proving there is no cure for stupidity.
Personally I prefer the Flying Spaghetti Monster, but, "chacun a son gout" as we are fond of saying in French Southern Virginia.
Your comparing a pipeline to a well? One that happens to be 5 miles deep?
who is writing this pap!?
Natives refuse to even consider that their current form of governance leads to this. All the hand wringing on earth is not going to change that. ' Focussed action plan' is just so much B$ rhetoric for a waste of money and time.
Bush could very well win an election today in the US. The US is a fairly right wing country so people like Harper and Bush maybe hated in Canada, but not necessarily the US.
Is a Trudeau endorsement OK? After all, he supports the very same legislation that you oppose so strongly.
Is Wednesday the new Saturday?
Please spare us your 'drivel' & lack of knowledge
The problem is politicians all too often do what is best for their party rather than country. It would be nice to think they would put their country first, but doesn't always work out that way.
Right on Old Taxpayer
Why couldn't they discover it together, J M ?
I sometimes get the feeling we are being bamboozled by both armies: the global warmers and the climate changers. The very smart NASA people told us that the world has not been warming for 15 years. So people should sit down and relax.
So, they told him not to attack?
Stand Your Ground was NOT used as a defense. The defense used the 200 year old standard of self defense.
I guess because many disadvantaged are so disadvantaged that they don't make enough money to pay taxes and therefore are not 'taxpayers', they're just disadvantaged citizens which Harper doesn't care about.
I guess you haven't read the unFair Elections Act, because the government is already picking and choosing which citizens can vote, even the ones that live in Canada.
Well, this pretty much explains the lack of intellect and rationale in the typical Con post.
So we're all agreed this is Jason Kenney posting as moon howler. That's oddly disturbing but, hey, #ridemewilfredhttps://frankmag.ca/2015/06/say-no-moore-wilfreds-last-ride/
Now we are finding the breakdown of that old bourgeois myth that there are no classes any more. The plane analogy, Mark, was a perfect illustration.
The Great Malumba. Read paragraphs 4 and 6.
I agree with your follow-up reply.
Thanks. I almost forgot the corporate cult(ure) and brainwashing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C0_1HTmh0f0
...or the self.
Wrong, Art. The terms of employment for a NFL player INCLUDE their personal conduct off the field.
Wake up! Speak the truth - Aboriginals do pay taxes.
All those white Canadian celebrities who live in the United States would do the same in similar circumstances but I highly doubt you'll be on here calling them Canadians of convenience.
Finally, a sensible proposal.
Absolutely. Two sides of the coin of brainwashing.
Mr Yakabuski you are a breath of fresh air in this stilted leftist rag.
Very good suggestion. And that's why Harper would not even consider it.
He will never arrive at a societal perspective, RC.
Might just be a simple case of regression toward the mean, after all he is hanging with the right of centre crowd at the Macdonald-Laurier Institute.
A private school that seeks public accreditation. It is subject to the Charter, that is not in debate.
The penultimate paragraph at least admits this is all about a safe haven for rich Chinese .
Just watching the antics of his camp followers.
France is helping local population terrorized by ISIS> So are the US, Saudi Arabia, Canada, UK.....
Oh you missed the hate part in her article did you? Well let me help you out, its when she compares a man who hasn't even taken office to a dictator in the Middle East. There you go
Good editorial.
Voters can be too easily convinced to vote against their own best interests.
Oh yes, a fascist will solve all your problems. The depths of some people's insecurity...
joannie. wGive specifics. You can't just decide to change the rules because you disagree with the results. Arbitrators are supposed to be neutral. After reading the decision (which you should), as I far as I can tell, this decision was balanced.
To the contrary. Elders and youth are speaking similar truths
Tainted meat?
Your price of a life is time only? lieberal loser.
so basically you said...' I don't like these guys so I don't think I should listen to what he has to say'...
Your inbox? You're confused little fella. You're the one who keeps adding new branches on the posting thread. It apparently gives you a sense of gravitas. Too funny.
Pot, meet kettle... kettle, meet pot.
Shell reported in London today that fourth quarter earnings were much lower than expected . Just think where they'd be without compliant governments aiding their rape of the planet !
Call it buddy
After ten years of Harper government you claim that the left is killing democracy? Please define 'kill' for me. I think we must be using different dictionaries.
Too bad Harper doesn't work harder at connecting with people and being a statesman because signing away Canadian rights to China just because he is socially awkward is not acceptable to the majority of Canadians
@ Reality_Check (not) most Toronto firefighters & police and most of the highest paid Toronto employees don't live in Toronto. So they aren't spending their high salaries in toronto. Check it out.
Ah yes John_S! It is wrong to have an opinion,,, unless of course it conforms to my opinion. Somehow reminds me of,,,,,
In what ways? How will it affect the conduct of the law? After all, that's what the SCC is for, not to be a political football for Conservatives.
Bud, I've got news for you. We are swimming in an ocean of double taxation.
This entire article could be summed up in one sentence: Just because you're offended doesn't mean you're right.
Good article : )
'the US attempt at regime change has simply created chaos and a half destroyed country.'Well, at least the US is adept at something. They've had a great track record in attempted regime-change-resulting-in-chaos-and-half-destroyed-countries.
Trudeau campaigned last year with Kathleen Wynne. An OBVIOUS red flag. But you elected them anyway... now live with it.Good luck.
Ten minutes a day is sufficient ? if you don't have a health issue that would benefit from Vitamin D supplementation, as is the case for individuals with thyroid issues or MS.
...most contested nomination battles of any party to date, with the most participants!...
Hey... Robert Downey Jr.Iron Man. Rob Ford. Iron Head. Just kidding. Luv ya Rob.
Unless the power was a potential customer??
Not all Canadians get the same benefits. Just ask your local senator. Oh, that's right, you don't have a local senator. You have a senator appointed to a job unlike all other Canadians who apply for one.
assuming they don't cheat to win again
All true - but Ford will still win over Olivia. Trust ME.
It takes courage to be a hero and intervene in a situation that may put yourself in danger.
Both are entitled to their beliefs. But one cannot arbitrarily choose to not do his publicly funded job. The two must be kept separate or we'll devolve to religious bickering and we both know how well that turns out
A month of confinement is mental and physical abuse. Are you joking here?
So you think the EU is desperate to get its hands on the Great Lakes or Lake Athabasca?
More anti-Russian crap.....bring on the the New Cold War!
And Truthie too!
? Methamphetamine? ?Heroin?
Well I believe in a Creator....I just don't believe that organized religion knows who He is and act as if they belong to a club that they have joined for their exclusive benefit and to hell with every body else.
For F sake relax..... it's a holiday.
Just like the vast majority of Canadians didn't vote for Harper in any previous elections, too. We get it.
Sorry the Kings an Lords want none of that....you get to vote in Oct.
What people see in these bi-election results are a reflection of their particular partisan bias. A Liberal shill like Simpson sees this as doom for Harper, no surprise there.
How about 'I didn't have sex with that woman' Clinton
Work Farce - exactly - consider how WW1 got started !!!! A Balkan nut bar assassin the root cause of the death of millions because everybody involved took this opportunity to pursue agendas entirely unrelated to a minor local event!
Even more sickening is who is stoking it.
Actually its easier to have a consumption tax on everything - that's what those nice Scandinavians do
OK, I CAN count - i just mis-typed.
Accepting scientific consensus is not the same as denying facts and voting for Trump and reacting to any criticism of the President elect like a typical cult member.
Thanks Matt, at least someone got it right, finally
The solution is simple, if you're from China you pay ten times property tax that a Canadian has to pay effective immediately. Problem solved.
ha ha, great post digamay. So true.
It's called negotiation. The Premier can't force a teachers strike, only the teachers can make that decision.
Before posting try to keep up with the debate. We are talking about face coverings!
Don?t make assumptions, do make hard decisions -Bob's New Years resolution?
America Vote Trump!
Be sure to let Lynda Shaw's family know.
The patient has to ask for assisted suicide, and has to be mentally capable at the time. The relatives are not allowed to decide.
Pretty hard to take seriously the political commentary of a poster who refers to himself as "Mister Poopeypants".
You are assuming that Denise has a logical argument to make, as opposed to simply ranting on about her favourite targets (ie Trump, 'racists')
She was right about the Harpo cabinet.
I would like to hear your comments on Vietnam, Afghanistan and Iraq. What, over one million people killed in SE Asia in connection with Vietnam.
Mr. Savoie makes too much sense for the captains of Ottawa. They probably do not understand his argument. He is probably, like a lot of Canadians, more disappointed and puzzled than miffed.
As it is with academics and others. The definition of Faculty is 'a gang of anarchists bound together by common parking.'
THANK YOU LENNY but I wouldn't even crawl for Prime Minister
I prefer 'phnethchith.' It's Gaelic.
You mean women who chose to stay home and raise their kids aren't benefitting society?
perhaps this is not a problem seeing as how everytime you pick up a paper you are told how the north is warming. Wonder what the americans use in Alaska , you know right beside Canada, could it be single engine ?
If this is true, I apologize for my post about 12:05 pm today
@NEA2 - no one wants to hear from someone whose idea of a political discussion is to say "he's dumb".
Not putting a price on carbon now is just passing the buck to our children. Somebody will have to pay the piper eventually. Carbon emission affects us in so many ways - health, climate etc.
You haven't owned a Dodge Grand Caravan, bud. 10 more biweekly payments and this piece of junk is going straight into Lake Ontario.
ALL of them celebrated by sleep walking sheeple citizens - who watch a complaisant media where the ads have become content and the supposed content mere vapid filler.
Very true Shoshanab. The media are simplistic morons in this country. Almost as embarrassing as RF.
Um wut? We are. Stay with the tour, please.
It cost her the election.
Saw title. Clicked link. Saw name of author. Didn't read article.
Hello Progressive111, Wow, do you ever have thin skin. I named four very diverse occupations in different regions of Canada and yet somehow you find all of my choices deeply offensive. All I can say is wow, do you ever need to grow thicker skin.
LOl! Give it up.
No, Keller - what's escalating are corporate profits and the proportion of the pie that the 1% are taking for themselves.
Those days are already here in Vancouver. http://vancouversun.com/news/local-news/the-three-bedroom-challenge
They do it for the kids ! LOL
. . . bite it @dave . . . he was 10x the person that you will ever be.What have YOU done lately . . . besides whine? At least that 'demagogue and bully' stood up and made his mark in history.
The one main take-away is that Wynne is running juniors campaign and telling him what to say.
They are actually closer related to canines (that's a dog), if you bothered to take the time to learn about what you speak out about.
You cannot have a tax system that just reflects a taxation philosophy no matter how sensible it might be. You have to be competitive with the rest of the world. Doing what you suggest would encourage private capital flight.
No, the Harper Guv'mint. Steve prefers it that way.
No wait!... it's OK!... Cause Margaret AGREES with them!... Muzzling free speech is okay if Margaret agrees!... Get with the program!...lol It's only bad if Margaret disagrees!... ha ha!
No kidding. How disheartening.
@anordinary I can not only spell it - I can smell it!
How could a bird's brain up his game? Impossible unless his backroom boys do it for him.
Brian Gallagher is making close to $1 million/year.Remember that when you donate.
portia, Are all seven of these reasons wrong? How can anybody be that wrong?
You may not be holding your breath but you certainly need to hold you nose reading this muck, don't you? I love the royal 'we' implied in the 'our move' headline.
Too harsh......LOL
People hate others who are smarter than them. 'Elites' has become a pejorative for the educated and knowledgable class.
Are you kidding me? The after effects are still being felt throughout the globe. It will take close to another decade before it gets worked out.
Citizen 1 is the typical citizen. Which doesn't care.
Mulcair demanded? Trudeau has a majority and does whatever he wants. The only thing that he responds to are criticisms in the press, e.g. trying to renege on electoral reform.
Frontline rules.
Those of us with a sense of humour got it. 
I'm sure Mulcair will be comfortable in the centre, the Liberals left it for him when they supported C51.
Leslie was terrible yesterday. He failed to block his 'leader' from getting into trouble and just stood passively.
I see how democracy is threatened. But how does this court the government's own peril? If they pass the legislation and win the next election, even with their continued minority, they just reap more rewards, however reprehensible.
That is a fairy tale that is not supported by either the empirical understanding of those living with mercury contaminated water for 60 years or by the accumulated scientific data.
Hmm, Justin Trudeau as the true conservative. Imagine the heads of the CPC base exploding because of that idea.
Quoting from sources like 'fluoridealert' are not exactly believable.
Not exactly an objective, "value free", cultural observation that, ES.
Try to do it without all provinces and terrorities onside. Good Luck.
It also reduces poverty in the countries that produce them.
you place buffoons in a bad light by your comment.
Because the climate models have told them so.
Try a thought: Those people you refer to as immune to argument were not born supporting Trump.
Oh, so that's what Emma Watson was talking about at the UN when she introduced 'He for She'.
The Chief Justice did her job professionally in the Nadon situation, as she always does, and her reward from Harper was a sleazy smear, repeated by Attorney General McKay. Shame on them both. Canadians cannot let this pass unnoticed.
You have started this article with your preconceived notion and then tried to fit the facts as suited to support your premise. Why don't you try that on Stephen Harper also.
So are we going to form an Inquiry into every act of aggression, war, murder and mayhem throughout history ?? Committed by Whites, Africans, Chinese, the likes of Stalin, Hitler, Pol Pot. Mao ..... Saddam Hussein ...
and FEAR is the Mother of Violence.
'airplanes and ocean shipping is not even addressed in this agreement' ; that's only because the end result has been agreed to... how we get there is up to us to decide and it should.. will have to include air, ocean and land transportation.
very dumb to suggest that Mulcair is likely to commit a terrorsit act
Bigotry? The author has taken her freedom to make that claim for granted.
an 'open door' to immigration is something many Canadians have mixed feelings about. A lot of coverage to this tragic event... but most still have mixed feelings about the number and rate of acceptance for refugee applications .
For certain personality types, lying is not lying... that's why they can pass lie detector tests. It's not a lie if you believe your falsehood, or if you need to believe it to maintain your picture of yourself.
s p a n k i n g m y a s s
Exactly. Unfortunately no party is willing to step up to the plate with a clear and rational plan.
Harper will throw the CDN milk producers under the bus. There isn't enough of them to make any difference in an election. Most a bred in the bone Conservatives any how and are unlikely to use logic in voting.
He is despicable. We have all heard enough from him so this notion is no longer in debate.
The media built up Trump with the intent to take him down at the end -ooooops! They are largely regarded as one lower than a cockroach, CNN leaking debate questions was the end.
That does not lessen the concern that it may happen again regardless of where it came from. Why don't we address those concerns instead of mocking them? Did your town blow up?
Read Graeme Smith's The Dogs Are Eating Them Now, to see what the politicos and Canadian Forces commanders tried to do with all the news that was coming out of Afghanistan. Can't be bothered, can you .
Mr. Trump does not know how to make money. If he had put the money he inherited into the stock market he would be wealthier than he is now.
StadlerSo when I get old, will your kids, whose daycare and education has been funded by my taxes, take care of me? Will they visit me in the old folks home?
The fact that you don't understand the difference between weather and climate makes your comment rather useless.
Naughty naughty Ontario !!Too much spending and not enough work !!Off to bed with you without equalization until you can behave like afiscally prudent provinceAnd yes this hurts me more than it hurts youxoxolove Alberta
It is a headline above an editorial opinion piece, so it can express whatever opinion the editor wants. If it was a news report I would say you had a case. It is not.
Although I don't agree with the article I find your comment elitist and pompous.
I was wondering how long it would take the Russophobes to dial in their drivel.
White guilt?
Excellent comment!
Might it be that the appointments were appropriate, responsible and will contribute to well to the advancement of the nation's interests? This piece reads like the kind of partisan axe grinding indulged in by only the most novice political hacks.
Especially if he's with the sainted Corp.!
The kind that excites the Republican hill folk.
Yes, you are living under a totalitarian regime. Your thoughts are being recorded via secret radio waves, and the only way to counteract this is to put on your tinfoil hat.
Really? Try sending women into Afghan villages to 'gather intel'. They'll be lucky to get a handshake from the men that know what needs to be found out, let alone trusted sufficiently to get that information.
I don't think that Ms. Bachmann speaks for most anti-vaxxers. Nor does she speak for most Republicans, for that matter.
It was their land because they were living here, and then we came and conquered the place. This isn't a novel proposition; it's the basis for all of traditional Indian rights law.
Spoken like a disconnected union member with little interest and knowledge about how the world operates outside of her classroom.
HRC did the same thing with her foundation and rich foreign friends. The obama government was bought and it showed in his policies. Same thing is going on here with tattoos' government
@Mandelbrot: sorry but Obama is not even remotely close to the level of scary we all witnessed with Bush!
And yet Harper is a monarchist.
You are naive and dense. That is being kind because the alternative is that your ignorance on this bill is wilful.
the Citizenship board, for one. you must [in Canada] speak one of the two official languages in order to be granted citizenship.
Who appointed you the headmistress?
Nope. Obtuse means "obtuse". "Conservative" is a synonym for "dumb". Or just go have a look in the mirror for the Coles Notes explanation. Hope that explains things for you.
Really ??? So what do you think it means to be a Canadian ??
Sorry to burst your bubble (I'm lying there) but please see this: http://www.electoralreformforcanada.caThe Liberal Party of Canada Caucus has listened.
Thanks to all of you who wrote to defend the Supreme Court. Pity the day we end up with a politicized court like in the USA.
Zero attacks!!?? YOU are the one who is out to lunch!
Why police? there is no evidence'The Star had no way to verify the authenticity of the video...'FromRob Ford in 'crack cocaine' video scandal - Robyn Doolittle and Kevin Donovan - Star - May 16 2013
It's well documented that you don't like Trump. The fact that you don't like Pence either is zero surprise to everyone.
I disagree. I have had it with right-wing thuggery and illogic. A good candidate for Toronto is a good candidate that gives us hope, brings the city together and builds a civic place of pride.
That works for me!
you can bet the hammer heads like Hargrove et all will fight this; it makes too much sense
Unnfortunately for your argument, so does Harper. Flush the refuse down the toilet.
The Telegraph. How surprising.
what utter claptrap, JR...lay off the psychotropic substances. Canada does more to appease non-white residents than any country on earth.
well look at his picture, he qualifies to be in trudeaus cabinent by apperances thats all the matters.
But she doesn't travel in academic circles. In fact she shuns it and turned down two academic positions to pursue a career in writing. http://fromphdtolife.com/2013/04/05/transition-q-a-sarah-kendzior/
Pro - Just stop it. Any Canadian who hasn't been living under a rock for the last decade already knows this is a party of one. When nearly your entire cabinet quits on you, the writing is on the wall. Now please start looking for another job.
Hear! Hear! Good post.
'Justin Trudeau's new climate deal with the provinces will cost Canadians many, many billions, maybe more.'This sentence makes no sense, of course.
PET was NEVER popular in the West. In Montreal and Toronto perhaps.
Hawksd, if you bothered reading the article before you posted, $50 K is actually the median income in Canada.
Will she accept credit cards? What do I get for my money? heh heh heh... Will she see me long time or short time?
Hey RepoVickieBoy. I read that three times, you sounded just like George Bush... Is that you NeedyCan'tReason?
Christie Clark is a conservative. The BC liberals are a mix of socreds, reformers, conservatives and a few liberals who wanted to be in power.
So are you paid till the end of the month?
It's cute when you try and do man things.
All these people don't live in Canada.
5 years from now we won't remember his name. Good riddance.
'Teachers just cannot be fired'Not true.
I don't know what's more disturbing, the authoritarian tendencies of Canada's student population when it comes to language policing, or the willingness of our country's spineless university administrators who are aiding and abetting this insanity.
Few realize that the church allowed marriage for priests up til the 13th century. It is 'man - made' law, and simply, should be repealed.
I see Lawrence Cannon has categorically denied he is returning to Canada to run for election. I am increasingly of the view that the PMO regards Mr. Yakabuski as a 'useful idiot'.
It's time to get off this crazy train.
Actually there has been no warming for 15 years, a convenient afterthought, I should write a book with a bunch of over the top ,unproven science and push it on schoolchilden, I could get rich, damn Gore beat me to it.
No robospam involved, my friend. The 'towf' is an acronym for my initials (first name, two middle names & surname), while the 2011 is the year I took out a G & M account. Take it seriously or not, it remains true.
Dartguard, you have a situation where 3.1 BILLION dollars has gone missing and you STILL believe they're telling you the truth? May God man! Wake! ... up!
Elite? like JUSTIN? son of ?
Terrific well thought out commentary
Boy, do you need a history lesson.
Yuck. And on a Sunday morning too.
Possibly true but the topic is vaccinations, no?
Dave, I don't see any way on your site to contact you.
there are more like forcillo who carry their guns with the same glee to use it if only given a small opportunity.
Glasgow airport has an instant passenger survey system at security exit - press Green for 'it was fine' or red for 'I'm no happy'. A big monitor shows the running total. Dare they try that in Canadian airports.
see : Tesla's New Battery Doesn't Work That Well With Solar Even Elon Musk's SolarCity, the biggest supplier in the U.S., isn't ready to install Tesla's home battery for daily users..... may6/15 bloombergbusiness
What is definitely clear, is that the price of buying across the border is now higher than it was a few weeks ago. The article is correct, it is your understanding that is confused.
Reality is--The Rubicon has been crossed. There is no turning back. No second chance.
I am not even commenting on the good or bad Natedawg. Just look at the number of pro pipeline articles there have been in the last couple of weeks.
As long as she lies to get in and then does what she needs to do, the brain dead unionists are A ok with that.
You're right Mr. Simpson... this is depressing!!
Thank you.
I thought he said he was going to be 'different' in the way he governs though? Did you drink that kool-aid?
Yes, let's castrate every man so you feel good.
Nauseating to think people enjoy watching all that garbage, as so-called entertainment.
The only person who should have the final word about my body is me! If i am not able to consent there should be a pre-consent form. Why does the oligarchy state keep on twisting this issue?
Stephen, not true at all. You can't resist something that doesn't exist.
I see. And the termites in this tortured analogy would be who in real life?
sure beats being found in contempt of parliament - TWICE
I'm worried about my kids getting drafted.
Would you be so cavalier if it were wealthy white kids dying?
Terrible, terrible article
No he's referred them to those who can and will decide judgment. Unlike Harper and some of his past 'employees'. Ask Helena.
I didn't learn very much from this article. Just a boring repeat about what we already know.
I'm all for putting another log on the fire, but since logs are a form of renewable energy, they do not contribute to AGW.
Great start to an important story. The author might have quadrupled it in size and interviewed a wider variety of people. Still, I learned something.
Transparent? The Harper gang? Not likely, considering they are the most secretive government in Canadian history.
Ever since I read about MAD fund bonanza (79% of donations go to administrative cost), I stopped donations to charities for humans.
Except, of course, the three trumplings.
She has callouses on her ribbon-cutting right hand.
Just YAAAAAAAAAYYYYY!!!!! Tabitha! Right on the bullseye.
PCs have got to get a new leader. Hudak really is unlikeable, and seems even less trustworthy.
My Ten Cents, Typical Canadian self delusions of adequacy. You pride yourself in accepting no end of evil as long as you go through the hypocritical motions of rejecting the worse evil.
The mainstream media is where journalism goes to die.
Thank you Konrad for an insightful article. Greece and Greeks, with their congenital hubris, are always quick to point the finger of blame at others.
Mike: how well do you yourself enunciate words in your second language? You do have a second language, right ?
Margaret, that 'ugly eight-metre-high fence that snakes throughout the country' doesn't go through their country, but through their colony's. Only one of many distortions in this piece of 'journalism' - more close-minded drivel from Wente.
Shocker: Looner can't follow economic theory. C.
Lewis MacKenzie is selling the repatriated soil nonsense as hard and fast as he can...... the idea is to bury anyone who disagrees as some sort of traitorous anti-vet commie....
Au contraire. I want them on the front page, rather than hidden and lost within some slick Madison Avenue catchphrase.
Problem is people smoke pot, which everyone has to smell and inhale even pregnant women and school children walking home. No one forces their alcohol down my throat. It should only be legal in vaporizers if THC is medicinal.
Since when is MJ a dangerous drug?
It seems that the latest trend with Liberal supporters is to label anyone who challenges them a Trump supporter. I guess everyone needs a crutch when you don't have any honest defenses.
Not to be rude, but the 'Daily Mail'?? Hahahahaha
Aren't you just the clever one. Now have you anything to say about the content of the comment?
PROPAGANDA YOU FOOLS!
I am so sick and tired of the corruption in this government.
Makes for a good headline and 'story'. The only question being whether it is to be classified as literary fiction or mere filler.
Starting at the very top, this is a government that refuses to be accountable for anything and games every aspect of the democratic process for partisan advantage.
Right on!!!
Yep - and both Provincial & Federal Liberal Parties are promising to spend (ie. waste) billions more on 'infrastructure'
LOL. The article was TL:DR for you? She does lay out a series of good reasons throughout the article.
Read this Council of Canadians article! http://canadians.org/blog/ranked-ballots-would-have-given-liberals-224-seats-past-election
Actually, had this happened in another country, it would be BS. The woman wouldn't even had the opportunity to drive a car, let alone, block another one in!
Funny how these same experts never saw the crash of 2008 coming...
and I know a friend who just got diagnosed with pancreatic cancer......love your life now
So NHL games are supposed to be a government service paid for by the tax-payers? Really?
In my mind, this is with-out doubt one of the finest, most balanced articles Mr. Simpson has ever written, well done Sir, and in passing I completely agree. Bravo.
Only lately?
You mean Canadian values like freedom of religion?
Paul Martin is the only former Canadian Prime Minister I can think of who has attempted to make a significant contribution to Canadian society after leaving public office. A great christian.
Many are racists/misogynists? What an ignorant generalization without a shred of evidence to support it.
The decision to pull out our CF18s serves no purpose and has undercut our relations with our allies. That's statement enough.
Hah! That's funny.
Yes, this should be taught beginning in Grade 9.
The quality of life in California and Texas would be better if the US federal government did not redistribute money away from these states, partly due to underrepresentation in the senate and electoral college.
purely economic.
Maybe Timmania would work better? Nope.
Really, only one question. Given the fact that basically the only 'promise' this government has fulfilled is that we won't recognize Canada when Harper's through, why would anyone believe anything outlined in this budget?
What if they create trouble abroad (or at home)?
Not to mention that they undercut Britain and France in the Middle East by proping up pro-american dicatorial regimes on the style of those they created in central America, right up til the present.
One more thing....We are not talking about moderate Muslims here.
the younger generation seems a bit self-absorbed and selfish to bother with elders, volunteer work, taking charge of anything they are not paid royally for; if it doesn't contain a battery or data they aren't interested
You serious or are you joking???
merwin, you go right ahead and crucify yourself. No one will stop you.
Silly comment.
If these criminals want to get out of jail, they should just vote for JT next federal election.
"Care to disclose these GDP numbers - or did you just make them up?" 2013 Alberta $84K, QC $44K, NB $42K, NS$41K, PEI $40K
This comes as no surprise. The drop in oil prices has tanked the energy industry and other industries that depend on it.
BC is 170 BILLION in debt, for low information Neanderthals like you that's 40 million $ for every man woman and child.
I remember a little thing called the Globe's non-endorsement endorsement. And yet, here I am, paying for another weak opinion... It's this kind of pettiness that keeps many of our best and brightest from serving in public office. Thanks, G&M.
Agreed. Konrad= sour grapes. Nonetheless, why are there not equally great shows from the Right ridiculing THEIR opponents. I am forced to consider whether the Republican/CPC crowd have a sense of humor. That terrifies me.
'There was a point where MSNBC had for several consecutive days, wall to wall negative coverage of Trump alone'Anyone familiar with MSNBC would know that 'several consecutive days' is an understatement by literally years.
Cuba has elections.
Now you just stop making sense here!
Underlying racist assertion: First Nations history, culture, and philosophy are of no value.
Oh, the gulag! Please Mr.PM don't send me to the gulag! I don't golf so the courses would be wasted on me. I know we get internet but what about cable TV? and what about my gluten free diet?
That's bad algebra.
10% decrease this year and every year until the bands have assimilated into the rest of Canada. Paying to maintain the status quo is not helping either the natives or the taxpayers.
You are the one who doesn't understand. Clawing it back is the same as not getting it.
@But that conforms to type. Like your type? Who deletes his own posts, after having had his be.hind handed to him?
I am sure that Homer Simpson, Larry Martin andDoug Saunders had nothing to do with this decision, fortunately.
Interestingly, Trump himself was a sub-prime lender through Trump mortgage.
If you're going to slap ' idiot left wing elitist snobs' around - which I approve of - please type in a more literate manner.
Another foot in the door
I'm not sure whether you are one of the affected civil servants who understandably are not happy with this announcement or not. I do know that you have written one of the most annoying posts ever to appear on this sight. Get a life!
He is the very model of a Modern Governor General. G&S would have had a field day
I am wondering.... if we value the importance of Ukraine as an independent democracy... why not Scotland...?
Should Canada be encouraging a world led by China by joining the China (communist party) run investment bank? talk is cheap especially when you partner says talk to the hand
Obama was chosen by Oprah. Game over for anyone else at that time. I agree with you somewhat. His presidency has not been a great one because of the repub's stand.
Single males are the one who should be fighting for there country not running away. IMHO
If they did I doubt the sheer amount of whining would be the same...
You guys are hilarious - the Liberals lost 3 seats held by cabinet ministers (finishing 3rd in 2 of them) and it's Hudak who's unelectable?? Please share whatever you're drinking ...
This coming from the big, strong tough guy scientist who quits after a few days of criticism. They need to make irony meters out of stronger stuff.
Bell Media owns 15% of the Globe and Mail and is almost certainly a silent minority owner. The Thomson family owns the remaining 85%.
Then the UN definition is extremely incorrect and offensive to me.
Bob, I thought your comments were excellent. Rochdale is a rather tiresome fellow who thinks every person who doesn't support the Cons is an import from Ontario.
Excellent !
Hillary tried to start WWIII with Russia to try and cover this up.Hillary for Prison 2016.
there is a class and no class, there are no more second class in this country. The author of the article definitely has no class.
They should 'believe' neither but do their own research and think for themselves.
Since when is it the responsibility of a newspaper to 'take care' of the interests of a the majority of Canadians? Just curious....
If there was a free-for-all in the content consumption world, what role would the CRTC continue to have? I think that may be why the CRTC is flogging its dead horse -- to appear to be industrious and relevant.
You could always give the money to someone who needs it more than you do.Food bank, charity, church, really not that difficult.
Agree - Unfair Elections Acts was a low point for Harper. And Pierre was unbearable
Thanks for reminding us all to stay open to life, and all it has to offer us, throughout ALL of the ages of our own existence. Well done.
Mommy drinks because you're unemployable.
You know this for a fact?
A Canadian is a Canadian is a Canadian.
So free voice only where there is no chance of passing? Gender selection is opposed by 92% of Canadians. However given the climate of whipping votes in the House you are correct it is likely to fall which would leave us with a bill that protects GS.
Only if he were terminally ill.
Money doesn't bring happiness? -- Tell that to Marge.
RobHave faith. Give people a chance to live like you do.
Please tell me what the unions have to do with the price of alcohol. You do know that the majority of LCBO workers are part time don't you.....
That makes it suicide, as opposed to a death caused by the underlying disease. That is the whole reason for having the new law.
It's amazing how many people Western Prophet considers to be 'idiots'. Very telling, isn't it?
I heard something interesting yesterday. An ex-Canadian living in the States has decided that she her family may move back to Canada. Apparently, she and her husband greatly fear Clinton being elected......! Ha !
Why do you bother reading the newspaper, with such a negative attitude toward 'most Columnists'?
R-W: no Lamont probably doesn't travel much, just like his co-Reformers.In the Reform party we have now, broadening your mind and visiting other countries are not exactly something they value. They'd rather stay home... hidding behind their shed.
They can file all the grievances they like. Doesn't mean that what AC is doing is illegal.
great guys and this statement is totally truetime we stared them down instead of just capitulatingoh and they all have jobs on the side applaud their entrepreneurialism but this overpayment program must stop
norin. Peer reviews by like-minded folks often are just pal reviews.
It depends on what they are doing. As Sec. State, I was not pleased with a lot of what Hillary did. She should be taken to task for many misjudgments and problems exacerbated in the Middle East.
If you have the right to recline your seat into my lap, I should also have the right to push back and make you uncomfortable.
Right . And blacks in the 50's didn't have to eat in certain restaurants, or drink at certain public fountains .....
Not the Alliance: 'Able' does not preclude 'petty vindictiveness' -- which I hope does 'cripple' him, but I'm not confident about that. Eichmann was 'able,' by the way.
The Liberals have made it clear that they are at best not competent! at worst criminal! Time for somebody else to take a shot at righting that sinking ship!
There are only two climate change deniers left on the planet now that Abbott is gone - Rupert Murdoch and Stephen Harper. Soon, both of those dinosaurs will be gone and life will move forward.
I guess Stan Duptall does not get the point of Charlie Hebdo who set the "standards" for Charlie Hebdo if someone posts something outrageous others will put him her in his her place
Yup all those Wall Street tycoons, dyed in the wool leftists. Some times I wonder how certain people figure out at how to use a keyboard.
So you agree with the article... be a little louder fresh, your ignorance is Republican obvious.
Yes, let's give the west another reason to hate the Centre-of-the-Universe.
I have no regard for Trump, but not to worry, the left wing media will shamelessly shill for Clinton. No less than the Canadian media shills for the left.
Denglish - I've read a lot & rejected it. Since you appear to be unaware of the religious warrant for violence you might want to do some reading yourself. Google 'violence in the Bible' or 'violence in the Koran' - very enlightening and depressing.
Typical government BS, all the money goes to the bureaucrats and very little to the people that need it.
Thanks for your input Moral Majority. Just one question, are you a right wing puritan or left wing? On second thought, there is no difference at all.
I don't feel even the slightest need to seek forgiveness.
At what point do you guys admit you don't know what you are talking about?
Not worth 100k/yr not even close, the way you lefties talk you have completely lost touch with reality. You know the starting wage for an engineer is 65-70k/yr.... Ask me how I know...
is the rest of this article as exaggerated as you can't find an 1 bedroom apartment for under $2000 in Toronto? does this author just make all this stuff up? or did he just make up that one assertion?
In living Technicolour.
So here is the anti Trudeau goon ranting on again.....with no brains behind his rants
I am just testing to see if every post to this thread gets 'Moderated'
And they can type really fast with their thumbs.
Indeed read my comment.
Feel like being groped anyone...? At least it wouldn't be the 'establishment' grabbing your privates and then laughing about it.
As leftie eco-twits as so out of touch with the average Canadian, that pretty well ensures a Harper victory on the 19th...
father Pierre hugely popular on 1968 election, then four years later, boom: minority holding on with NDP support; let us see what happens here
He mentioned 'climate change' as apparently something legitimate. Wouldn't classify guy as right-wing.
Hubris: Stealing $50M from the G8 security fund and diverting those funds to Tony Clement's riding to help shore up his election chances. Tony blew the money and left no paper trail.
Nonsense. I didn't see Hapless Harper at Rob Ford's funeral. Did you?
Don't know that you can lay this whole problem at the feet of one party
We have an oath because people who aren't automatically citizens at birth have to have a process whereby they can become citizens.
Tom Flanagan needs to buzz off. Perhaps return to his US roots and take his destructive neocon ideas with him.
Why not make the concession stands free and feed them while were at it. No hot dogsof course.
I have one response to the proportional representation - Italy & Israel. Two totally dysfunctional governments.
Once the ultra-liberal PC crowd have remade society into their utopian wet dream, reducing every male and female into the more all-inclusive and androgynous 'Thing 1' and 'Thing 2', then maybe, just maybe, they'll be happy. Though I doubt it...
You'll be hearing it from all the Liberal ministers now.
Sorry, but it's a health care matter. A woman shouldn't have to PLEAD with not one, but two doctors to be granted the RIGHT to an abortion. How paternalistic and condescending.
Le Dauphin will have to open his mouth and actually say something during an election campaign. Liberals seem to keep forgetting this.
I don't agree. Rich civil servants indicates a problem.. Job security, decent pay should be the perks. Public sector wages should be bridled, more money should go to the poor. Hard-working entrepreneurs should be supported and encouraged.
Diverse canada? who are you trying to blow? Flotsam and jetsam of the third world. Call a spade a spade.
There are tens of thousands of TFWs in manufacturing as well. But even i n the service sector there are ways to improve labour productivity.
Ah DustyPixie, you are nothing if not consistent... and amusing!
Interesting Sharon. Now, in English please. I sense you must be a current/former government bureaucrat. Your writing style is pure government.
Ailina, was that sarcasm? Hard to read your meaning. Editorial cartoons are forms of art.
'Kakistocracy' - a real word? Come, come, Mr Martin.
Anything by Mr. Gee IS in the commentary or opinions section. He is a columnist, not a reporter.
Reads like a Conservative attack ad - full of innuendo and cherry picked stories about 'other Liberal Leaders'.Perhaps she consulted with John I.
Your subtly is probably lost on many readers.
So your logic for saying it ISN'T xenophobia is by saying that by LOOKING at PICTURES of the terrorists, we can immediately draw conclusions that all single straight middle-eastern men are terrorists? Good luck with that.
What kind of a crowd do you hang out with - PMO staffers?
It's not that JT is committed to the image and not the substance. There is no substance...
Maybe a different GG. This one does what he's told.
APFG Father: I have no idea why you received two thumbs down (so far) for that...
Not sure I'm ready to try crushed tiger penis or dried bear gall bladder juice for various ailments but have at it I guess.
France is the world's 4th-largest exporter of arms, behind China and ahead of the UK. Why You might be more comfortable reading and commenting on the Sun.
Happy New Year to you too, Peggy!
Boob. So the millions of Canadians who voted CPC are all 'just negative hateful people'???
No.They can stick by their religious principles - only they won't get an accredited law school, since lawyers are sworn to uphold the law. TWU wants it both ways.
However she is not a citizen of canada prior to taking the oath. So the charter doesn't apply until she accepts our values and becomes a citizen.
Fascism, really? Liberals and NDPers support fascist policies, perhaps if your Liberals hadn't gutted our education system you'd understand what the word means.
Andrew Scheer's response to Mulcair was terrible. He is reducing the power of the Speaker. Get on with your jpb Andrew. How embarasssing is that after you say 'oh, no problem, the main guilty party apologizes.
Umm, they can vote can't they?
Why are Yakabuski's feature-writing talents being wasted here on the comment page where he is clearly out of his depth?
The only aspect that I take exception to is the headline - it's not so much a 'how' as 'here's what needs to be done' - the how is something that must be done carefully.
or at the very least, totally cover it with plants and vines...
Nobody has the right to own firearms.
With all do respect, Jean, Canadians want to hear JT defend the LPC's position.
More like the US has rotten slander and libel laws.
Your object is obfuscation.
I remember Jean Chr?tien opposing the war in Iraq. He had a vision.
Politics yes. The least expensive advanced (fifth generation) fighter aircraft can be purchased from Russia and from China. But politics being what they are, who would support buying those?
It's a shame that neither the dear professor or the globe editor took the time to learn what Dutch disease was before writing an article on it. Good alma mater you got there Steve.
"Harper will refuse any Compensation to Quebec..." Spin it how you want wierdo, you're still a LIAR.
So beautifully simple.
Yes, but Harper was defeated, so what's your point?
Or we could live on less. I just spent two weeks in Denmark. Prices are really high there compared to here. So they buy less stuff. They're the happiest country on earth so it seems to work out.
Is this satire? This is the same G&M of the much-mocked 'Cons sans Harper' editorial. They have no principles, only sheer kowtowing to their Thompson overlords.
Gitmo, I most certainly did. Read my answer again.
i hear ya. maybe the globe will endorse 'none of the above' and we can all stay home without feeling guilty.
You obviously don't actually know any real liberals.
Based on what little he's willing to share, Trump's businesses are closely tied to China. That conflict of interest alone suggests that he's not going to mess with that relationship.
This very case that Harper is shamelessly flogging against this woman for his political and personal gain is precisely what our constitution is meant to protect her and our individual freedoms from. I prefer freedom over tyranny.
The West should be supplying Ukraine with tanks and heavy weapons.
You've got me there for sure.
?? ' Liar'........??How so?
Doctors in lab coats? You only see that on the TV ads.
This is all Harper fault that Canadians are happy.
All this violence over minor variations of the same fairy tale. This world would be a much better place without religion.
this article reads like an entry in a political-junky teenager's diary. love the part about the evil Jews, too. THAT wasn't predictable at all, was it?
I speak 4 + languages. French,English,Greek,Italian and some Spanish and Portuguese.
Aevitas has had major mishaps ... the people of Chilliwack have the right to oppose this facility, since the council was not honest with telling what kind of plant this was going to be.Misrepresenting the facts is NOT OK...
And we can send him to the moon to preside over the universe. I think this might just work.
Just wait until you see the new gulags north of Fort Mac.
Then we shall have to.
And Clinton is tapping a Hispanic wave, mostly thanks to Mr. Trump.
no one gave up on Harper, he prorogued
Actually, these media outlets have all been posting fawning stories about this cabinet shuffle both before and after the event.
Ohhhh for the good old days, when a column by Ms. Wente on this kind of topic would generate 1500 - 2000 comments.
It's a big 'if'.
With its attack on science based policy this government has long lost the trust of Canadians who cannot trust any initiatives such as the campaign on pot smoking.
how about over an office mail clerk?
The drug in question is already in society, so what is the point of your comment (unless this was a commentary on so-called 'designer drugs'?)
Uh, no...The Eurocrats aren't chopping up dissidents and selling their vital organs... yet.
Reform party was just out of touch with Canadians. This may happen in Ontario also with Patrick Brown as Ontario PC chief.
Canadian society should not be normalizing gender segregation, any more than the notion women are 'immodest. if they hide their faces.
Hmm. I think that Websters uses Donald Trump as a definition of 'liar'.
Just babble on.......
Actually, DieterHH, Elizabeth May beat Jeffrey to the punch; but, why nitpick?
Wente does not appear to do any research on any subject, before striding confidently forward with her, or her cocktail-party cohorts', knee-jerk reaction.
Don't Stop, Keep Going.
It would be fair observation to say that by systematically NOT tar getting ISIS, Assad has defacto supported its momentum, as a political ploy to play up the danger of his losing control to such a 'barbaric' alternative. Just sayin'.
Picton was one man John. The situation on some reserves is chronic. Q: how do you know what is not reported to the police? Why do you assume that unreported rapes aren't, what I expect to be the normal -- native on native violence?
What do we expect when Saint Pierre's Charter of Rights has made us more like those damned Yanks.
Poorly stated but I agree with the sentiment.
It would appear that women are not prone to obsession and all it's ugly manifestations. Now that women are outnumbering men in our institutes of higher education matbe they'll take over the field of psychiatry and get these issues resolved.
Yes, kinda makes you wonder why MW is not over there at Sun News where she would feel more at home.
A few interesting points. Reasonably well written. Has the Manning Centre hired a new ghost-writer?At least it's obvious they didn't poach from the Globe.
Lenin is dead ? OMG !
Really ! Why did he poison Alexander Litvinenko ?
lazy polarizing rants on either side of an issue don't help -- do they?
'When were men ever disempowered?'-----------------------In education they are. Right now.
Just about the sillest post to date!!
Dear God, there are hardly any "commies" left in the world. This is 2014.
This only shows that the NDP is not the party of working people: a bunch of elitists, college professors and left-wing wackadoos who couldn't get a job in private industry. Who would hire them?
Wow, those crazy dysfunctional Californians, eh? Why it's almost like they think they're in Ontario......
Excellent piece.
But still ruled by the same upper class and elites who have ruled Britain for decades or centuries while marginalizing the working class.
Justin Trudeau knows what 'barbaric' means in English. Not so sure if J Kenney does
You're right. There is a such a shocking amount of hypocrisy in the "right" wing camps.
Clarification - I detest Crazy Ted, and people who avoid giving straight answers. So, if Crazy Ted can run for US President, why can't Justin Trudeau ?
The image is mind-boggling. I can't even start to reply, while agreeing, to your comment of Harpie as Mother Canada without grossing out, and that's from the west coast. Lose Harper coast to coast.
A number of posters have demonstrated confusion about Conrad Black's formal title as a British Peer. It is 'Lord Black of Cross Shareholders'.
I feel a bit better knowing the G&M endorsed Jim Prentice and Tim Hudak.
Crystal Glass, thanks for the laugh!
This article is a good demo of the 'carefully selected example' meme. It glosses over the reality of employing surgery on genetically and physically normal women and (mostly) men in an attempt to 'fix' psychological issues.
Obama did what he could to slow the killing but he doesn't control the machine . Just like Eisenhower told us . Hilary will be much worse.
An idealist is one who, on noticing that roses smell better than a cabbage, concludes that they will also make better soup. H.L Mencken
Yes, let's dump the shallow analyses of real-life statistics and deny them to fit your bubble agenda. Very funny post if it wasn't so sad.
You prefer BEVERAGES that I do not prefer!
And I guess the 99 seats were just imaginary, like the 34 the libs got in the previous election... the cons have a solid base and with strategic leadership and funding ...from people like me...they will get back in power... lefty
Right. Because you wouldn't want any facts to stand in the way of your opinion. Time to get back to the Fox News echo chamber.
Mostly old white guys who have been in politics for decades and decades. Representative of our country. I doubt it.
Excellent postShould a similar war take place today, Canada and the EU would follow the US.What has changed? Simple, the bankers and oilmen now run all of the western world, our polititian are puppets.
Hysterical: deriving from or affected by uncontrolled extreme emotion or relating to, associated with, or suffering from hysteria
Why would Mr. Trump attack North Korea? He's willing to give Mr. Putin a free hand in Syria and the Middle East which are much more valuable whereas N. Korea is an impoverished Hell hole. There's no profit in attacking North Korea.
Not to worry as the Liberals have it all under control. New Brunswick could learn a lot from the Ontario Liberal Gov.
Sour grapes much?
The French were allied with the Algonquin and other Anishinaabe Indians. The English were allied with the Iroquois (Haudenosaunee) Indians.
It works for eggs.
Ogthedim... agreed!...
Nah - so far that's been restriction to abortionists and Planned Parenthood.
You mistake reporting what Trumplethinskin actually SAYS and DOES for 'bashing'.Try making sense.
Also is not common knowledge, if you graduate and no job prospect, go back to school and get a degree in one of those jobs that Canada is sooooooooooo short of...
Very good points Jeffery Simpson. This is going to be a long four years of the Liberal Party. We should not let others carry the burden and the risks of protecting our country.
Quite a radical opinion about radicals.
Straw man argument. Your wife doesn't pay income tax because she has no income. Sutherland make millions of dollars annually and pays no Canadian taxes on his income. Obvious.
This concept sounds even more creepy and stalkerish than the original 'naughty or nice' concept.
Ford Nation is made up largely of ethnic/visible minority immigrants from suburban monocultures with deeply conservative values - cut taxes, etc.
Many blacks feel he did nothing, and many others will praise him no matter how badly he does simply because he is black.
Tap water and vaccines will cause much more brain damage than cannabis ever will. Remember, only Dopes call it dope.
Thanks Stew---- As a guy with lung cancer you are probably right.
One word people. Brexit. That is why you do not have a referendum.
Put a burger in people's hands, and the people will follow you anywhere, says the Ronald McDonald of politics.
Thats exactly the problem Matt.
An agnostic is still an atheist.
Working with Putin is the only way to move forward.
I was sitting at home overwhelmed about my son's report then a friend forwarded your article to meOh boy did it put everthing into perspective. Thanks!
If he meant what he says ' full responsibility' he would pass the torch.. which he should do.
oh? wait till you have cancer and it takes 18 months for an operation.
With a civil service appointee to replace the Chief Electoral Officer. You jest, of course - in finest Con fashion.
Well, valigal, if you can't bring any facts or critical thinking to the table, you can at least use the right-wing echo chamber to provide your thinking for you.
Apparently there are 2 of us at least.
Rifleman... this Pope would resurrect Communism.
interestingly, Florence Nightingale was a revolutionary of the day as a woman who volunteered bravely to deliver hygiene at military hospitals in the field in the Crimean War -mid-1800s.
Lost her citizenship card, and you said she had a Canadian passport but it expired. Something fishy here.
Clinton wasn't much better at the DNC, marching a bunch of illegals out to tell their sad stories. Meanwhile her ex-boss Barrack continued to send illegals home.
Publishing garbage because it is free.
Agreed. Especially for Belarus, those poor people are still suffering from a brutal dictatorship.
Sorry buddy. Too divisive within a culturally diverse mosaic gestalt, like that of Trawna.
To see a preview of 'Fractured Land' or to donate to it's production: www. indiegogo.com/fracturedland
It's always happened, but journalists don't like the real world very much.
Hydro power is renewable, then there's bio fuels... wind farms... Which are okay in your backyard?
Trouble is, when to go to Switzerland? If you wait til a stroke leaves you with hemiplegia, it will be too late. On the other hand, you don't want to jump the gun.
Agree. Last time there was a website that helped to vote strategically, with poll results for ridings, etc. Hope they have it again but I don't recall what it was called.
This is pretty disgusting. Men's rights have been beaten into the ground in the name of equality.
do you spend a lot of time talking to yerself?
The suicide rates on reservations in this country is many times the national average... just saying.
@happy: no actually the single payer option would actually be much cheaper, because it would give a much better bargaining option with the providersbut who needs thinking when we have opinions ?
Couldn't have said it better myself. We have an example of liberal rule and ineptness here in Ontario. Do we REALLY want that trainwreck on the federal stage?
Any time you see the name 'Allan Rock' now head of Ottawa University and former Liberal Party of Canada cabinet minister - run for the exits !!!
It's a term of abuse for people who aren't trangendered.
Yes, the folks in finance capital know that they 'can't fail' to be bailed out by would-be pensioners.
I look forward to PMSH leading the charge up Bunker Hill.
This is very well put!
Some Canadians are more equal than other Canadians such as LGBT Refugees Minorities First Nations Justinian Principle
If you think that is bad... ask a teenager to write a paragraph for you. You'll beat your head against anything hard in disbelief.
The peanut gallery has spoken. This one is right up there with 'Elect the Conservatives but not Harper.'
'Simple fact is this piepline won't get built.'--Actually, it will be built, under this government. Are you ever right? Even just by coincidence?
E SeldonAre you going to put her in a concentration camp, like you did the Japanese Canadians?
Thank you, Anonymous! www.tbnewswatch.com/news/260059/Anonymous-threat
And replace them with the party that brought the original legislation forward when they were in government?
And The Republicans have funnelled the $ to their friends. With The Tea Party saying it's not enough ...A down turn and the cupboard is bare. Definately 'World Class' in the current political environment.
But CC will campaign in her white hard hat once again and BCers will buy the sham. Looney.
But men have not had to do that, why do you expect women to? Women who work hard should not continue to be shut out because some dude wants to bring in his frat brother.
Really?? And where did you get your common sense ??
We who suffer from disability are ALL human at the end and we fucking have feelings! When the government takes away our rights like this we all feel we are just second class citizens to them.
Another wonderful read! Thanks Maggie!
We hope Lazeelink that the 4 people are literate enough to "get" her message even if it's entirely out of place this Canada Day :) Maybe those four will tip you better too when they return for a visit!
Maybe fools like you shouldn't have supported Bush-Cheney's criminal War on Iraq.
Almost all politicians are invertebrates. The PMO knows this and is unfazed by the feeble attempts made by the few politicians with spines to reform Parliament.
The people didn't leave the Liberals. Liberal Party left the people, a rump in Toronto and Montreal trying to tell the rest of Canada how to live and what to think.
Obama's 8 wasted years are as nothing when people think of Trump or Clinton as president. Hence his approval numbers.
Video fake? Ford would have called police right away.
"we should try to do everything possible to return her safely home." After two very long comments mostly scornful towards Huma Hoodfars, you get to the point. Good.
Everyone has the right to choose and the sooner legislation supports this the better.
There are no liberal politicians.
They can have their consciousness, just don't tell them about weapons
Hey Cait... try 'reading' the full article because no one knows the outcome at this time, the question of being expelled is part of this whole story. geeeesh.
We shouldn't mix-up the value of private sector unions with the extortionists that are public sector unions.
Have they closed comments?
With your absolute expert authority to question IMF motive, I have no further comments!
http://forward.com/news/344932/watch-black-zionist-slams-pro-palestinian-group-cites-arab-slave-trade/
Do you find our judges silly in black robes and wigs? Its called tradition and most people stick to it. Not all people are mangia cakes who lost their beliefs, values and traditions.
And if that voice says give us more billions of dollars - then I am still not listening .
You made me laugh! I had to think for a second, or two, then laugh!
StevenSecularists discriminated as well. A lot of segregation in the US was led by non religious secularists. Martin Luther King was a priest, remember?
The biggest role in the murder of the Beothuk was by the Micmacs.
It seems that mentioning two words ' equality' and ' pigmentation' in any sentence gets classified as an abuse by the censors. How thin skinned can these politically correct censors be?
Yes, because the press should be delving deep into the personal lives of every politician in Canada, right.
'Hitler is the victory!' But history records that he indeed was the victory, a big gigantic victory, economically and militarily, worshiped by Germans as a god. Until he invaded the USSR.
Interesting reasoning. No doubt you feel we should apply it in cases of human suffering as well. When disasters strike, when famines hit, when wars are afoot... if there's too many victims to treat them all humanely, we should euthanize them. Right?
What "results"?
I wonder how many physicians will decide to up and take off for the US again? just like the good ol' days!
Well if ISIS was as dangerous as Nazi Germany we might take them more seriously.
All fire hydrants are beholden to unions; otherwise their water supply would leak en route to street level.
That would be hypocritical! Harper put us another 170 billion in the hole.
Yeah, a true degenerate, like Chris Alexander.
Canadian Plasma Resources pays $25 for each plasma donation. Does that meet the WHO definition?
Trust me, us Conservatives are praying he does. Trudeau is toast once the campaigning starts. Incompetent airhead Junior Trudeau doesn't stand a chance.
As opposed to some other kind of matriarchy?
Also bent on the integration of Canada and the USA.
8 % of voters, You missed the point. it is 8 % of a small number. They didn't show up. Now they will take in in the neck,
What frightens me is that this is already our NATIONAL NEWSPAPER!
i hope Netflix never bends under our country's nosiness....they just want to figure out another way to tax us...and we are one of the highest taxed populations in the world.
And S. Harper didn't get beyond the mailroom in the only private sector job he ever had.
Why would anybody give you a thumbs down for a very precise and non offensive post? The believers are just not smart.
Thank you Jacques Corriveau.
Baird would be a nightmare as PM.
Ford is just another useless wannabee like Hudak for a job either could handle. Doug, your bother is why you'll never get to be Premier. Ontario would never take a chance that you would act like him in my opinion.
this may be apocryphal. Once in the house trudeau the elder claimed he could tell an oppostition member disagreed with him on an issue... he could hear his head shaking
Nor human decency.
Good lord, even the Globe editors knew Harper was rubbish....and were ridiculed for endorsing the CONS despite acknowledging this. And here is Konrad saying oh he wasn't so bad.
Very unlikely, actually. But Hilary may take her cue from Obummer and let Russia annex more land.
She's as nutty as Jeff Rubin.
Trump won't beg!! Didn't he recently advocate taking over oil producing fields. Doesn't get what he wants, invoke 'American First' and take them.
In the private sector you can go out of business.
My theory is that the Globe becomes more careful as they get close to publishing a big story. They deleted huge numbers of posts just before publishing their big Ford Family History story.
Bliss is a conservative and one time supporter of Harper. Gawd, how do you Harper propagandists stand to look at yourselves while shaving? Or are you too young to shave.
In most cases. Recycling is starting to do a very effective job.
does this author remind you of Doug Saunders in his leftism?
Why doesn't those who oppose a war with ISIS GO and negotiate with ISIS?
Really, attacking a commenter because he doubts the intellectual capacity of Tabatha? Wow!
Perhaps, sir, you would be kind enough advise your readers where there is an "all white" country.
Not the worst thing in the world for Harper if the Bloc siphons votes from the NDP and the Liberals. With almost no shot in Quebec, the enemy of his enemies has become his friend.
Fantastic article. Next up: tackling baby-raising Puritainism. I long for the day we stop, for instance, demonizing every woman who decides - for health reasons or otherwise - to bottle-feed rather than breast-feed her baby.
Stop with this 'elite' business. Are you really that insecure?
Or we could stop having children like Suzuki would like ,that of course excludes his large family.
Hey!! Don't we have a debt?
People would like the privilege of not being blown up or having their plane hijacked.
Nope, getting the government to assist is not the answer. That's why we have subsidized daycare, have full day kindergarten among other things. Who do you think pays for government ?I don't want to pay for your aspirations and children.
As I am sure you confirm to yourself, every-time you cross border shop, or head to Florida for the Winter, no doubt..
Bordering on rude? He must have been having an off night.
Tabatha writes satirical opinion pieces
Give Justin a chance, you may just see a repeat of Mr. Chretien.
monkey: are they going to take the oil with them too?
You use the word "denier" as an abusive slur. Your use of abusive language has destroyed whatever point you were attempting to make.
It's clear that the BC Liberals will become an extinct party soon ...they have become too corrupt and incompetent ...What do you think of the BC Conservatives Michael ?
I dare leftists make IMMIGRATION an election issue Justin will open the floodgates Mulcair will open it more Only Harper has a measured policy
Too bad you stuck around and made a jerk comment like this before you moved along.
Good God, what a pack of sheep! Dance like the media tells you, bleat out their lies! Too funny!
The only rolled-eyeballs I'm seeing are when 'terrorist threats' are mentioned. Nor I'm I noticing a 'jittery populace'.
well then lukecanada, what do you think of the media making hay with achmadenajad (sp) for the past 10 years? I mean, afterall, he had no power as you say. Why the hate on for the man?
No thanks - progressive income taxes - you know - the fair ones.
Give them drugs to stop the pain and suffering or why not let the doctors advise and help the next of kin help the patients die. Why put the onus on doctors alone?
Harris? Mike Harris?? You mean the guy who left the province with a $5.6 billion deficit??? Yea, right. They should force that SOB to work in Walkerton taking care of the families whose lives he ruined.
Is your moniker an attempt at tongue in cheek?
I guess the international media is getting a bit sick of the pretty boy also.
And in the Prime Minister's Office it seems.
People like you hold our youth back. Too many times I have heard the refrain "stop acting white" You may have dressed it up a bit but that's what you've said pride.
So what's your solution to finding more funds to build transit? Yes, liberals wasted money' so did the PC before, and the NDP before that. Doesn't change the fact we need new transit and need more revenue to pay for it
When it happens in a 'Free World' like the US, then to the Lefties in Hong Kong, this is NOT a problem. Only when it happens in China it becomes a huge problem.
For GM, losing a battle means taxpayers bailout.
You can guarantee that intellectuals always get it wrong.
Best post yet on the topic. Of course such realities of history seem beyond the sheeple to grasp.
'healthier?'Good one.
@Q You're absolutely right. You deserve the courtesy of a response.
Yes but they had over 8 months and did nothing and left this with the Liberals with time running out.
This reeks of the old cries of 'Adscam!'As the root poster noted there was a *lot* over the past ten years that the Globe and Mail should have been concerned with in regards to Mr. Harper.
I do follow the news. I haven't seen anyone yet provide a quote from him that supports the accusations of bigotry or any others that are often falsely levelled. But go ahead and change my mind with evidence.
Indeed, the CON supporters seem to think harper did something well, though the rest of the world is still trying to figure out what it was...
I have until Nov 13 after canceling my subscription. I see the petulant editorials are continuing.
Unite the Left will never work because the Liberals aren't leftwing. They are centrists. The NDP is leftwing.
Another simon frazer genius
And so a new orthodoxy was born.
Don227 - the facts listed by Simpson. Read the article again and you will see them laid out.
No, I don't get that impression at all. Most responders here seem to support a home/school sexual education plan.
Whatever makes you happy.
I think my point was missed here. What I meant was what would happen if the American President was born and lives outside of the U.S. and only rarely went there.
No. It would apply to prayers at school assemblies where students are being indoctrinated in one true religion. Those are mostly gone anyway. But it would not ban the creation of a space for voluntary prayer.
Yes, it's completely beside the point.
Good point, Karen. I used to live out West and have spent time in Alberta on business and for pleasure. Generally great, friendly people.
Have you noticed how much land and resources municipalities have as opposed to the land and resources provided to Indian communities? Bet you never considered that right?
Threatening to do it....is a negotiating ploy. Doing it....a whole other issue. if Hillary wins the American fallout shelter industry will boom (pun intended).
The majority of teachers are anti-gun and, at the college level especially, fascist. Use ex-military and/or police officers.
Chump, there is no benefit to paying interest.
'Betray all men'?Should I expect a burning cross on my front lawn?
And have the Americans pay for it.
Harper is doing a great job keeping Greenpeace and their climate change cult at bay.
Better anal than vaginal... she won't end up pregnant! Because if she's as drunk as you're implying, they probably won't use condoms either.
Intelligence and education.
You labelled one or more Supreme Court judges as extremists. That is a serious allegation. Then, you refuse to name those you are accusing. That is irresponsible, by any standard.
He learned from his dad, it's about the ladies.
So much truth in that trewsy report! Russell Brand spoke to a sane viewpoint. Nice recommendation.
So Ms. Wente - what's the future if Trudeau is the past? You left us hanging...
Loon-A-Tick 6 thumbs up for someone who can't spell off! _ The thumbs up was not for the spelling Nice try The thumbs up was for Ontario being better off with Hudak And you know it
Today, talking about taking the high road seems a little quaint. Who's up there?
Yes, all they have to do is be the exact opposite of who they really are. And repudiate everything they have done over the last fifteen years. An ugly choice, but their only way back.
You pay a tiny fraction of the cost of building and maintaining a road system through gas taxes.
Why would Harper, open to the idiotic accusations you suggest, open himself up for that? Get your tinfoil hat out... ret@rds...thank goodness we have a REAL government now. Justine would take the terrorists white water rafing...
perhaps we should all cover our faces especially in public places such as border entry points, banks, for drivers licences, in stores and so on. We could all certainly circumvent the laws of the land a lot easier if no one could identify us.
Trudeau's comments were not 'unfortunate', they were right on the money! www.learningtolearn-differently.com/2/post/2013/04/getting-to-the-root-of-things.html
The base argument is clear. The justices are not elected yet they are making law. That should be the discussion.
Yeah, let's give the police more discretionary power. (Ladies, nothing to worry about)
Well, Ms. Wente, the European Union has banned neonics because their research showed that it was harmful to bees. Are you saying that all of Europe is now in a conspiracy against the pesticide companies?
The OP have gotten a 40% pay raise since the liberals took power.
Put a period after 'fascist'.
The neo-con's twist Marx, Freud or the Bible to fit any sort of pragmatic narrative they dream up to get more taxes and power. Marx is saying humans can be molded and nurtured into any sort of person or robo.
Justin, the boy wonder, speaks again on terrorism. His stammering starts about the 3:10 mark. This does not inspire confidence. The MSM will ignore it though. h--p://www.sunnewsnetwork.ca/video/the-politics-of-terrorism/2416359752001
Yikes. Is this what passes for logic in Ford Village? Should have finished public school, le bloc.
No, what happens is that the middle wages stay almost the same and then people complain that they could make the same amount flipping burgers - but they don't actually quit their job and flip burgers.
...& stellar hypcrisy no doubt... what a colossal putz
Secret memo from PM Harper to the RCMP: 'You did what I told you regarding charging Nigel now you'll do what I tell you about the fur hats..... OR ELSE!!!!!!'
Rod Sheridan - and men.
Yes, it seems this article is advocating hemming and hawing for a lot longer before anything is actually done.
Simpson's article is the lament of the Laurentian Elites as their stronghold on our national politics evaporates.
Stop pretending to be a conservative, cause you are not!
I take it then you condone theft and fraud which is what these employees are doing when they have their buddy punch in for them.
Stupid citizens... how dare they...
And btw the eugenics thing, is wasn't racist. The belief and acting upon it is/was beyond evil and horrendous.
No need to worry. If TWU's graduates follow Mr. Stackhouse's exhortation to apply the golden rule, they will be spectacularly unsuccessful in their chosen profession.
well... there's no bias in this comment... and no mention of pandas either...
I'm a UEL Canadian and I LOVE Richmond. I have no problem with the diversity - it's the very thing that makes it attractive to me. When I first moved to Vancouver, Richmond was boring - much more interesting now. Great food too.
HEAR HEAR!!!
Be happy they did not all arrive at once.
I agree wholeheartedly with your last sentence. How can that not be a win/win?
@Prog Please, don't insult me.
'There is no honesty left in the Western mainstream media. Just brainwashing and globalist propaganda'Don't worry, you've still got the truth tellers at RT and Sputnik News.
Deportation from Harperland is looking better and better.
You're mixing up annual entitlements with one-in-a-lifetime ones (e.g. marriage leave).
Harper signs co- opposition agreements with NDPers... Liberals not so much.
And looking ineffectual is going to do more damage than if we'd done nothing.
'So stop being an apologist for the Conservatives and the Corporate sector. It is not becoming of you.' - merecatmerecat, you make me laugh a bit. This is precisely her job!
What you are saying Down is that 35 % 0f Canadians are brain washed idiots, with a collective IQ of 50.
I wish someone would eat her picture... So tired of seeing it on every article she writes about.
I think you are wrong.
' I just want to hear a simple explanation for why the managerial state is not a bandit state.' - J.M. Coetzee, ' Diary of a Bad Year '
How do you know they are healthy? I get tired of people who think the only disability is a mobility disability.
sshhssh. This too shall pass.
Then why do you read, much less comment on them? BTW, it's not 'anti-Trump' to quote word for stupid word, everything Trump is saying. Trump is destroying himself.
Are you still standing on the bridge railing?
Did Canada suffer from the Dutch disease now the Canadian Ruble is sinking so low?
You are free to believe at your church\synagogue\mosque. Why should one faith be included in the school system?
Legally, would be my first priority - why isn't it yours?
Begs the question as to how the Trump posts all got two dozen upvotes in the first five minutes, then never get any more, doesn't it?
I never thought witchcraft would make a comeback but apparently it has in the form of climate spooks
Why reference Trudeau? With a house full of children, we know he isn't a virgin. Just a guess, but a 50 year old virgin won't play well with the masses. Catholic or not.
Have you ever voted or lived in one? I've lived in Australia, and most of the utterly useless politicians are the party hacks put into Parliament by PR...
You are sick... man. Consult a doctor asap.....
This has nothing to do with the topic actually.
Couldn't agree more with you. Who took them off their meds???
OK Just call me NemoYou seem to have a handle on the flow of money. Considering the state of Alberta's economy, where has all our oil money gone? Or do they broach that subject at Theocon school.
That long list of Harpers transgressions is pretty sickening. But consider just how much the Conservative party is now hated by a growing number of voters, and there's your answer.
As the barber says: 'Father's name, Mother's brain'.
Disciplined being the operative word here.
Not with the right wing billionaires who own the paper and guide its editorials.
No amount of land can fix stupid.
remember if you do not want Sharia Law then never vote for NDP
And the government finances are all red.
There is a deliberate propaganda drive occurring, to produce the types of reactions that you're seeing (some of those posters may even be presenting those sentiments falsely, to influence others).
Consumers have the power to change things. Simply buy only pork that is ethically farmed, preferably free range and/or organic. Show your concern by supporting farmers who farm in this way.
@sethWhat part of my posting is incorrect? Why the personal attack? This is so typical from a NDP/Union Party supporter/worker.I wonder why?
Voice of 'Reason' hasn't met many women I figure.
Don't count on it lasting.
You'd be a real test for a standup act.
Ah ha! So that big, bad man was a Doctor!
Blunt but true.
So, he was fired because of .........
No good can come from a 'War against Sin.'
Definitely they won't react immediately. But let's remember the main victim here, Marius the giraffe!
And cousin Clear Lee.
And you think women have a duty to make the world a more attractive place, do you? It's that kind of attitude that is one reason some women decide to wear head coverings.
$700 million.. Proof?
She must have made a donation to you know who.
What is it with harper appointed Senators and their expense accounts?
Judging by your prolix comment, Dante, this has you pretty steamed up. But if the authors do this to you, why not turn your attention somewhere else?
Your attempted leap of 'logic' got tangled up in a partisan pretzel machine.
I don't live in Toronto and I've been to the Sault. No thanks. I'll take Toronto any day over that backwater.
we'll chalk you up for, 'it's too hot to care and I think I'm the only one who sees some of the flaws... let someone else fix it ...I'm staying home'
Forget manhandling-how about 'personhandling'...because it's 2016! Seriously folks, this electing someone because of their name instead of competency was bound to backfire...
there is of course a difference....as he explained in the interview at the time, if David Suzuki was able to, he actually would make it a crime for a democratically elected political leader to not take the actions he demands regarding global warming
Tell me, whom would you prefer. Mr. Harper?
To Rifleman1010: Did you not read the article? Francophone blacks were't offended, only anglophone blacks, who have learned it is offensive.
The Thomsons should stop writing editorials. They are clearly incapable of remembering what they've written in the past.
As will mine. The nonsensical editorial endorsement of the Conservative Party was pretty much the last straw. This just confirms it.
So called clean economy of ethanol, wind turbines, CF light bulbs, solar panels, and biomass has been an environmental and economic disaster for Germany, Spain, Denmark and Ontario with absolutely no measurable impact on climate.
Not sure what your point is. American billionaires with agendas openly making the decisions of the people is oligarchy. It doesn't change the fact that there is almost no chance that we'll keep warming under 2 degrees.
Yes, but the rest of us don't have the ability to publish stories in the papers.
When Rand Paul looks normal, we're in trouble. But you're right - he does look saner than most.
Or a Liberal....
Not disagreeing that more Canadians are liberal than conservative, but we live in a diverse plural system whereby just because your views are not in the majority doesn't make one less Canadian than someone who is.
That was nice to read.
he shouldn't be striving for 'ideological diversity' because he shouldn't be paying attention to ideology because that shouldn't be over riding the facts in a court room
Hilary got $675K for three 45minite speeches so guess who she is beholden to.
they are mostly women and children
'He was on his way to being King of the News ? the next Peter Mansbridge, but hotter, hipper and even more connected.'He seemed very stiff and lame any time I was watching. Which wasn't often.
News flash - there is no such thing as 'deserving' an income !
Thumbs up for everyone! Let's play nice - at least until we know what the new govt. will do.
Residential schools were an attempt at CULTURAL genocide, ridding Canada of aboriginal languages and cultures by indoctrinating First Nations kids. It was NOT a warm-hearted attempt to widen the horizons of those children!
Do you think for one second we couldn't get by without those toys? Look who is smug.
Jason, Sooner or later any discussion of gender dysphoria will see someone make a post like this. It's just as juvenile now as it was the first time I saw it years ago.
Not very many BC liberals get elected on the islands either.
We can only hope that you're right!!
Carnie? What on earth for?
What else can you expect from the intellectual midgets in the Conservative ranks?
boneless - EXACTLY !!
No...It's not like you contribute anything....
You seem to thing a large population brings untold happiness. If that was true then why don't we see people lining up to move to India or China?
You're lying. Print the actual quote.
That iis not the Justin way.
It is well past time to consolidate the Maritime Provinces into one. The desire for so many (politicians) to be big fish in tiny ponds is the most significant major barrier.
So much partisan garbage from people who have no idea what's going to happen.... But Hill may be the most corrupt US Presidential candidiate EVER ! ABC
Since the Brexit vote last June some 25 countries have come forward and expressed interest in doing a deal with the UK. Top of the list is a Trump-led US. No, G&M free trade is not in trouble where reliable, democratic, honest partners are willing.
We should not have even been there to start with. But with 9/11 who knew who the enemy was initially. Turns out it was the Saudis. I didn't see any bombs fall on they though.
The adjacent article mentions rising oceans due to climate change but the fact is the oceans have risen 20 inches in each of the last 3 centuries. All I can say, don't let the facts get in the way of a good story.
harper pre-cheating in advance
a curious and silly false dichotomy: we must choose between hmmmm.... Trump and ISIS.
His dad was a smart, smart man.
The available evidence points to Trudeau being smarter than either Harper or Mulcair.
The shoe will be on the other foot when their numbers are large enough to crumble the infrastructure, then we will be equivalent to an African country or middle eastern country. The west has nothing to gain from taking these people in.
visagrunt, there isn't a single solitary member of the Quebec government that doesn't know that the Constitution Act, 1982 is binding on Quebec. The fact that you don't know that sheds light on the rest of your comment.
Coalition bombing did not 'start' a civil war in Libya. It was well under way. It helped end it. Obama didn't stick around to provide support, however, so civil war has re-ignited.
No, Trump is running a white supremacist campaign. If half the American population wasn't full of dummies, then Trump would have been turfed long ago.
Why don't you go ask her ? Just be forewarned that Sir Edmund Percival Hillary KG ONZ KBE achieved International notoriety for climbing Mount Everest on 29 May 1953 while Hillary Clinton was born on 26 October 1947.
Thanks, Jack, for your thoughtful, evidence-based, contribution.
The sad reality is that instead of embarrassing the government it would embarrass the FN.
so what, that doesnt justify tax money bail outs
Certainly is damaging but only confirming what many have been saying.
Hmmm.. sounds more like Ontario.
'Trudeau?s Senate move is bold, but not in the spirit of reform'There is more than one way to reform the Senate. Mr. Trudeau's concept of reform seems easier and more easily achieved than the 'spirit of reform' as conceived by other parties.
LOL there TFC
Political extremism and laziness. It's easier to demonize someone else than think critically and made logical decisions.
'this will only end badly. Mr Ford will either end up dead from substance abuse or in jail.'As long as it ends. I don't think Toronto deserves this much agony and disrespect from this insufferable moron of a man.
#jesuis(insert your town here)
We had it, Canadace. About 10 years of it.
Agreed....More apologist coffee house crap.
They aren't? How are they harmful? I can see no way in which they are harmful...
Not one mention of the US role in attacking Cuba's economic base. One more entirely poor accounting of history. Facts don't matter unless they are we warped for some opportunistic political message apparently.
Canadians have gone to Syria to join ISIS. That's the first step right there.
Modern day politically correct Trojans encouraging the importation of Islamic 'wooden horses'.
The one that was created by residential schools?
"cities with lower percentage of immigrants have higher rates of crime." That is one broad generalization and I don't even think you have the stats to back it up. It also depends by region where the immigrants came from.
As opposed to massive debts created by the Ontario Liberals.
he was tying to point out the carbon footprint he left behind hopping from one to the other while lecturing the world on the use of the same carbon
Excellent editorial - and a sad reflection of the state of FN culture to boot !But given the intransigence of FN 'rights', legalistic hair splitting, a politically correct judiciary - why would anybody want to intervene ?
J632: If you strip out the brainwashed evangelical Christians and their US-Republican preaching, and the gun nuts, virtually nobody voted for the Conservatives. There was al sorts of polling on this issue.
YOU have no right to tell ME what I can eat. The very idea you have that you think you have this right is what concerns me the most.
Wait until he finds out the number of Russians that are actually in his own riding!
They are white men, so will never be media darlings.
Anything for a buck in the pharma business.
In 2001 the price of oil was around $25 a barrel. Our dollar was around $.65US. We paid 60 cents for a litre of gas. Now we're paying 90 cents and all other inputs are roughly the same. But there's no price fixing in Canada remember.
"We're just vermin..." I'll thank you to speak for yourself, please. Consider that without people, nothing that happened on this planet would have any meaning.
http://everytown.org/mayors/ ..............mayors against gun violence. I don't understand why there is so much resistance in the States in keeping guns out of the hands of criminals, terrorist and the mentally ill.
And the Liberals that propped up Harper during his minority?
Old news. Anyone finding glee in this is a HYPOCRITICAL LEFTIST SELF righteous idiot. who take their hate and venom to the grave
Mulroney... a lawyer... and Martin....daddy's money....what is it with Lieberals and daddy's with money?? Champaign socialists....has Martin ever put Canadian flags on any of his ships?
When the data is unclear, and the person being inspected is uncooperative with the inspections required by the UN, who you believe pretty much depends on your assumptions.
Jamaica is a very nice country, hell Canadians go there for vacation.
If you start with Alberta then we're getting somewhere.
Two sacred cows right there. It''ll never happen.
And come next year, Canada will be feeling the pain. No more hugs for Justin.
Not at all. The Baltic states want NATO forces on their soil. The Cubans had no choice.
Bob - the opinions of 'experts' dont matter one bit. The proposed Quebec charter will only be unconstitutional if and when the Supreme Court rules it so. Until then it is all just opinion.
Barbara, you'd be surprised how little government departments know about such things and how poorly information is shared.
You are correct. Ms. Wente didn't even read (or understand) one of the scientific summaries that she even linked to in support of her argument. The information in that same document says the exact opposite of what she is claiming.
'Social media' is a sewer, and there are rats in sewers.
And this is G&M editorial that endorsed Steve and his robo calling crew for many years
AB RWHow many Babies from unplanned pregnancies have you and your congregation adopted lately? God is watching you, you hypocrite
Evolution of thought.
Harper 'allowed' 5 questions from the main media. Each question should have been the same. 'Why are you limiting the people's right to question its government? You want to lead this great country, stand and answer a few questions.'
They already have a name that indicates that: First Nations.
Altruism is a characteristic of truly socialist Communist countries?
Currency wars, in which currencies race each other to the bottom to boost their exports, cause great depressions.
They built 4 more last year. Our request was denied.
The photos of Harper hugging Trudeau and Mulclair are some of the most hypocritical photo ops I have ever seen.
Kenny, you have hit this one out of the park!
A mediator/referee is inherently a leader also.
US could win in the air and on the sea but never on land.
This is typical across all sectors in Canada. You cannot build anything new and you cannot demolish anything old without having to fight with some special interest group.
Revolts can still happen - the Progressive Conservatives forced Brian Mulroney to turn over power and Paul Martin successfully scuppered Jean Chretien.
Jeez, Trump comping you at one of his hotels?
1) Who could vote 2) How electoral funding was conducted 3) Limitations on Election Canada's oversight. http://www.theglobeandmail.com/opinion/the-fair-elections-act-is-ever-so-telling/article18021234/
because she is a lame columnist, mediocre and trite.
Mojo in Indian Courts:* If you kill somebody, you should be hanged, if you're not my Caste* If you kill somebody, you did it in self-defense, if you're my Caste.
If you have no data, you have no argument. I could equally well state that being out and about with other people will quickly build up you resistance to various things.
I hope they select Martin Singh to replace Tom.
Nobody has died from smoking pot but the war on drugs has killed many.
G.D. What is the source for your comment other than a "gut feel".
Wherever the political power of police is strong, police abuses will also be more common.
I recommend reading Thomas Walkom in The Toronto Star. The only commentator so far who seems to have read the document. Most of the others are practicing herd journalism.
Wake up Ibitson! The American decline started a long time ago. China and Russia have taken over the geopolitical agenda of the world.
I said the same when Mulcair was first elected from Outremont, one of the oldest QC Liberal seats in the country....
Kathleen is whistling past the graveyard she and the Liberals built. Glad to hear she's so proud of it. Some people are stupid, some are greedy. The dangerous one's like Dear Kathleen are both.
Are we allowed to mention Israel's 100+ nukes?
Well thank God for that then. The Arctic Ocean isn't melting and therefore bitumen can't be shipped out of northern ports., and we don't need icebreakers and a naval presence in the North. What brilliant rationale WEEEEEEEE.
Perhaps you should watch the video and count the number of times they want to ban the word. As usual the irony escapes them.
All tax evaders should be pursued. Those of us who are diligent about declaring our income and paying taxes demand as much.
Did they KNOWINGLY and WILLINGLY enter into those relationships? Young women married to the 'CLAN' chief. I doubt that it was consentual.
No one disputes the heart break of this old distinguished gentlemen. Just saying that comparisons from now back almost 100 years is no comparison.
Teachers, educational workers, caretakers etc. had no increase since 2011. Education spending was flat lined to accommodate all day kindergarten.
Ridiculous. Tax bracket information is available to everyone.
there are guidelines for postingread themrule of lawcivil societygood manners
Booo hoooo Drip drip drip drip...... Life beyond bias big media is coming to an end comrades, what will you do?
Yes we don't want a WSIB claim for a back injury.
scott- what is your focus/thesis?
The Saudi Arabians have offered Germany to build hundreds of mosques. Yet the Christian churches in Saudi Arabia are not allowed churches, clergy are not allowed to dress in clerical collars.
Thank you for Hanne's story. What a shame, though, that she had to travel to Vancouver to find a doctor who would help her.
'accept an economic order', 'somehow'
If you think that this government has less/more right to govern, you have not been involved enough in politics. Good thing that I am not cynical.
Bush has not been president since January 2009....
well hard to say these days it might be more Trudeau but either or will do
It's interesting how you can dissect an ideology like Communism or Nazism and point out why it's followers are incompatible with democracy, but you can't do the same for a religion. Why is it that religion is immune from debate or reason?
@IvyW: and, besides being so full of yourself, how do you contribute to Canada that you think you should have a say in choosing its government?
Guess you haven't been keeping up on recent events ...
Wow, Bruce
Oh ya - now that makes perfect sense.
Second that!
Very well said
True, and at the federal level here. Apparently even more Canadians would vote for Trudeau Liberals today. The victim/entitlement narrative is touching a cord with far too many Canadians for their own good, ultimately.
Remember Harper's waste of money for G8 G20 photo-op: 1.2 BILLION. Not enough was ever said or done about that.
You know what? I would have really appreciated it if the Globe and Mail would have told me Gordon Gibson is associated with, works for that venerable, wonderfully moderate extreme right wing think tank, the Fraser Institute. Zealots.
Odd comment, MacDiarmid. Brian Gallant was called to the bar on June 11, 2008 and practiced law for a couple of law firms before first being elected. I'm pretty sure he finished his articles before doing that.
Ontario government some years ago. It was rejected out of hand by Dalton McGinty.
Please see my post of 9:15 today.
Here's the linkwww. timescolonist.com/cmlink/gmg/canadian-press/news/national/winnipeg-school-division-says-it-had-no-role-in-barring-media-from-trudeau-event-1.145452/
Both. Destitute -- no vision, no ethics, no morals, no saying anything anyone believes. Desperate -- cue the outsider -- his 'Hail Mary' moment.
I don't know about that. You have what you have there because you worked hard and created that wealth. You earned your prosperity. You structured your insitutions properly. No one handed anything to Canada on a silver platter.
The Sun just sucks regardless of which nut bar they have on or what they rant about as the women are just as looney as the men. I can't help but wonder if its in the water or the mad cows but something is seriously tilted to the extreme.
I don't hate Jews, I hate Zionist thieves, warmongers and Squatter terrorists.
sea monkey has it. Good job.
Why would the Greens of Brandon-Souris want to vote Liberal? What did Chretien and Martin do for the environment except talk. Sadly, weather events are on the side of the Greens; they will be vindicated; hope it is not too late for civilization.
Are you from Canada?
Chiapethewise if you think Doug Saunders is a socialist you don't have any clue about the meaning of that word.
That is how Fordo got voted in because of people like you with simple agenda.
You mean the bad guys will now know where to look for him ?
The Liberal media is scared of what people really think. It's why censorship is so rampant.
Read up on the facts concerning Abuses of the Temporary Foreign Worker Program & current investigations in the Food Industry; Educate oneself to the facts instead of swallowing this half-baked Opinion G&M gaseous-fluff -- wholesale...
and it is cold today in my back yard therefore GW is a farce.
drkrawYou are absolutely correct and your scenario is the norm, not the exception.
It's not a battle of wits when one of them is a dimwit.
Scum Arabia is exactly that. Iran offers hope for the future and could become mainstream even more then Turkey, scum arabia never so.
Well Said!
An add on. These are the numbers from 2015, complete with short synopsis of each case. https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/national/police-shootings/
Junior is so naive it is both embarrassing and dangerous
Better fix your (tinfoil) hat
Um...there a lot of Blacks, Chinese, Jews, etc that not only follow hockey but play it as well. Take a trip to a local minor hockey league game and you'll see a lot of what the progressives like to call diversity.
It was a big improvement over the mail room clerk.
.....then please explain to the rest of how Switzerland has survived all these years without the generous benefits of EU membership?
A well crafted article, thanks. Or to borrow from Pogo: 'We have met the enemy... and he is us'.We gloat when we get what we think is a great price, then point fingers at everyone but ourselves when something like this goes horribly wrong.
If there is a benefit to them, why not show it? If there is no benefit, then why waste the time on negotiating?
And who canonized him?
Instead of stopping people from taking the own lives why don't we actually address the elephant in the room for once? Why are so many people finding life so unbearable they chose to end it and what as Canadians can we do to help our friends, neighbors and our children.
NO! NO! NO! Not even an option!! Let #HeilHarper send Ben and the daughter to war if that's what he wants!!
Yep. But in (i.e.) India they can't switch easily. Godawful conditions.
Putin's soldiers invaded Ukraine. That's more than a poke. It's called a war.
Cry me a river! The long form census was a pain to fill out and a violation of my privacy. I don't want the government to have too much information on me. How do you think the Nazis knew where to round up the Jews.
Ralph was one hell of a man did what he said and said what he did. Rest easy
LOL! ... so obviously we should bill the rest of the world for their share. Are they not benefiting from the great man?
At some point it might be necessary for the Supreme Court to speak directly to Harper on the issue of trifling with the courts time for publicity purposes. This has to be Harper's 5th trifle? Or is it his 7th trifle?
'Further they do not understand that by hating all Muslims they are responsible for the increase of 'lone wolfs' '---Don't count on this as a defense strategy in a murder trial. It works well in Social Engineering, but holds no legal water.
I feel I should add that your point that this editorial is out of sync with people is contradicted by the scoring on these comments....
Just as it took a Nixon to go to China it may well take a Bibi to go to Palestine. Unlikely as it seems at the moment, a lifelong hawk in his fourth term, looking for a legacy, might surprise us all.
Gone WAY too far - public crudeness that is.People running up to yell obscenities in public places. Being way rude just to be 'f' hilarious' in a self absorbed way. Grow up & be an adult before you apply for a grown up's job.
You know perfectly why!
Well if they're reading on the Internet, it's not eBooks as the author explains, so what is it? My kids and their friends have read a lot of books and they can talk intelligently about them but they read real, tangible books, not electronic.
You're Mr. Delusional.
Actually, Ford Nation are the people who will get Rob Ford elected to a second term next year, quite possibly with an even larger majority.
carbon tax will not affect the rich they can afford to keep on using carbon the poor on the other hand must use less carbon tax means the poor people make the sacrifice to save the planet the rich just carry on as usual, carbon costs more, so what
Your posts are always excellent !And actually factual .... however such challenges are beyond the grasp of a STEM ignorant political establishment.
And 35% of provincial revenues come from the federal government.
Their souls seem different. One tries, and fails. The other doesn't even try.
Got to the Rick Mercer rant or Huffington Post. Well respected journals, both of them.
Already does that.
the term 'Criminal minds' is now updated to 'Sociological minds'
The fact you don't realize the power at the centre of Brussels IS in fact elected speaks way more that anything you actually said - unfortunately.
Nixon claimed 'I am not a crook' - Harper is a crook!
And Kevin O'Leary's nonsense? How do you explain that away?
Ever notice that nobody ever raises the fact that all CONSERVATIVE governments lie, lie, lie - as everyone just assumes that is the case and has accepted it. __________ There, fixed the obvious error for you.
Please try not to be obsessed with our PM. You need to go see a doctor.
Sea to the Dea: you call Junction a "leftist hack," yet you play the race card. Interesting.
Electricity does not heat Houses Seth... Natural gas does... unless you are still on Bunker Fuel oil in your outdated place?
Harper is guileless and the media allow him to pretty much get away with murder, always have.
Its not ART. Its CRAP.
Not read her real history, have you? But maybe reading isn't your forte?
Looks like spanking will now only be legal between consenting adults...
Schools are paid for and supported out of "Ministry of Education" budgets.
If you have nothing to hide, you have nothing to fear......unless someone in the government THINKS you have something to hide. Then you've got lots to fear, as has been demonstrated over and over again.
Bigfire45 : That's your scientific response
PM's do this stuff, ask ex PMSH.
Truth hurts. Even liberal hacks know how hypocritical this is.You can afford your TWO nannies Justin, damn well pay for them yourself.
I have a book titled' Discarded Science-Ideas that seemed good at the time...' Educated Canadian should read it.
Uh.. there was a financial meltdown you know. That was not Harpers doing. Was it the Libs??
Either one chooses beliefs and blind faith, or one chooses verifiable knowledge obtained through observations and experiments. I said 'verifiable'.
I don't touch the stuff - cannot stand the taste - too sweet ...
$30 thousand x 3 and that's just the start! Wake up! Carbon tax, payroll tax - do we need to spell everything out Exedus from reality?
you mean tarsands
You mean this kind of truth? 6% truth. http://www.politifact.com/personalities/donald-trump/
@jlavo You're in need of some facts: h$ttp://www.fairvote.ca/myth-2-will-my-mp-be-appointed-or-accountable2/
She has already taken him to court in a civil case and been awarded a settlement. Bill's adversary is the state, not this woman.
115 comments in and I don't see an anti- referendum comment in positive territory. Canadians are democratic, we may want change, but not without a vote.
This sounds like an ad from the Power Workers of Ontario.
Progressive - please explain why the FBI did not charge her.
The best thing TonyClement could do for his party is resign.
Let's celebrate death!! Hip-hip hooray!!
Who is Desrocher? And why is science always about the players instead of the facts with you?
Stay the course, Harper. The majority of Canadians don't approve of the niquab and are aware of the dangers stemming from a very violent religious book. Those who have a problem with rooting out Islamic extremism are not wanted.
What nauseating perversion of perforative proportions. The Clintons's have been brutalized by people who believe pervasive life long corruption, and profiteering on the backs of the deplorably poor, is wrong. It's a terrible state.
Can I smoke one with you, hold your hand and chant Kumbaya?
Your ' privilege'
From Qu?bec city; it is interesting to read that the rest of Canada has found a voice on the PQ's aspirations.
The site you refer to was founded by Andrew Breitbart - who was a Jew and pro-Israeli. Bannon served in the military as a naval officer and had a successful career as an investment banker. The hysteria in the liberal press is unfounded.
Calgary is about 80 km. east of Dead Man's Flats.
Germany is restarting coal or nuclear plants (cant remember which) as a result of failed green policies. Not to say green is bad, but I would not use Germany as a role model.
Perhaps she gets away with it because her view is correct? In m opinion it is, so chew on that for a while. And while you are at it stop inflicting your own 'twisted and warped opinion of morality' on us.
No need for Canadians to be concerned about ISIS terrorism. After all only Muslimcountries and Muslims are impacted. Right friend of Muslims?
Stephen Harper has been a good Prime Minister. We had Paul martin who could not deside which side of the issue he wanted. Leadership is about making discisions and living with them. Justin is not ready
Many people aren't Prime Ministers !
The smartest people that I know share two characteristics - they realize that others may well be very smart too and they listen a lot.
It won't make it any harder than it already is. Other than those with medical conditions, humans do not need to eat animals. In fact, at least a billion people go about their lives without ever killing animals for food.
$15 an hour for a glorified babysitter to not teach math seems appropriate to me.
Any choice with no restrictions? Who has the option of any choice which happens to suit your frame of mind at any given moment?
The problem is that none of these corrupt politicians face jail time for the incompetence, deceit & lies. Instead they are retired with a handsome pension. Until we demand laws that make them accountable or else, nothing will change.
The financial sink hole of the UN makes the Wynne Government look positively Thatcherite in its austerity.
A journalist has no obligation to present the false side of a story.
Just a conspiratorial old fart.
Dumb as a big bag of rocks, that's how stupid they are, gullible too.
WARD NEEDS ANOTHER DRINK
You would have to be pretty stupid (or desperate) to want to work under cowardly, anti-American Obamination.
That's right. Keep up the division and hate... you have nothing else.
Your Caps Lock is still on.
When you're addicted to something there is a lot of denial. Both govt and public guilty of this.
Ah, yes. More advice from those who live in ivory towers and proclaim they know better than anyone else. Regardless of their fulminating, decisions by the people, for the people are the essence of a democracy!
What of the prisons? Are there no workhouses?
"Opposition to renewable energy projects is indeed a growing concern. " Only to the "Greent@rdation energy scammers" and green Kool-Aid swilling eco-twits....
Aww, good for you, Jimbo5. Most of the left-wing posters are now too embarrassed to voice their support for Justin or were paid posters and fired after the election.
Stephen Harper: NOT UP TO THE JOB
It is the same in the US: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Freedom_of_speech_by_country#United_States
OMG, Now even Wente is shilling for Junior, the G&M whips must be out...
Which races are making the comments? Surely, it's not exclusive to white people.
Tell us all how this has affected you Marty.
No. It is a valid voting procedure and is counted. The worst action is not to show up at the polls.
yes, Couillard has been tough on the budget and serious about long-term and infrastructure financing; the result is a reported $1 billion QC surplus to close 2015, so progress is being made, at a price
I think you PO'd a person in technology who doesn't know what you have posted, because they never learned it.
Yes he needs to start hustling the average Joe out his money just like Hillary Clinton.
Reading the comments here, I am so happy that we have a new government of well educated people in tune with our time, rather than the previous bunch of unhappy people yearning for a defunct past of limited expectations.
Agreed - it's like that oft-repeated and never proven bit about Cons being sound fiscal managers. Why isn't our media substantiating it, instead of constantly repeating it, such that many will believe it to be true?
Peladeau and Marois are true 'one per centers'- they are in it for their egos.
Amen to that.
Harper gets anything less than a majority and he pulls a Prentice. After that anything is possible
Bad judgement on Harper's part to push out people who had been slavishly loyal to him and who now are as mad as Hell at him.
We dont want educated. We want the most dependent ones, so trudeau can look like a hero on the world stage
Whatever your position on transgender is as soon as ROB FORD says something on the subjectyour position will be just the OPPOSITE of his
The press protects Hillary (CNN - Clinton National News) to the point that they are lying to the world. They only report sunny ways and days when it comes to Hillary - oh! just like GM does with Junior Trudeau !
Actualy they whispered ' Remember that thou art mortal.'
A thoughtful comment, but I think we can do better.
We should consider a carbon tax. RIGHT AFTER China and India implement theirs.
'Why did our PM choose to present that image' ? The same reason that snakes slither. He can't not make everything about himself and his self importance.
It's job preservation - for the university system as it presently exists ..
Yes - before Harper decides to call his gang the Royal Canadian Government and erects the Red Ensign.
You are correct. To much Quebecois ' we are the champions' rah rah which is an emotional unreality.
Bitter much?
Yes, it is true cons are low effort thinkers and that is exactly why they take umbrage with this article
Yeah! He sold out to the almighty $! Vote him out next year!
Rogue Chimp, you crack me up. The Center for Disease Control is not 'junk' science. It is the package inserts for vaccines, put out by the US government. Does your handle reflect the size of your noodles?
Soknacik indicated that, if anything, the things that made him leave are now heightened.
What a snooty Canadian pile of trash this article is. Let's face it if Americans were walking over the border smuggling guns and weapons into Canada turning border towns into crime centres Canadians would be clamoring for a wall from the US as well.
Interesting observation zbolt. And Mark, I think that this phenom: 'This seems like a strange turnaround from his critical remarks upon quitting Statistics Canada,' would be explained by his going into the business.
Same problems faced by almost every empoverished demographic on the fringes of society, including men.
So you're offended (by a joke, but apparently that was too subtle for you) but you have a problem with other people being offended by something you want to say? Interesting....
nice job, mr. mayor. your sweet deal to the police union has resulted in the same for the firefighters. next? the ttc which you declared 'essential' will get just as big a raise through arbitration. idiot.
The NDP aren't crazy about Trudeau's unacceptable culture of pot in a democracy anymore that their former co -opposition Reformicators.
What might work? Education about the cost, benefits and risks of violent political action. The expected return on most violent political action is negative.
The HarperCons already bankrupt us fiscally and morally.
The new economy grows from the heart, is feeling based, and has no need for science.
Canada doesn't afford a carbon tax until our competitors (US, Mexico ,Korea etc) enact similar ones. Simpson says we have been overweight on carbon, of course we have a low population in a very large cold weather country what else would we be ?
I suspect that Harper and co will simply continue to say that the budget will be balanced, ignoring the report.
That's quite the intelligent counterargument you offered.
Time to jump ship before it sinks into oblivion. A political opportunist - it must be pretty bad when a key leader quits. How many years will it take to clean up the mess these guys leave behind!
?I?m not black,? they would say, ?I?m Somali.?More likely - they would say - I'm a muslim
Try the veal, molly'c will be here all week. Be kind to your waitress.
I love this! I've been referring to that gang of no-necked pigs as 'Team Tubby' for a few years now!!
Canada1 unlike you I don't get my marching orders from anyone or any party. And I don't make believe when discussing issues of the day.
Lets talk about ADSCAM. And who in the pm office knew nothing ? MILLIONS in public money and the LIBERALS don't want to talk about it ?
it is high time that first nations revenue from ALL SOURCES be public revealed before agreeing to any more payouts or revenue sharing; Canadians will be shocked by how much revenue the first nations is actually taking in.
I'd like to point out that I'm 53. Born at the tail end of the boom, I have weathered recessions, have no company pension and now have to work two years longer to get CPP. That is, if it is even in existence in 14 years.
The exception proves the rule
Thank goodness for he Internet. The propaganda-masters can no longer pull the wool over our eyes.
What a ludicrous garbage.
http://spectator.org/65921_donald-and-intellectual-snobs/
Michele, why do gay people feel the need to declare anything?
But putting a price cap on paradise isn't likely to please the Pope Matt. Lots of folks in Manhattan, London, Paris and elsewhere have figured out how to solve your problem. They rent.
Your response, Ff, only proves Canada 1's point... and it only takes mindless, self-absorbed minions, such as yourself, to carry out Steve's Machiavellian plans.
One isolated case does not make a nanny state (to cite the asthma issue)
the globe wants the EU to failor so it seemspower envy
All candidates face the voters under proposed proportional voting systems. Proportional voting systems move power from the party and give it back to the MP, and thus to voters.
How many Conservatives does it take to sink a country? So far, in Canada, two. Mulroney started it with Free Trade. Now Harper is finishing the job. Don't be fooled by the expensive suits, Conservatives have no idea how to support the economy.
So, you're fine with stripping away the rights of 6,000 Canadian citizens. Good to know.
Exactly - spying not even required !!
Dunny why do you assume there is no conversation happening in class? have you ever visited a grade 2 classroom? All that happens is conversation!
You can easily get an answer to Uber insurance question by checking the website, it's not so hard to fact check but alas most complainers prefer fantasy to reality.
How exactly is 'Canada not to yield'? Please, do tell? Block the moving trucks?
You not only do not understand fascism, you do not grasp the conditions for fascism to flourish. And by trying to peg me as Jason, you have revealed yourself to be no more than a troll trying to annoy readers and commenters alike.
Forget it, American media are ONLY interested in Trayvon and Obamination.
This is the type of smearing of political opponents that the tea party uses in the US. You have learned your lesson well Canada1.
No ... they were about to send an innocent person to the gas chamber.
I would must rather have the current CBC, especially for our national news, versus the 'for profit' news channels in the USA.
The acorn doesn't fall far from the oak tree.
I learned more from my apples and raspberries than from my pears.
You are no Conservative. Prepare for another Harper Majority. The left is delusional, disorganized and self important. Trudeau and Mulcair will be replaced after the next election.
In the scale of controversies, this ranks pretty low.
Shocked at finding out who the wealth creators actually are?
I'm so disappointed to see the most progressive province in Canada succumb to the kind of fearmongering more typical of backwaters like Calgary and Edmonton. Sad to see Harper having this kind of impact across Canada.
How environmentally friendly is the smoke from a burning Tesla
Actually they don't have the right to be offended. That's the ironic thing. Literally and figuratively there is no right for this.
when someone is going after the messenger, it is a sure sign that message is right. No matter whether you are a pinko or CON supporter.
French good. Canada bad. What a stupid article... as insipid as the food and culture it wants to demean.
That is the possessive.
The nutbars and shill don't want to read it, GA.
Harper and the Conservative Party will get their Gestapo, whether or not Canadians want it !
Climate change was to lib-tards what pro-lifers are to neocons. However there are only dozens of climate change prostesters world-wide.................
Your full of Sh*t. My FL rate is half of what my rate is in Ont. and I'm not even there
mythology, it is all par tof the ferar tactic of those seeking power, you fell for it hook line and sinker
Tin foil hat crowd, if the shoe fits & it seems to fit you well Jack.
That 'image' change, the smiling and the winking only made Mulcair look incredibly creepy.
Well I don't like the smell if my neighbours' gas-powered lawnmowers and weed-eaters but they're going to keep using them whether I like it or not.
Choosing what one wants to do for a living has absolutely nothing to do with morality. One needs look no further than 2008.
Emphasis on 'ONE' thing right.
the OPP have been bought off as well
Hey, Gerry Butts, I see you are still using the 'Cassandra from Ottawa' nom de plume!
He supports it because he knows he's offside with his soft position on terror, and is trying to reclaim some turf.
I don't think any of this matters at this point. Ontario is so far beyond the point of no return that all we can really do right now is sit back and wait for the declaration of bankruptcy.
So now your deciding that Doctors don't have a claim to a moral impediment for involving themselves in Assisted Suicide. That is one small step from the State saying them must involve themselves in these kinds of 'medical' procedures.
I used to work for them. The OAG report barely scratches the surface, it's even worse than what is being reported. This organization is rotten through and through. The transfer from Health Canada was just a power play, nothing more, nothing less.
How about the Hon. Butt's..."I thought I looked, therefore I thought I saw, therefore there must be something.....er...erm...honestly...really...."
One usually sees this mindless yammering on the Post and Sun, what happened Globe?
Ah Marilyn, the random Harperite talking point generator. So much drivel, so little time.
Canada is my home. I have no other home.
I'm not sure the example of the Prophet - a man who lead his people to war to enforce his new religion, and who was married to multiple wives, including a child of 9 or 10 - is really the example we want to put forward for modern Islam, is it?
Lowest common denominator works for you Mr. Martin, up your game Sir.
You forgot to address any of the issues raised by the column.
Shiny Pony, TO THE RESCUE !
Looney thinks he's clever.
Well-said, Ron
who wants harper's unfair election act ?
That's ridiculous and I think you know it.
So, you call the USA a friend? lol
Maybe you should pick one issue? It's not clear what exactly you want.
You just posted the equivalent of a '$30,000 watch' comment:-)
Fewer than forty percent of Canadians wanted Trudeau.
'the sky is falling, the sky is falling'
Tabatha some of the people who read your articles are really stupid. Very funny today.
Alceste....I'm confident you know quite well that I wasn't talking about their specific predictions for the outcome... was I wrong and you've suddenly become a " literalist" :-)
Social media has changed politics from subtle lobbying to mob rule.
(crickets chirping)
Could it be that both Ms. Wente and you are right? There is no logical reason why not.
Does Harper even know about the Economic Action Plan?
There are no Canadian examples. What does the author think changes in Liberal Party membership rules ? Can insights from 'Tragedy in the Commons' be useful in understanding the Canadian political system? Are MPs too subservient to the party?
Apples and oranges.
Big difference between controlling a boat or controlling the media.
I would rather have Hudak knocking on doors looking for work. Why can't the Conservatives find a competent leader who understands how most of the province feels?
The issue is that the university is not generating special exemptions for GLBTQs. That's actually equality, not discrimination.
This was a productive discussion before you joined in. Go back to sleep.
Along with the Irish, let me say.
If the media had done its job of fairly criticizing both candidates, Trump's shorthand exaggerations would not have been necessary to get his points across.
Next time quote your research. Angus Reid polling shows the exact opposite.
many Americans were not willing to live within their means. And, AlexB2, you might have added: and many others willing to take advantage of this fact. I.E: mortgage companies and brokers.
Alternatively, you could name a successor to Harper (currently running in the election) who you would be comfortable with as PM or even as a Senior Minister in Cabinet. Prime Minister Kenney? Seriously?
The opposition to the pipelines would move to opposing a refinery and would use all the same arguments except for pipeline spills. None of the opponents talk about the 1,000,0000 barrel crude oil tankers arriving in Quebec every week of the year.
Do tell us which Year Canada was respected by every Nation in the World??? Wow what unmittigated bluster... I'm sure Russia despised us for a while, North Korea... I'm sure there are others???
5tree: you can't even argue straight, and you're calling me uneducated? (Anyway, isn't 'educated' an objective measure? So how would you know?)You yell too much. You lack imagination. I'm bored.
The UN has been the satrapy of the West-hating, Jew-hating OIC for decades. And as for Canadian Louise Arbour's toxic legacy, the UNHRC, the less said about it the better...
A majority of Britons are right-wing. That's why the Conservatives get elected.
You are a paternalistic dufus. If you're Catholic, you'd better go to the confessional this week for judging others - a woman you know nothing about except that she's a woman and is poor.
You have never run a business, have you.
Define rape if one in four has been raped. Just how stupid and gullible are you?
You need to get a life if voting for Tory makes you warm & fuzzy.
I am a retired teacher and agree totally with the author. Most teachers do. This language comes from the guys in short pants at the ministry.
What a surprise! Toronto has 'a problem.'
Evidence does not fully back up the officer's statements. The prosecutor did not challenge the gaps between the evidence and the officer's statements.
Just call a spade a spade and rose a rose. Cut the PC BS
Maybe Christine Sinclair is her hero?
Almost as big a horror as the new comment system. Not quite though.
Let me see if I can summarize your thoughts. It is OK to factor in gender and age when supporting a candidate therefore the same applies when deciding not to support a candidate. Glad we finally got that cleared up.
Pretty much everyone who listened.
So how many cigarettes can I smoke per week without noticeable health effects?
Tony, the two are not related. Savings plummeted as more and more Canadians went to insecure work and as more and more Canadians lost money in their RRSPS due to bank fees and commissions.
Learn to find the way of truth.
And BTW, it was the Jesuits who said centuries ago, '?Give me the child for his first seven years, and I?ll give you the man,? recognizing the importance of early education rather than innate characteristics.
Well, if you want to toss links around, here's a counter view: http://howdovaccinescauseautism.com/
Clearly you didn't.
Easy, you don
Mr. Gibson, you made the claim and Bob Beal is perfectly able to judge your reasoning - when and if you give it.
Progressives ALWAYS go over the top. They cannot help it. It's part of their MO.
Minority next time, no matter who is the leader, he/she will have to compromise. And do you think Harp can do that? Dictator's do not compromise with anyone. Shoot to kill.
The NDP have been around for half a century.. If anything the LPC and CPC that constantly devide and split votes amongst each party.
If you don't want to do the time, don't do the crime.
Don't worry, Vlad & the Donald are good buddies, just like Rodman and Kim Jung-un.
An article only a communist would love, Iran's nuclear deal based on' mutual trust' is incredible naive to say the least, if the ayatollahs can get it they will use it, only time will tell Obama's terrible mistake.
It's really annoying when Albertans pretend they put the oil in the ground.
The article presents science. You present fear of science.
This comment simply employs an appeal to the concept of 'women's rights'
Looking at the ethnic composition of any engineering school in Canada, one finds a large number of first or second generation immigrant kids. Usually from Asia.
Nigel Wright probably doesn't have the authority to go to the bathroom without Steve's approval.
I refuse to subscribe to the Glop and Fail, but can still read the columnists I like. You can too. Most of Simpson's articles aren't locked down.
No, what has run jobs out of Ontario is the queen at Queens and her ridiculous ideology of the green scheme.
An excellent perspective on our arrogant government. And well presented too.
Religious freedom has limitations. Outdated beliefs towards gay people or women can easily lead to hate crimes or honour killings. We need to send a strong message that our laws are more important than any religion.
Butts at his best. He could care less about Canadians. He's at the watering through to get his take.
The various international polls do not support your claims. Canada came through very difficult times in relatively good shape, in many ways. Take off your rose-coloured glasses.
Your premise starts to fall apart when you consider that the Queen is also the 'Supreme Governor of the Church of England'.
PP conveniently forgets that the author of the report he quotes from has come out and said PP deliberately misinterpreted what was said. PP go back to the drawing board and try and develop something that Canadians can live with it.
Fascism needs lots of young men, preferably angry. The birth rate and demographic profile of the Western world indicates just a lot of talk, like here and on TV, but there will be hardly any young men of the West in the streets.
cripp, why do you think the giant boats can go there now?
Wile E showed more judgement in his attempts to catch the road runner.
Easy. Cringing hypocrite
YOU ARE THE FIRST TO CRY WHEN IT HAPPENS HERE WAKE UP ITS ALREADY HERE BE PROACTIVE
FIFA are a bunch of racists, too. Go play soccer in Europe or the U.S. with a turban and see what the reaction would be. Better yet, go ride a motorcycle helmetless in B.C. with your turban on if you really need to exercise your charter rights.
ECON you knowledge of history is seriously lacking.
The judge disagrees with you.
we identify people as exceptional based on a particular set of accomplishments, put them up on a pedestal and then we are troubled when we find out they were not perfect beings we had imagined and made them out to be
Whoa, there, StevBo. An elementary school teacher paid the same as someone pouring coffee at Tims? Really?
Wikileaks will be Hilary's Waterloo
Bob, you are far too reasonable and reasoned for the current age in Canadian politics. And believe me that is no criticism.
Finally, a good article by Margaret Wente.
Most of the resistence is based in religion, but it is true that some of it is by rational people.
And when mortgage amortizations periods could be as long as 40 years
More refugees per capita than... who?!? Anyone? Don't swallow the kool-aid!
Canada is currently adapting it's border control to meet US standards. Why have Americans control our borders, when we can do it to their standards for free. You seem to think that we have independent policies, how odd.
That won't happen. Have you been watching what's going on in the States?
Totally agree. Give a year's severance pay to these people to go away. Then turn the red chamber into a museum. It's become an expensive and embarrassing entitlement institution. Nothing more.
She's lucky to have a job.
Iranians are Shia, not Arabs. Persians in the old text books you may still have around.
The buck stops at the leader.
So post with your real name and readers won't think you are a coward.
Is this a prelude to an upcoming episode of Lilyhammer?
In my previous comment, I forgot to say that I agree with you regarding Compulsory Voting.
Someone else noticed the absence of the Minister of Defence. Harper is the only one who can be center stage, the tragic nature of the event notwithstanding. It's the way it is.
No. Try reading it again.
No, it should not. See my comments above re tobacco marketing.
According to my calculations CBC costs every taxpayer the miserly sum of $27. I am more than willing to pay that and more.
All I've seen so far is fluff, not the competent running of a nation in challenging times. And pandering to the UN does not make this a 'good' government.
It has worked out so well.... if you are in a government union.
Harper returned funding to healthcare and education cut by the Liberal Party. It would be funny seeing the republicans do that.
As a single divorced parent, I got it in the mail today. However, if it is going to be taxed back, I would rather not cash it.
''Survey: Europeans fear refugees raise terror threat''Deutsche Welle, 13 July 2016
What if the G&M editorially backed a party and no one listened?
It's amazing isn't it, only Liberals ever do that. /s
The highest correlation is a belief in Theocracy rather than a pluralistic rule of law, secular democracy
And of course, it's legal for anyone to go topless so why stop at bathing suits?
Kids that are bullies can be cops as adults and get away with it. Cops see it all the time in their peers. They are the ones who follow the letter of the law. Forcillo crossed the line with the 6 bullets he discharged into a lifeless body.
Actually the ideal weapon platform to buy for defence from a Trump style US invasion would be the F-35...any other application is totally useless! lol
Hey, Boogs, who was at this debate anyways? The big name candidates that aren't even running yet?
I like That!
You bring a very welcome voice from Quebec, lagatta. This venue is badly in need of more knowledgeable input.
No, Og, they make them from the confides of their pea brains
Yes, its getting quite boring there is so much fraud and lies from Harper its not news anymore.
'the real culprit is a torts system that has lost touch with reality'Systems don't lose touch, people do (assuming you consider lawyers and judges people ...).They created the legal system and they run it.
The proof of what trump is lies in what he has said.
bcrier - EXCELLENT post !
Yup, the need to use really dumb insults shows your intelligence and thus how much we should listen.
How's your Tesla Miller?
Yes, the US had to take them and Miami turned into a warzone. Not very fair.
You're asking Joe to read ? :)
Did you miss the 2008 banking crisis? Government intervention in the economy is as big as it ever was.
American Politics. Canadian perspective! How is a PhD with a focus on Uzbek digital democracy and living in Missouri provide a Canadian perspective?
The only one facing a criminal endictment is Trump....
@pburns9 He was not on duty as a medic, first of all. And what of the other thousands of soldiers killed, should someone be in jail for each of those deaths? That's absurd. It's called war.
Political correctness would say: NO!
Except in the case of a life threatening emergency, the plane would probably not be allowed to land anywhere in the U.S., because it was bound for bad, bad, Cuba.
I think this theme was explored a while back in one of the POGO comic strips by Walt Kelly.
The strict fact/value distinction that you appeal to in many of your posts is a relic of logical empiricism that few moral philosophers would accept nowadays, whatever their moral or political persuasions might be.
Sending my best to you. I'll bet 5 'caring' feminists voted your post down. Says a lot about the self interest of the modern liberal woman.
from the companies that fired them ?
And you believe it's only the Russians?
how is that important to that kid who can't watch the game?
Why can't boys like the colours pink and purple without feeling they must be gender dysphoric? Why can't girls like trucks and climbing trees without being slapped with 'tom boy' labels? Who not let kids be kids and stop stereotyping behavior?
Orange wave is doable. People don't buy the alarmist fear mongering about the NDP anymore
Is there some aspect of it that you disagree with?
What 'other procedures'?
"it's just that the investigating police officers and crown attorneys were given incomplete files" Yes, because of obstruction by members of Harpers staff!
You can live with dignity anywhwere. If you have enough money.
Shame on the Globe and Mail.
Israel has already proposed a "limited" nuclear war to stop Iran from having the ability to start a nuclear war. Ironic isn't it.
Where's this contract that guarantees the right to play a varsity sport? Just because you make something up in your head doesn't make it real. I suggest you seek help.
Well said Jim. this is not about a 6 month recession but rather a failed economic direction by the Harper Conservatives!
ahem... 2016. Did they not teach that in the virtual university you attend?
Kind of funny (interesting) that the Mosaic Law provided such a mass write off every 50 years.
The Dems would have easily won and kept the blue wall intact, if it weren't for one small thing - HRC.
I love people who say they will vote for somebody because of 'new ideas' without even knowing what any of these ideas might be. You will vote just like everybody else does - based on what a particular party promises you in particular.
Vancouver is even chillier than Toronto. Those 2 cities are why people think Canadians are boring.
Please re-post your equally forgiving posts regarding the Harper years. That would certainly add gravitas to your saccharine musings.
Not on our street in Mississauga. We're on a crescent with single family dwellings, and at least 75% are owned and occupied by empty-nesters.
Hey wait a minute--aren't this law abiding, well behaved kids the same generation Margaret mocked as coddled, 'special little snowflakes' a week or so ago? Maybe the price of this so-called good behavior is a a loss of spirit or gumption.
That's the last straw. With the Globe and Mail and the Provincial Liberal Party speaking for them the people of Ontario are hurting and will continue to suffer.
The difference is Pierre was crafty, Justin can do yoga and has nice hair. Justin will handle no one, certainly not the man who just handed the US media and the entire Democratic party their a**es on a plate.
Wonder why G&M did not write this article back then? Media bought the ** and backed it as being valid then as I recall it. Seems to be a lot ** within politicians and others. Maybe it is the voter who is the enabler.
LOL....learn your colloquialisms... and I could do a pedantic whipping on you for that sentence too... but why bother.
You think you can win the heart of a woman by agreeing with her lies?
Naomi is very rich and probably has a nice, new car.
I guess if you are used to lies, hypocrisy, making threats and constant spin you can get to the point where you don't even know if you're telling lies any more. Sad to hear someone on the stand admit to that isn't it?
If you 'don't mind making that sacrifice', then please....lead from the front.
Alceste This is an effort to encourage vote-splitting on the left. ----- firstly the Liberals are not really "left"
I think Margaret Wente did a wonderful job in pointing out how malicious feminists can be; and the need for a reasonable approach in dealing with this matter
Anti-Assad movements is ISIS....
Another ostrich with his head deep in the sand. Keep it there, business, you won't know what hit you.
I'm not voting for him (who knows . . . the Liberals may change my mind over the next while . . ), but he presents to me what seems a more honest figure than Stephen Harper. That alone in this day and age will garner him significant votes.
And for almost 100 years, scared nativists have called anyone who disagrees with them a communist.
Wow, it's really really scary that there are people like you who think this way. Really. Scary. No wonder we're stuck with this moron and his brother. Wake up for god's sake! Get a life.
Yes, regardless of who is in the Prime Minister's job.
Why, of course. How could I have been so stupid! They simply take 2.5% away from all the teachers and then give it back. Thanks for clearing that up, Friggate! Now, back to summer vacation, you!
no self-respecting economist would advocate something like this.
I agree. In North Korea such a running dog insult would be treated as treason and punishable by death. It's nauseating what so called Canadians think is acceptable as free speech these days. Makes me ill!
they all have a big huge crush on him, eh, what do you think about that possibility !!
Ascalapius - a rose by any other name. Harper's methods, philosophy and sympathies are completely totalitarian, as was Hitler's and both men were professional politicians who would use any words to achieve their goals.
Naked partisan politics sank to its lowest level with Adams, Soudas and Justin
So who decides how we are going to do better ? The Communist "Nomenklatura" was one example - the outcome not quite what we would want !
No kidding... Hi functioning places... Like Lima Peru, Jakarta.. etc
hey, he gave us a fake lake for the G8 summit...
JUSTIN THE POLITICIAN is like Justin the Boxerelightweightnice hair though
'After all the attacks by Muslims in many countries around the world, is it irrational to have a fear of Muslims?'No.
A lower quality egg? Do you understand anything about eggs?
No terrorist has earned the right to be a Canadian citizen. There is no earning involved it is given to them. The press needs to get out of Trudeau's bed.
where is the editorial calling Trudeau to stop ruining people's lives by ending charges for marijuana?
It'll be a pizza parliament... a rigged system.
I guess you missed the decision of 195 nations in Paris last December. Justin was there, had to listen to the scientific evidence. But as Steve used to say about science......................................................................
I think it's pretty obvious when rape occurs. Obvious from the woman's perspective and obvious from the man' perspective (save some Neanderthals ). I wish these articles wouldn't try to muddy the waters.
Headline.............'Konrad should show a little understanding of reality!'
No BEHEADING in Sun Tzu
Give me a call when the work week goes from 40 hours to 32 hours
Leadnow. ca
What issue did you want her to examine or comment on? Internet rumours and whack-job conspiracy theories? There is nothing to comment on. End of story.
Good point - but not so easy to do if you are an Anglophone in Quebec.....
Stop responding to procative troll comments. They get paid by the number of replies they generate, or likes/dislikes they generate. Make your points in a new comment rather than a reply, and don't downvote their comments. Don't argue with nonsense.
You have to focus on the father as well because the father trained the son. I laugh when I see young people say PET was a great Prime Minister but it was before their time. How would they know???
Maybe you should do restaurant reviews Doug. It would give more elbow room for your imperious journalism.
The shame is that you brought your sons up to believe that the laws are for women and against men. This is a completely ridiculous notion.
He's totally set the record straight. There is NO right to bear arms.
The boatload of poor refugees paid $50K a head and avoided all the safe countries nearby to sail half way round the world to a country with a generous welfare system.
Good piece. There is lots of sectarian warrior rhetoric in Western Canada these days. Western Canadians are loath to take responsibility for their own economic and political mistakes.
Wow - an RT news story that doesn't claim it's all Ukraine's fault. Whoda thunk it?
If you are blaming your sad sex life on Harper - then you really need to get a life.... Harper is not the end all be all to most of us. I'm sorry he is for you.
If you use debt to GDP... which the Conservatives always did to mask the fact that they produced the biggest deficit, in absolute terms, in Canadian history... Now, the debate over the definition of deficit is on!
Some people can't smell their own poop.
our mailman used to rush though quickly so he could finish after 5-6 hours....went on for years.
So you will endorse him next time round, right?
I really wish I understood shit like this
So what reason is there to think the US is bouncing back?
Must be worth $5,400,000 compensation for 27 years
How many times have you heard cons accuse someone of being a racist, homophobe, bigot, sexist, xenophobe, redneck? Leftists do it ALL the time.
Being a nurse or technician is different than fighting the enemy in the streets. The issue is allowing women to be on the front lines in combat positions.
We recently tried to donate a used (but in full working order) colour TV to Habitat when we upgraded to a wide screen TV in our family room. It was refused. Seems only wide screen TVs are acceptable to the poor! Times change.
If your view was changed you should award a delta.
And yet Liberals were elected with a majority. So - back to the article? - perhaps the Liberals do reflect Canadian values.
No, I don't think so.French immersion was started for political reasons , and as such is controversial. It's always going to be controversial, as long as people are not all being treated the same way.
Bigotry ?A more fitting description of the sentiments show would be scorn, and rightfully so.
And the Ontario Liberals offer more of the same?
Since when is advocating the right to free speech a 'Left Wing Ideology? The right to peaceful protest, free speech and to vote is the fundamental to the preservation of democracy.
Rehab wouldn't even cut it. These Fords are thugs and bullies. If it weren't for their inherited wealth, what's the bet they would be hanging out in the city's underbelly.
It appears that you haven't included actual scientific literature in your exhaustive search.
Fir, but a red herring. The proposed laws DO NOT compel any doctors to "kill" anyone. Please inform yourself.
We will forward your response to the Liberal Party. They will have their lawyers look into it.
If Yanukovich is not a puppet for Russia then what is the definition of a puppet?
Yeah, then its back to Disneyland.
The bhabha story is fluff. For a real story of corruption and cover-up do a web search on Toronto's Central Field Command drug squad, Team 3. There's too much for me to copy and paste in the little panel here.
Actually, there was an argument. I'm still waiting for an answer on how anyone is "still paying and will pay for life" for some Rae Days taken over 20 years ago. The alternative *was* job losses.
If those claiming not to know who to vote for take a shot in the dark with the liberals or the conservatives, will be shooting themselves in the foot.
Overheard at the Globe and Mail: '... Jeff, pay attention. It goes on to say they want to see, specifically, the word 'gaffe', got it? Okay, remember the whole point is to try to paint gold with sh!t. Buck up, it'll be like old times.'
LOL....when was India's history so illustrious?
Exactly ! And later they found America - much to everybody's surprise ... An obstacle to trade with the far East.
Part of the firewall, I guess.
You would be wrong, but a part of the majority that considers a woman abusing a man to be comedy.
I HATE HARPER. I HATE HIMI HATE HIMI HATE HIMI HATE HIMIHATE HIM
This is what passes for intelligence among the left?
He's a McLuhan groupie - ' The medium is the message 'Mere content doesn't seem to matter ....
She's an old ailing stressed-out woman who should quit politics and stop embarrassing herself with her failing health out in the open.... it's becoming pathetic now ..!!!
It really does.
Were you here a 100 years ago? Still want the land like it was? Perhaps your not smart enough to get it.
You are a fool. Your examples are ridiculous and not realistic. Try reality sometime... you'll like it.
In my experience some of the mods are inordinately protective of the Christian religion. Particularly if you mention the Raaaaaptuuure and the PM in the same sentence. Crossing fingers and hitting 'post' ...
It would have been a lot longer.
I'm not so sure why you were given all these thumbs down. It's a good comment. There is a certain chance that this what-is-old-is-new-again proposition could burn out fast.
Neanderthals from Alberta is redundant. Just say Albertans.
If by "published Sunday", you mean "published in December 2015", yes - a claim sort of similar to what you say was reported.
If you believe that I have a bridge to sell you.
The Fleur de Lis is a religious symbol.
Naw - be reasonable - Ontario will just borrow more money. No need to start thinking ...
Sure, checki out the University of East Anglia Climate change unit website. Since 1980, global temperatures have risen a balmy .5 degree celcius.
'We' are often more active than ever before. Perhaps you could speak just for yourself.
cuckoo, cuckoo
Jacky, It is over, all but the laughing as Harper is investigated for the next 10-15 years! I hear the UN is just about ready for him...
And only socialist sh*tducks think they are entitled to have everyone else pay more to subsidize them.
Now, why drag Vic Toews into this?
The same Ann coulter who was denied her right to speak by violent cowardly lefties at the university of Ottawa?
Well, you may have just spoiled it for a LOT of readers. Thanks.
Give it a rest, 'Art Campbell'.The Globe doesn't give me a column, nor do I have the luxury of hiding behind a common name, as you do.
I dont see how believing something without evidence can ever be positive. Faith is not a virtue. Afterall, religious terrorists have faith that they are right.
I doubt Steve 'Junior George W' Harper and PMO would deploy their 3,000 paid 'communication consultants' or their Republican consultant/coaches against her.
How would Nigel Wright's testimony been different had he been charged with bribery? With the evidence that has been presented in the Duffy case what now stops the Crown from initiating bribery charges against Nigel Wright?
Harper can't solve the problem, because he's part of it.
It is despicable for you Sir even to suggest that history has not passed judgement on Torture since medieval times.
Yup -- and it's the same Saudi's who's extremist ideology is helping to fuel terrorism.
Pense thinks he will be it!
If all else fails play the gender card. Ironically this puts all woman behind men, by demeaning them and stereotyping them as the saviour because they are woman. Chelsea comes off as phony and downright ridiculous.
You are the Erika from Quebec.
Your childish and repetitive comments are most annoying. Tell me, is Ms. Gagnon your ex-wife? Or did her dog just defecate on your lawn?
Strange when the third party leader does this, you applaud.
Don't lump stoner kid in with PM Harper.
Allan Rossno rebuttal ?make a proper rebuttal instead of these meaningless remarks
Your wife must really love you.
Who cares?
'Duplicitousness'? I believe the word that you are looking for is 'duplicity'.
Agreed. Old(er) and better off people tend to vote conservative. Not a new trend. My thought is fear of losing what they have.
The judgement legitimizes the unethical fiscal machinations of the Con party and its apparatchiks.
incredible that educated women fell for this
alas Martin gave them their chance, and they'll fight tooth and nail to hang onto power.
Tell me sidewinder without googling the name who was Douglas?
Very good point. Now employers will not hire women in fear of law suits claiming they have been underpaid.
And if one can write a 1,000,000,000 pages book on India, then my knowledge would constitute about 5000 pages. Pretty good actually.
The best way to campaign against the NDP is to support the PCs.
Have you ever taught in a public school classroom Mr. Maser? If so, for how many years?
I like experiencing the seasons. It may get less rain than Vancouver, but then there's not much going on. And it's still pretty rainy here.
It would be interesting to know who would provide support for the now dead cougar's family. This one is tough, but BC's wildlife stewardship is pretty pathetic. Just saying.
Well, 61% approve of what he is doing right now. That's actually up 11 points since the election.
Face it, the Medical community is not qualified to prescribe plants.
care what you say, the arctic loggers association might get mad at you.
Prohibition is a childish approach, not universally accepted.
Who is going to fight the next damn war Harper get's us in? Margie's tooth polisher?
After researching the authors political history, one realizes that this article is not what is happening, or even what will happen, but more what he hopes will happen. Dreams of a Socialist Revolution.
I suggest you read a few news sources outside of Canada, most of Europe is in the process of moving to the right not just in the USA.
Another politically correct North American view by an author who doesn't understand French culture, values or approach towards multiculturalism.
Why no refugees going to Russia, China, Iran, Japan and many other countries ? Why always to Europe ?
Ironic that you have not spent anywhere near this many years in University to criticize.
You'd have felt right at home in the Gestapo, Joe. Congratulations...
Polls should be banned two weeks before the election day. Some countries have similar rules.
Funny how the MSM never said peep about Obomba's prostration before the mad Saudi kings.
Another inciteful well thought out position from our conservative friend.
Much like alcohol right now people will drive while impaired killing themselves and innocent others.
It is less dysfunctional today than it was yesterday.
looking to debt ridden cradle to grave welfare state nanny state europe ???
Well, at least you understand that us "libs" are your betters. Not that you set the bar all that high, mind you.
And just like that, you failed your IQ test AGAIN!
Actually Steve Jobs never used Homeopathy at all. It's a myth perp'd by pharma astroturfers.
Excellent point
Actually, no Canada didn't, but nice try.
Very, very few parents rely on the child welfare system to parent their kids. In the vast majority of cases, children in care are there over the opposition of their parents.
This is all about Harper brown nosing to get the pipeline approved.
SO FAR THE DEBATE IS AWFUL - the sound quality is a joke! I can hardly hear them and I've turned up the volume icon to its max both on the Globe window and my own computer. This is so AMATEURISH!!!!! Globe please fix this right now!!!!
People who are against progressives are called 'regressives'!
This seems a bit cumbersome.
Oak: As it turns out, you get close to the best services, and you get them at the lowest price per capita of any province in Canada.
The out of control police budget remains the city's single biggest cost. More tax dollars go to the police every year than go to the TTC.
Do you think they might be buying other items at deeply discounted prices also ?
only 4 shots in the back - nothing taken but the police say t was robbery - go figure
Bob, I for one would never contact anyone on this board directly. While I'm sure most people are 'normal' there are a few ' beauts' who post here that I find scary. For that reason alone, anonymity should be acceptable here.
She is writing from a Christian perspective, not an atheist one, so what is your point?
Bullfeathers!
You might want to study up on Islamic culture. Or maybe you are informed - what are your favourite aspects? Adherents view of women as equals might be something you admire. Or maybe Sharia law tickles your fancy? Please do share.
Welcome to Canada, where we all hold hands together and wait for the last person to make sure NO-ONE is left behind.
After considering the manner, I have decided that Johnny's outburst reflected more on him than it did on me and I therefore can't be bothered to do anything. Why should I do Johnny a favour?
Ya, no kidding. What a judicial mess the fascists left behind.
You're not alone. Male, happily married 25 years, started with nothing, everything in one pot, first 15 years I earned more, last 10 she earned more. I saved more but she has a DB pension.
RootinTOOTIN1, are you talking about an actual case - and if so, what law 'ended that nonsense'?
'It's hard to work in a group when you're omnipotent.' Q
Isn't democracy wonderful?
'wake up keepcalm, wake up....'
Harper kept an enemies list too. http://news.nationalpost.com/full-comment/andrew-coyne-you-will-be-shocked-to-see-who-is-on-stephen-harpers-full-enemy-list
My first thought after reading the article was put down the crack pipe.. changed it to a bong instead.. more reader friendly.
I hope you are all seeing my sarcasm that when it comes to sexual transgressions an accusation is all that's required for many to assume guilt.
If it works for the 'seniors', why would it not work for everyone?
Blowing ISIS off the face of the earth might be their worst fear. our tolerance and some Liberalism just make them hate us more.
Yet on the middle-class street that I live on, everybody has at least 2 children, a large house, 2 new cars, and a snowblower or removal service.
'No better than the Taliban' is, without a doubt, one of the stupidest and most shameful comments ever uttered on the subject.
Apparently very little. Oddly things seem to have gotten worse under Barry's leadership.
In light of purported Russian meddling in the recent 2016 US election, it might be quite interesting for the G&M to re-examine the known widespread voter fraud that took place in the 2011 Canadian Federal election.
guest.....hold it bubbaPeople on the River are happy to give....rolln'....rolln'.....and like that. You wanna live by the river....or where it overflows to....you're welcome. But it is your tab
They'd have that money if they would drop their feeble attempts at comedy that are really cleverly disguised attacks on whatever government is in power (at all levels) in the form of satire.
Help Canada by telling Canadians the real truth about who is behind ISIS and pull all our forces out and let the region sort out ITS' own problems!
Here, I'll come up with the headline for your next thought provoking article:'Puppies should not be kicked'.
As an immigrant I found this very patronizing. I am fully in favour of people wearing whatever they like, but have enough sense to know that my fellow immigrants are informed and intelligent enough to counter my argument.
--They are going to compete for housing and health care and teachers and other public goods and services that are sometimes in short supply. The same thing could be said for the children born to Canadians.
Another pathetic attempt by he globe to create credibility where it does not exist. Sad really how this paper has drifted to the left.
Who is actually politicizing terror, the government that makes anti-terror legislation, or the guy who complains about terror being 'politicized' because his political party didn't get to write the legislation?
The usual G&M fussin' and fumin' .
cunning array of stuntzzzz ????? I assume that's a spoonerism? 'should be a 'stunning array of ............ pretty well describes you and your hateful type.
Is that the best you can come up with faecal geologist?
Two points: Harper is also intelligent (I knew we were in trouble when he took over from Ski-doo Boy). Nixon was one of McCarthy's closest allies. And had all the traits you itemize above.
Paul: I agree completely.
Mommy drinks because you suck.
Not quite ready yet. Need to check my furnace.
Have you been drinking?
'The Tory brand is still strong on fiscal matters and the economy..' only because the media keeps repeating this fiction. In reality, as the data show, the Reform Party was never fiscally competent.
And I'm wondering where the justification from science plays a part in its 'safe' dissemination across all ages and venues - with requirement of a display of a birth certificate at point of sale.
C. Parsons, I think that in general, you are right about who is skeptical.
BLW... Here face was not covered. She was wearing a headscarf only. Her face was fully exposed.
Most seniors are paying income tax and some at very high rates. They do pay for their own drugs and the drugs of other seniors. It is not just younger people making a contribution to the tax base that pays for care or drugs for those over 65.
Was a representative. Retired now, which makes hi the ideal person to comment.
Go to youtube and search for refugee riot in Greece, Italy etc... There is absolutely zero need to take in boatloads of migrants, especially if their past cannot be verified.
Trump won't win anything except the consolation prize.
post the url this way and it will get past the Globe's censor: ht tp://www.or just post this way: www. globeandmail.com and readers can copy and paste.
I assume you can back your statements with facts? Or is this just your overactive imagination?
There are over 200 first nations in Canada.
Sure back when people read newspapers and watched broadcast television. Substantially less people do that now - especially among younger demographics.
Oh god, will this never stop?
On the other hand, things may be more complicated than that. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7O4GeHlA1Tshttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fpCc4I4aOi4
Students are suspended for dealing or having drugs on school property in Ontario.
Tell that to the nuns. Tell that to the Sikhs. Etc. etc.
The vast majority of Scots now want Independence. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3219746/Majority-Scots-independence-Shock-poll-reveals-54-vote-leave-UK-second-referendum-called.html The "Better together" campaign lied through their teeth !
The rich elites are not supporting Trump so that is their only choice.
It's kinda funny that the point of the article is that Harper will use any wedge issue to score votes with his base, regardless of what's good for Canada, and your response is to say "look at the polls".
Don't agree. American influence is still very much in evidence in Israel, Jordan, Kurdistan, and the Gulf States. As for the one world order? I don't buy it.
Man-child you are, indeed. Talk about manipulation...
Let's not forget the attempts to stack Supreme Court and the egregious attack on the Chief Justice, Beverley McLachlin.
armpit with eyeballs has no idea who he's supposed to be leading.....the orange crush from 'La Belle Province' includes flq supporters and coctail waitresses .If armpit with eyeballs could do the splits ...he couldn't reach both sides of his caucus
and that's okay with you???
Ask the people today who live under the Taleban or Daesh how 'bizarre' it is.
cant really follow your argument very well
Moore is sooooo yesterday's news, he's tired and looks in bad health.
These prisons sound more like an insane asylum than a place for rehabilitation.
Many liberals will resist PR, because FPTP served them so well this time. Thinking Canadians must hold JT to his promise.
Or a monument to 1000 dead Aboriginal women.
What is immature is Harper using this issue to play to people's worst instincts. Not a leader.
That's rich. A Russian nationalist criticizing Ukranian nationalism.
Democrats must watch this stuff and split their sides in laughter. Hillary better start rehearsing her acceptance speech.
There's always been an anti borders slant among cultural Marxists. Merkel (nominal conservative) being their holy icon.
Hey Barb, go smoke a cigarette with Bev Oda...
A 'Harb'inger of things to come????
Hopefully! The social focus of the Liberal party since Trudeau has hurt the country.
Trump had a 57% approval rating from the American electorate for his acceptance speech according to a CNN poll. I guess Margaret would be part of the remaining 43% the other 57% must be the 'uneducated'.
Oh yeah there's equivalence. Sorry this article makes you believe that these are knee jerk decisions. This is no way near the truth.
If one looks at various studies of happiness, one finds that the happiest people in the world live in the countries with the least number of toilets per capita.
What is interesting: Just what did Duffy dooooooooooooooooo with this refinancing $$$$$$$$$$$$?
Don, logic like that is going to get you insulted from the cult. It is actually all they have. IN every article referencing there Messiah. All they do is talk about Harper. Since they can't defend the stupid comments he makes.
And, of course, it continued to steal land in the occupied West Bank.
If Mulcair gets elected, watch him stuff the Senate with union cronies.
You can't believe anything in the corporate media. I learn much more 'real news' from the comments sections.
Is there any evidence that getting vaccinated can cause a person harm, short or long term?
Let's just get the bottom line. Political Correctness believes women are entitled to have fantasies, (witness the success of the Fifty Shades of Grey.)However, the same doctrine says that men can't share fantasies, even in private. Double standard!
So what do you suggest?
Anthony - I think that a pork-fest would be frowned upon.....although it was obscene.
I have just received yet another notice that I must join 'Globe Unlimited' or my access to articles will cease. A large number of posters insist on posting anonymously. I insist on paying only if anonymous posting is not allowed.
Just wait until the unveil the maskot: a freaky, cartoon stegosaurus!
Shias, Sunnis, and all other Muslims as well as Christians, Buddhists, Hindus etc. can find a safe haven in Israel. Just stroll around the streets of Jerusalem and see all the various worshipers freely observing their religious practices.
This is the kind of comment that will encourage Globe to shut its comments section down even faster.
WELL SAID....
Harper had a decade and got virtually nothing of substance done. Oh wait, he did create fear and hate with some effectiveness that we are now reversing along with all his other damage.
Tory will not get re-elected. This and the DumbTrack will be a nail in his coffin. Buh buy Mayor Tory. You are no better than any of them.
A person should not believe in 'isms' - A person should believe in themselves. ferris bueller
Only Ted Cruz would be worse.
Let's talk in 4 years ! Such sophomoric euphoria! Alberta will become another has been province !
one of those astounding ironies of History if Harper single-handedly revives the Trudeau legacy and the Liberal Party of Canada ....
I see no basis in reality for your suggestions there.
If there's something wrong with their evidence please tell us.
I'm gonna guess that was sarcasism?
I haven't had a job for years Ronnie. It gets in the way of my semi-retirement in Phoenix. Enjoy your Mandarin lessons. simply too funny.
So Marcus, are you now saying that Ford was right to prevent this 'debate' after all? At best, this convinced the provincial pols to ignore us ...
Do we do .. We do ...
The handiest deflection tool to come along in some time. You should be thanking JT.
Not 'can be'. the proper term is 'women ARE as self centered as males'.
Anyone who isn't a middle-class white isn't [a middle-class white].
And of course, you will be the first to wear it to give an example, right?
Blame the David Thompson. He knows he's in charge and he lets this sh*t go. Call him out!
And I guess there was no funding of the Turdeauprog machine??? Seriously? Why must you progs fear monger so?
Obviously they are not smart!
One would not call this a hard hitting editorial. But then the G&M backed these merry band of crooks and apparently are still doing so
It implies that they think and act like the Gestapo when it serves their purpose.
Who, Trump?
no ccontribution to the "leave movement " from Labour ? breathlessly partisan
you lost me at ' dude'
Does anyone seriously believe that the Uber Kontroller did not know about Wright's generosity?
Direct statements from a witness is evidence. The only reasonable thing for any leader to do is to suspend pending an investigation. The truly tough part is getting the investigation right.
Great column, Mr. M.
No, not if they were born here. If they were not born here current legislation states they can be deported where they came from. Not very citizenly.
Real estate owners in East Oakville are beholden to your staunch defence.
Snowden may be more of a prisoner behind the new Iron Curtain.
Honestly, there is a lot of blame on the U.S. in all of this mess. ISIS is a world threat. Kudos to those who stand up to them.
Brutal prisons are part of the same array as brutal police. They are symptoms of institutional pathology in our governments and society.
Still being the child eh son?
What specifically is the false logic and what is it about first past the post that you find so appealing?
Some times you can be too smart by half.
You nailed it - thank you - do we want more victims? No. How does that happen, education and health care to stop the rotating door of prisons.
Hey, Bob, who p*ssed in your cornflakes today? Another socialist rant from a union member. Look around you, Bob. The world is a beautiful place. Try not to be so negative all the time.
Are those 25,239 people who signed that petition published in Hansard, the Canadian publication for the House of Commons? See http://www.parl.gc.ca/HouseChamberBusiness/ChamberSittings.aspx?View=H&Language=E
@dtana, I hope you are kidding about Goodall? Do you not know what a disgrace she is?
Pierre = Pierre Poutine?
Unfortunately, not everything we need is made in Canada and until it is a falling dollar simply makes a lot of stuff we need (food in winter for example) more expensive.
Same old, same old.
Stephen Harper as bad as he was, was pretty tame compared to Donald Trump. In fact Donald Trump is so extreme that many who were seen as extreme not too long ago now look like moderates.
You don't know what the police are doing. Hearsay and vague videos won't convict so they won't arrest on them. As for admission of guilt, I could say it was me who killed Hoffa but only an idiot would arrest me without evidence
Leader 'Xi'...the one who had a newly discovered dung eating beetle named after him? Wonder what camp that scientist is in now? lol
They are using the issue to position themselves as the only party that stands for the values dizzyfong just articulated.
Quoting Trotsky who was a communist hardly gives you much credibility, try someone a little more moderate.
They started the Iraq war?
I think you are getting Tory and Hudak confused among other things.
Nobody ever complained about the mandatory long form census until the Harper gang made a false wedge issue out of it.
he is a member of parliament, not a member of 'the gov't'. that you do not understand the distinction doesn't surprise me in the least.
Wrong. I support people identifying themselves in order to show they are eligible to vote.
Sorry, you're about 6,000 years too late to start banning. Besides, it wouldn't work anyway.
Thank you for your service and may God keep all our military service members SAFE.
The new trend now is fake news. Folks who have no logical argument are now ranting about fake news.
Tinfoil, great job pulling red herrings out of your hat! The Dangerous Offender legislation is designed precisely for people like Pickton. en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dangerous_offender
As long as he goes down, I will be satisfied.
Canada, Interesting perspective, except Mr. Harper's actions are not 'Shock and Awe' they're, well, best described as taking your ball and going home.
that reminds me of the studies with rats that showed consuming the equivalent of 5 gallons of coke each day causes cancer. BS research.
agreed, however none of the others will address the illegal immigration or islamic terrorism problems for fear that they will lose votes from those demographics. So which is worse, DT or continued illegal immigration and increased terrorism?
Yes, and lifelong learning, innovation, productivity ...All the things that will really matter over the next few decades. But how do we change this?
Not even George Bush. Ask anybody who played college basketball against W. If nothing more, he took no crap from the other team.
Toronto's welfare, social support and TCHC.
The truth hurts doesn't it!!!When you get a real job and pay taxes you'll understand this all some day. For now, go thank you Mom and Dad that they're working.
Wente is as unprincipled as I'd always suspected. No wonder she's a Con.
No, this seems to be a piece commissioned by someone @ the Globe and Mail to undermine Trudeau by as much as they can before he actually takes office. Which is kind of heartening, really, in a depressing sort of way.
No, the provinces would not have to jump on board. This is a federal question, not a provincial one.
Frank is one thing, speculation is an entirely different matter entirely.
Looks like the ON liberal budget is a copy of the CON feds budget. wow...
' I wasn?t really into being ?she? or ?he.?'The author identifies as neither female nor male.
If he stays much longer-- they will be carting him away in either handcuffs or a straitjacket.
Totally agree with you, Samrani.
Tony - excellent post !But do be careful - the basement dwellers will burn you at the stake for heresy !!
Chee, everyone else gets it
It's going to be the Liberals and NDP splitting what you'd call the 'left wing vote.' Tories won't mind that much.
The fossil-fuel industry and CAPP/ Harper propaganda is the worst enemy of Alberta and Canada in the long-term.Prentice has it right. Get realistic. The environment is important for our economy... in the near and far future.
Of course you'll agree that it didn't cost Putin a dime. And, you'll probably also agree that a good portion of the 52 billion actually went INTO his pocket.
Moon's upset because come Monday he'll be in the unemployment line.
The Harper government has embraced the role of 'straight shooter' in international relations. 'The G8 is really the G7 plus one.' 'The Iranian election makes no difference.'They are right on both counts but sadly lacking in nuance or diplomacy.
tory you are so far out to lunch it's hard to know where to start. Steve makes a good attempt, but I doubt it will help you understand the difference
Then we should extend this monumental "thing" to all the living beings that we wilfully and cruelly slaughter by the millions and millions.
Don't go to the Arts/Entertainment section if you aren't interested in the arts or entertainment.
I appreciate this thoughtful article, but it seems that some making comments need to take it more seriously in terms of examining their own attitudes.
FortoldWorks both ways 'F', for men and women..
Teleology, what are you on about. It is that system that got us here. THAT system IS the logic and tradition of the past. Where do you progs get this stuff from?
Yes, we need our sport to be approved in the USA, because without American approval we are nothing. Pathetic.
Expect more Harper photo op's at Tim Horton locations across Canada, and more Action Plan advertising until Dear Leader begins to see a rise in his polling numbers.
Get out of here. Your nonsense and your Canada bashing is very very tiresome.
You have absolutely no evidence that mortgage fraud is THRIVING in Canada. You have anecdotal evidence and even that is flimsy. It just a nice story that brings some drama to the business page. Not very responsible reporting if you ask me.
Just how did whites "get rich on the backs of other groups", when those other groups historically had very few members?
Hubris is endorsing the losing party that had the worst record on the economy since WW2 and accusing the party that won the election of Hubris.
Leftist rag supporting Chow? Big surprise! Sorry. Those of us who are in the centre fully get the Globe's endorsement.
Thanks for your usual beautiful language. I really enjoy reading all your columns and the insight you show. And by the way--Merry Christmas
Renzetti and the rest of the Globe's snobs should read Thomas Sowell's devastating characterization of modern upper crust certitude: The Vision of the Anointed: Self-Congratulation as a Basis for Social Policy
The industrial food system assumes therefore that the sheeple will line up and buy. Were we to exercise our faculties for independent thought and did not buy then the whole junk food edifice would collapse for lack of $$$ vitamins.
stay on topic voof
Look at the up side. The Middle Eastern countries like Egypt, Iraq, Syria, Iran, etc have been civilized for thousands of years longer than European countries like the UK, France, Italy, Spain, Greece, etc.
GAR385 means In most RADICAL LEFTIST PROGRESSIVE MORAL PREENING circles, quoting anything written by Sue-Ann Levy isn't actually seen as a way to gain credibility.
If those are in fact the reasons for her views, she is not being consistent until she admits that those are the reasons for her views. But she does not.
You seem to be missing the point, herchauk. But at least you're charming.
arabella has a soft spot of palestinian terrorists and 'Martyrs' (suicide bombers)
Your criticism of JT's policies? Are the policies in effect? JT just got sworn in not long ago.
I agree that he probably didn't mean it as it sounded, but it definitely sounded as though he meant that guns would solve the problem.
"thoughts and prayers", yeah that'll save a lot of lives
It's easy to approve NDP policies, until you realise their policies are, and always will be based on pipedreams and handouts from an unknown party source.
Poland has its own territorial claims on Ukrainian territory. It lost much of its pre-1939 land to Ukraine and Belarus in 1945.
No Liberal outrage at all, just bafflement that a week later Conservatives such as yourself are continuing to huff and puff and stamp your little feet.
I'm anti-pedantic.
Until the IOC and every national sports federation is purged ...... meh!
Logical people will realize it's utter nonsense, of course.
no surprise, all the MSM is against trump and for hillary, something about having a fondness for keeping the corrupt establishment going.
Death to America.
No, we do not. You've had your day, get lost, buh bye.
Really - and what did they do to deserve that insult? Please try to answer without insults to their gender, ethnicity and/or status as new Canadians.
As to your last question, actually Yes!
Frank, Corporations don't really pay any tax. People (consumers) pay all the tax.
Just what we need ...a referendum ...which shrill Cons will attack Justin over for wasting money.
Not all Indigenous people were nomadic. For thousands of years before contact there were settlements.
well said rouser9
Nothing was shut down, leave people alone and let them work out a deal. We all have rights, unions are fighting for the right to exercise them. That benefits all of us.Or would you rather people worked 7 days a week for a buck a day?
Of course the Liberals were never guilty of exerting partisan control over the Senate.
Rob likes some crack in his gravy
Very accurate comment!
Actually students are failing themselves.
Is that the best you can do for an alias, David Duke?
I believe the close race has a lot to do with Hillary being a woman; not because many people can't stomach electing a woman president but because she's being judged by a different standard than if she were a man.
True that they all do it - but at some point we can get rid of Harper or any other politician if they push it too far whereas the Royals are seemingly with us forever. Big difference.
many of the suspicious/fraudulent nature=========================================And you know this how?
feel better?
'have their mothers calling and even calling our Dean'If my mother had to call a prof on my behalf I would have crawled under a rock and stayed there forever.
Budget Bill C59 to erase history is original. Election fraud now that is original. Nothing but original when it comes to closet moves!
Fact is a doctor in the US can make significantly more than in Canada. In Ontario they are facing higher taxes because they are "rich" and provincial claw backs of 7%.
Great idea, lets export the trouble here. Them we wont have to go so far to 'bomb' them.
Nothing was done. Nothing! They squandered everything.
define "unfettered capitalism" is that Canada?
When it comes to international diplomacy, the Harper gang commits one blunder after another. Stephen Harper is clearly in way over his head.
Wasn't Chris Matthews the one who wet his pants when Bush landed for that aircraft carrier photo-op ?
"stable secular Government" ha ! ha! is that the new euphemism for a brutal murderous dictatorship?
Yep, simple solutions sell better.
Perhaps that is why Gomeshi did not take the stand in his own defence.
Where do you think your heat and transport fuel comes from; the sky? If you don't need those, I guess you can make it without pipes, but only if you want oil railed in (lac Megantic II?)
David too bad you never got out of grade 3.
It is ironic that the people caught trying to vote twice in the recent US election were all Republicans.
I wonder what the reactions would have been if Saunders substituted Jamaica for Britain, and instead of the English, used black Jamaicans. The title of the article would be shocking.
--I have yet to find anyone who says it is.How about asking the woman herself. Where in the Bible does it say that nuns have to wear a habit or priest need to wear a collar.
I don't have a problem with teacher unions. I have a problem with their expectations. Wente can't seem to see the difference between cause and effect. (Do I need to cite my sources?)
Why have men at all? Who needs them? Thx MW. Stick for us boys. We are a battered group. If you pay a bit of attention to modern advertising and sitcoms, you will notice it is almost always the wife who is the smart one and the husband is the idiot.
You need to take a vacation. Your anger and propensity to blame it all on the PM is getting to you...
Garneau ? You must be kidding. Is Chris Hatfield your second choice ?
George, You must have failed your logic course. Or perhaps you've never been introduced to the concept?
We pedestrians should start making citizens' arrests of all cyclists who ride on sidewalks and hold them in place until the police arrives. This way, everybody will be safer and happier.
Don't underestimate the strong streak of racism that still runs through American society. Yes, the colour of Obama's skin makes it easy for a lot of Americans to hate him even while pretending it's his policies they don't like.
You sound aggressive. Are you a cop?
one way to curtail fighting? Have law / act state it cannot be shown or commented on through the media - any media. If there was a fight and dead air or some replay the league intelligentsia would soon get the message.
You don't think that Justin has done damage to Mulcair outside of Quebec by playing the francophobe anthem ? Or where have you been, OB ?
I guess you think that baseball enjoyment is more important than social justice.
I guess it is pretty telling when the best you can do to defend your liberal party is to deflect.
Polls wil keep droping as the potheads realize the weed is not legal.
Rocksteady: Given privacy issues and that this was primarily an online courses, the female students would never have known the student was given the exemption.
Thats' right!!! I KNEW Harper was missing from this issue, thanks for bringing him up....Seriously, is this the best Butts can tell you what to post?
The same polls that say Hillary is winning?
Read 'The War Against Boys' By Christine Hoffman Sommers that documents the influence of radical feminists in education.
TruthOps wins the award for the most ridiculous and farcical post of the week... I assume s/he is trying to be funny? 500, 000 retired nazis are on the prowl in Kyiv! lol
Oh please ! I'm sure that Wright regrets writing that idiot a cheque ! But the taxpayer isn't on the hook for it and it isn't even close to what Mac Harb has done. Now Lefties feel free to rain down your hate!
We don't need new laws. The government has more than enough laws on the books to deal with this issue.
I don't think it was said that nothing can be done about income inequality, only that women show no signs of making the choices necessary to achieve income equality.
What are your credentials Robin???
Dear whoever you are. All your back and forth with Alceste does not diminish the fact that your comment re Pearson is an ad hominem attack, irrelevant, and frankly just bad ill-bred.
Most of the readers here wouldn't even know that Kosovo was the ancestral homeland of the Serbs, and that it steadily became 90% muslim, then declared independance - with the blessing of the hypocritical politicians in the West.
Moon howler, you're the Uriah Heap of Globe comments - and not unlike Stephen Harper in that. It's the combination of professed piety and mean-minded nastiness.
Well, after a bit of searching, so it does. http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/toc/2014/09/ But that dumb seven-word hook by a desk editor doesn't reflect the article or its actual title.
One of the apologists is Derek Burney who gave away the farm on Mulroney's behalf.
Clark; take your meds and get someone smarter to explain it to you.
Which party is that? None of them really. Including ' I won't provide details' Tim.
Even more skill throwing money at advertising non-existent projects like the Conservatives ?
Was it really JT's idea?. Doubt it.
Trump winning matters not. The TPP matters very much. Kill the TPP before it Kills Canada: http://you.leadnow.ca/p/natref-rjb2
I'm pretty sure that limitation on non-citizens not voting predates Pierre Trudeau, NETNUB. You could do some reading yourself, you know.
There is that Boring Dolt again!
Mr. Coyne is not highly regarded....
I thought Ibbitson was the worst sycophant I had ever seen, however we have to admit a new champion!
the irony is baird would have no idea what you ar talking about
I think North Korea is to China what Von Ribbentrop was to Hitler. North Korea blows hard. China just has to apply brakes.
Patwant Singh: I see you must have reported my comments to you and the G&M have removed. You are obviously just s shill for Harper and his court. As for reporting comments you don't agree with, 'if you can't stand the heat stay out of the kitchen,
Don't be naive. Don't think he has just one property. Like many corrupted officials in China, one can own lots of properties thru relatives.
Two peas in a pod.
'both Trudeau and Notley addressed climate change'Joke of the day.
They also seem to forget that when Harper had virtually the same vote, these same progs were calling his majority illegitimate, but with Turdeau, it is a decisive victory. Hypocrisy at its finest.
'This is not about visions of city building, or transit expansion. Folks, don't be misled: This is about finding new ways to raise your taxes.'The proposed taxes/levies/tolls will be dedicated to funding The Big Move. Dug...the lying sack of lies
In any high profile Canadian criminal case, accusations are 'splattered' across headlines too.
@ Joanie. No my dear, you are wrong. The professions discussed above are all members of OMERS. A provincially mandates retirement pension plan that has an MRA( mandatory retirement age) of 60 years old or 85 factor. Mr. Miller can not change that.
These individuals are such obvious shills for neocon fanatics. They have no real expertise or credibility when it comes to these matters. The tip off is citing the Wall Street Journal and the serial war criminal, Henry Kissinger.
Ottawapiskat is a pretty funny play on words!
But... but....don't forget - he will have the NUCLEAR CODES (as ominous music plays in the background).
Jr. will find a way, just give him a half hour to look into it with Wynne
When I formulate my opinion personal experience often trumps statistical analysis. When they coincide, my "overconfidence" grows even more.
While I agree with you, our problems go far deeper--start taking a good look at the trade deals we're signing and what the long term affects are and will be.
Excellent post April. I miss George Jonas. He shared many piercing insights like this one.
Not entirely. Cloth diapers use a lot of water, detergent, and electricity.
That and the stifling of scientific work that diverged from his ideological beliefs. If we don't know about it it doesn't exist - otherwise known as 'La-la-la-la, I can't hear you!!'
Bribes only count if you control the money...
Slanderous comment from The Great Malumba.
George Victor You do know healthcare is a PROVINCIAL responsibility right?
Perhaps you have not been watching the news. Already it is not worth digging up oil in Alberta.
Unless Peladeau sells ALL his shares, Quebecor will always be tainted with a separatistlabel. And with Mr. Mulroney as the Chairman, many will question the company's integrity.
Come on Dosibe. Get real. They want highly skilled, ticketed workers out west like welders and pipe fitters. Not just any unemployed Easterner who can hop on the bus!
If it was so minor, why did they go to such lengths to cover it up from the public? If it was so minor, why did so many people, according to the PM, hide it from the PM.
Why tax diet soda? No sugar. If you tax diet pop, then what are you really taxing?
This story is a prime example of the Globes non-parisan hands off approach. Let the reporters report without all the editorial bias built in.The CBC should take a huge lesson.
Atheism is a religion as well.
Whether or not the physicians were able to convince the child's 'misguided family' ( your words ) to do the right, thing, the legal system exists to protect the child. It failed here and that is what the article is about.
Name one Canadian policy that Harper has imposed that you would interpret as Hard -Right wing.
In Rob Ford's case it was more of a mea coca.
Having been born in the US but living in Canada for many years, and often traveling through the US, I can say with clear accuracy that Canada is an afterthought to most Americans. This is not a bad thing, unless you have an inferiority complex.
Logic dictates that if gun owners were as violent/stupid as hoplophobes say they are, there would be no hoplophobes left. We're not stupid, we just don't believe everything we're told, we've been burned too many times doing that.
majority, Barbie? Just that the facts are more Canadians oppose Harper than voted for him, eh?
Good of you to allow a child to die to uphold your principles
Harper never would have lifted a finger in the 2008/09 crisis if the Liberals and NDP hadn't forced him to. He gets zero credit for that. Remember how he shut down parliament for three months before agreeing to do anything?
what if the majority of gang members in Toronto were black men, would it be ok to discriminate against them?
More specifically how to stop aboriginal men from being violent offenders.
Now go have your nap Gramps, thats enough for today.
It is possible, but it will take a long, long time. Europe did it, albeit over centuries.
Were they ever "in country"? If so, where? How many casualties did we suffer?
he has to stay in the nudes
Thank you for another view.
Brilliant! I'm going to save this! Thanks....
So in other word's, you would fight them here.
POGG! That's Peace, Order & Good Government. That's in our Constitution. It's what Canada is supposed to be all about. Harper has brought us War, Chaos & Bad Government. For that I will be voting for someone else. And he is the WORST PM EVER.
NONSENSE !
Who is brave enough to stand up and lead a Muslim reformation?
WITNESSES FOR THE SIU INVESTIGATIONthere are about 20 cops who can be witnessesbut we know police have A CODE OF SILENCE and will not rat on each other or else... so this investigation will go nowhere
Roch, you don't think that the clamping of scientists cost money? How is stopping easy communication with research people ever a good idea?
RoFo has only completed 1 of the typical 6 or 7 attempts it takes to turn around multiple substance addiction. Anyone who has RoFo's best interests at heart would not want RoFo to be distracted by trying to be mayor of Toronto.
Wow I officially give up on the human species and no longer worry for our demise as it is clearly deserved. Humankind is without a doubt the worst animal in existence.
People who appreciate the 'huge cultural value' of the CBC can pay for it. Why do you expect me to?C.
Peace in our time?
Any relation between your Professor (Chairman) David Johnstone and David Johnston, GG, former president of the University of Waterloo ?And does your mathematics extend beyond accounting ?
Merkel was a dud on Greece but hats off to her for her response to the refugee crisis. If little Germany can take in so many, why can't Canada? It puts us to shame. We are no longer a can-do nation, but a can't, won't, don't-want-to-know nation.
Steve... think Hockey and puck...
Actually, Sea to Sky is tolled. It is a silent toll and the money goes from us (as taxpayers) directly to the private partner who has built and who operates the highway.
Amen to your comments. Well written.
In a word, balderdash.
"In other words, his economic policy depended on luck." And you think he would have made the same decisions if the entire game board were different? Based on what? Oh, I get it... "Because Harper".
A give away to a hedge fund. It is a cash cow. Surprised that the extension is staying in the peoples hands (for now). Probably because of the initial uproar.
Doug is the muscle of the operation. There are no brains.
The Globe's zeal to hate on the government elected by Canada once again leads them into absurdity.
Why don't you just come out and say it? This behavior fits a pattern. It's unacceptable and the person responsible for it needs to be turfed out. We'll get along just fine without him. Thank you.
Yep, Harper guided us through the great recession with those banking regulations that the previous Liberals had imposed. And what a statesman, balking at the UN and acting like a Bush-era lapdog. Such a leader.
that was a hard dose of saltpeter
@ Not the Alliance Lame response.
Yeah, but they're on the Opposition benches.
Hopefully separated soon...
This is worth reading as wellhttp://tinyurl.com/gn3hpcj
Thank god PC is coming to an end. If what the man said was true there is nothing wrong with it.
To repeat, (c) "Who says anyone raising this issue is conservative?" p.s. Stuff the insulting bigoted generalizations, sirencall. /..
The Millennials needs jobs, government has left them with low wage, blistering personal debt, government debt and outrageous housing prices! The day will come when generation scr-- ed wakes up and realizes that they have been lied to!
And about that little matter of nuclear waste??
Why is the US feeding them?
Average Age expectancy Pre-Columbian North America - 25 to 30 years. Average Age expectancy Canadian Aboriginal today - 73 years.
robo-con harper is a walking, talking f-bomb. (fraud)
She was to get treatment at McMaster, a world class hospital. I dont think in *this* case it was a matter of poor health care options.
If taking the oath in a female only room will make this idiotic issue go away, I'm all for it.Now, about that arms deal with the country the finances ISIS ...
Oh and the Liberals never lied, LOL.
If our school system rates so high ,wht is the functional illiteracy rate over 29% and climbing?
I am not sure what is silly, and if there is any story in what I wrote. You write about "deniers in the same tone as Inquisition spoke about heretics. Interesting. Just confirms my impression of climate change as new religion.
I guess the majority of that clan are not represented in the Globe comments ......
Rmiller101 you are truly an idiot.
Have you read the book? If not, what's holding you up?
don't feed the troll...
'Literally' kicked?
I would say they are 'expensive stock', even 'lucky' stock. It takes a certain 'nak' to get thru life without working yourself to death.
Don't ask him hard questions Peggy.
no you don/t...
'Most people of Ontario have not forgotten his outlandish broken election promises.'Indeed. He should have toughed it out against the insurance companies, and brought in provincial auto insurance.
'The same Security Council that'No. The resolutions demanding that Israel fulfill its legal obligations were put forth decades ago.
Sounds more like a make work project for unemployed 'aboriginal studies' teachers.
18 - 25 year old adults smoke weed now if they want to because it is easy to get. Legalization won't change anything in that regard.
High debt, low jobs, poor economy. Describes Canada today pretty well.
You have no idea what your are saying Petpieve is right to question you.
I would assume that Brad Wall will be taking a look at the 'not with standing clause.' Section 33 of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms in the Constitution of Canada
Um.. Harper didn't make this law ..it has been on the books for more than 20 years
If your a 40 year old guy with broken ribs at the hospital you will be treated like a drug addict or criminal. If you are teenage girl they will close down the ward for you.
Oh the word is out alright, but not the way you think.
Vaccines are not poisonous. It's really that simple.
Big Martini - careful with your bias - the BQ invented in & out but only the CPC was prosecuted for it. Either criticize them all for doing it or be prepared to be called partisan.
During the 2015 election campaign Justin Trudeau REPEATEDLY vowed that the 2015 general election would be the last one using the first-past-the-post voting system. Which part of that vow did you not understand?
The cases of the United States, believe it or not can have an influence on cases in our courts too.
So unless something is cancer it can't be studied? If it doesn't kill, it doesn't belong in a University course? No one is arguing that porn is the same as cancer or has the same effects. Very few things do. Does that mean they shouldn't be studied?
Rob Ford is not courageous. What a laugh!
If you believe that the New York Times and Fox News speak in the same tone, then you are not going to be able to contribute much to this discussion.
You said it, I didn't.
To Stat57by the same token should we ban ALCOHOL as it may lead to ALCOHOLISM?
Correct. Hardly anyone has been murdered defending electronic money. Just this summer three Brinks employees in Edmonton were murdered needlessly over cash. Very unlikely they would have been killed for their credit cards or cell phones.
I agree brother. I too have seen waaaay more black helicopters hovering over my house. When everybodies out to get you, paranoia is just good thinking.
Homer is a communist?
Not politically incorrect at all. The majority of Canadians support capital punishment for these kind of heinous crimes. It's just not a theme picked up in the liberal media.
Sort of like how all those Red, anti-Obama staes who whine about the oppresive ature of the federal government are the largest recipiants of federal funds every time the economy goes belly up.
Yes, you are...
Ah Preston, don't you regret your attempts to manipulate the party system first through Wild Rose then by trying to subvert Wild Rose? The bitterness must be eating away at your soul, if you had one.
@denglish4: Can you see me? I'm sticking my tongue out at you. Good night.
Just south of the border such data is widely available. And yes - the biggest purchaser of luxury RE property there is you typical cash buyer from China
Is that like being brainwashed to oppose absolutely every about the government in knee-jerk fashion, regardless of what it is?
Is she even mentioned in this article? What does our International Trade Minister have to do with this article?
Your comments are utterly absurd and are not borne out by one single factual argument.
Canada helps Brazil one day then robs them the next.
WNBA'nuff said
Pretty clear who wrote this, no? The name starts with 'I' and ends with 'bbitson'.
Hit the proverbial nail on the head.
Wow, what a bad summary of a complex study. Anyone really interested should read the actual report, particularly chapter 2.
James I hate to be the first to tell you, but Stevie's world is crashing down, and you are going to go down with it. We've had several years of the Economist's hand on on the till and all he's delivered is debt and unemployment to the middle class.
I'm with you on the illegal parts, baiting, lack of permits, but it seems likely that the guides were responsible for that. And most comments here seem to be supporting punishment because he killed a lion which is legal.
74% of Canadians agreed with her tougher screening plan. According to forum research poll.
good point
Strange how there are over one billion Catholics in the world though. Just saying...
'Christians in there own country', what country would that be. Canada has a large number of Christians but we are not a 'Christian' or any other religion, country.
Troll. Do not feed.
Harper tried to destroy Canadian middle class values and was rejected after only one term as a majority. The same will happen to this government if they run counter our values. Canadians occupy the middle fiscally and socially,
Well said. I am particularly thankful for the quality of journalism provided by CBC's foreign correspondents, despite cutbacks and increasing demand for instant reports.
Thank You!
Looks like you didn't understand the article at all. The threat, clearly outlined in the article, is that major newspaper chains, often owned by hedge funds in the United States, are increasingly in control of our news. Get real. Read more.
Thanks, Scrimbo.
Once again: A 'theory' in scientific terms is not what a layman would call a 'theory'.A few minutes with Wikipedia and Google will clear this up.
For too long Telus, Rogers and Bell have ruled the cell phone industry in Canada, to the detriment of all Canadians. I'm not a Harper fan, but on this subject he's spot on.
Great article, please update and reprint. It will be timely in the current debate on the value of NIMBism trumping national interest.
Sadly you're mistaken. Turnout was high in 2010. Ford's team got suburban voters out to vote in record numbers.
The 'word of God'? LOL please, spare us. It's only humans pretending to speak for a supposed (hypothetical) God. That's it.
You win the 'inserting Wynne into a piece on federal politics' award. Much like the Godwin.
JT is a celeb, not a leader.
How did you read my mind?
I suppose you've never heard of the Security Council, or why membership is important. But go ahead and maintain your ignorance, as Harper would want you to do.
I wrote that moral relativism is a major source of the problem. the GM censored that. lol.
There's no point anymore. He is just an angry man, who lashes out at anyone with the temerity not to give him what he wants. This is HIS majority government time! After years of having to compromise in Parliament. How DARE anyone temper his plans.
the same reason china buys property in Vancouver and Toronto as an investment - to make money - to make house prices unaffordable for the locals not to live in the live in is only a bonus people buy property as an investment
Yes, total fascists. Making the museum of civilization into a 'Canadian History' museum, the relentless targeting of the public service as the cause of all the country's woes. Worst government we have ever had.
yeah it would be terrible if he had actually hinted at assassination
So it's perfectly acceptable for politicians to drop the F bomb? I believe that is the topic.
First warm week this summer where I live. About time. Keep it coming.
"everywhere except China" Clearly you haven't been to Nova Scotia lately.
News flash - the government ( prime minister ) already controls the appointment of judges. Doesn't matter who the party in power are.
Xenophobia? How is that xenophobia?
Ok, nooow I get it.
This is the workout - hxxp://well.blogs.nytimes.com/2013/05/09/the-scientific-7-minute-workout/?smid=tw-share
True, but I think Trudeau will change his tune if the Conservatives eek out a plurality.
So lets follow this logic to Canada and cut down on the burdensome processes and forms for our poor and give them direct income improvement to make a better life - Hugh Segal and guarenteed annual income comes to mind.
Great article. Some pictorial evidence to support Margaret: http://themetapicture.com/and-this-is-why-women-live-longer-than-men/
'If he gets into office, no woman will be safe.'Is that similar to everyone in the U.S. fears for their safety because of too many guns? Both are wild exaggerations.
Sounds like another blaming the victim argument.
long before their barbaric practices tip line'the Harper govt were pros at playing the fear card
Prepaid credit cards. The point is to publicize the arrests to scare the drivers away. Given that Uber is ignoring the law, saying it is illegal and also saying the law is not going to be enforced is useless.
The solution is easy. We already know that legalizing, controlling and taxing will work by killing demand and taking cash away from the cartels. Look at Portugal. The real problem is finding politicians with the balls to impliment it.
You might also want to consider the role of Catholic priests and nuns in the Rwanda genocide as well.
there is no evidence of that; there is so much money around BECAUSE so many people are watching ...
....along with Child of the North's comment, I should add.
Bombardier is the biggest aviation employer in Ontario
Evidence that you're right: you resorted to insults to make your point (he must be right).
Sorry, boys, I didn't realize my big words were scaring you so. Let me see if I can turn myself into a typical Harper supporter with this here ball-peen hammer: (thunk) (thunk) (thunk) (thunk) Nope, critical faculties still functioning. Ah, well. ;)
Of course, this order of the OLF was issued under the government of pro-federalist Jean Charest, but don't let facts get in the way of a good rant.
There's a police investigation going on. Let them do their job.
I hope they remember JT who supports Energy East.
Not to mention that there are monies unaccounted for. One can only hope for a huge fall for Ontario, I want to see Liberals drive this province deeper.
Yakabuski has entered Burney and Hampson territory now...... In other words more suited for SUN News than a leading national paper......disgraceful.......
Our truthful answers will vanish or be deleted.
Half is true, in third world country like India, family worth much more.
Canada should have no business in this... Let the Saudi's and other local Arab countries contain the situation. The people who have to most to loose are the Saudi Sheiks. Let them by the planes and handle it.
What exactly makes you believe that you are entitled to their money?
Speaking rubbish to readers.
This is looking like the anti technology column written on computers.
You think we have a democracy?
Original thought trumps copy and paste.
someone mentioned compensation.....As an MD I would have to work for over 50 years at my best salary year to approach, not match, the one year salary of the contract signed by Lebron James...
So you're with the child pornographers?
Its odd that had this happened anywhere else in Canada we would be discussing bullying
That's nice, sweetie, you keep thinking that
Yet no one on here seems to disagree with me,this whole comment board is cheap speculative politics. Go somewhere else if you want the absolute truth.
You and your kids first.
'...always part of Russia..'!? C'mon man.
Stop luring Chinese students to come here - every one knows you don't have that resources and only lower the standard, kind of cheating. It makes the class rooms here so crowded that no kids can get a good education.
Yeah it keeps CONservatives in-line!
You could not be more wrong. Wanting change and voting as you see fit are not equal to being a Nazi. Blanket statements are rarely accurate. In your case more like just plain stupid.
Guan, what was the average intake of Immigrants for the last ten Yeas. Just curious?
is it true robo-con harper is moving to Cuba? job opportunity a man with experience.
I agree with you and have expanded the argument. Please read my opinion.
'people who wouldn't stand up to their own governments'I wonder if you would feel the same way if you and your children were barrel bombed? First by Assad and then terrified by ISIS?
Dead men, and women, have no opinions.
Does this mean Muslims who follow the Koran and believe gays should be killed cannot be allowed as lawyers or again are these law societies just cowards ?
According to Wikipedia the company went public on January 23, 1969. It would be interesting to know how the shares have done from that day forward given splits and reorgs.
the refugees gain. period.
Sorry but when a basic bachelor apartment in Toronto starts at $900 a month to rent, unless you have a roommate sleeping in the bath tub, most people have no choice but to spend 100% of what they make.
Because of the actions of this government, helen's comments have validity.
?What if a party leader were to suddenly fall ill or die?? What if you as the voter were to die?
Yes, a good book that received too little attention.
What exactly was self righteous or liberal in Rob's comment?
I suspect we will get the measure of the man - and the party - as they negotiate a Free trade agreement with China.
The whole thing seems to be a tea pot storm stirred up by this old guy for 2 minutes fame.
this op ed is pure rubbish people forget they incorporated a completely failed political and economic entity just 35 years ago and made it work we have nothing to teach or preach to the germans about how to run an economy
Nothing in the federal platform is radical either. People believe what they will until they don't. I mean, the GTA eventually voted in Harper.
Obama's Y chromosome is Luo....interestingly Einstein shared it....his brilliance evidently emanated from his X chromosome.
Good article. It is good to have a Governor General/Commander in Chief who has a firm grasp of Canada's values and history. This is far better than some of the shallow understanding of some recent predecessors.
So hatred of all Christianity is politically correct, but distrust of extremist Islam is bigotry?
Interesting and useful analysis. Surprised there was no mention of leadnow. ca's strategic voting initiative: http://www.votetogether.ca/
Get back? You can't go back to something that never existed.
It reminds of the much-mocked 'Cons sans Harper' editorial.
I think you are confusing the 2nd Nannie's role
If you read Aldo Leopold's Sand County Almanac you'll see that agriculture hasn't exactly been a friend of nature. If he were alive today, he'd be picketing Monsanto and the others.
'Great quote' I would love to know the context. JFK wrote of this type of leadership in Profiles in Courage. A commodity sadly lacking in the Cdn Parliament.
Nice - didn't expect to see an Arrested Development reference!
Odd... was this a 'special to the G&M'? A reprint from another source? Doesn't say....
Moon Howler, champion once again. Most thumbs down in any comments section he posts to.
The naturopaths prey on the sick and desperate and religious.
How do you mean? Most European states have a carbon tax, China has a national economy wide carbon tax starting in 2017, 10 US states have a carbon price with more coming on board soon. I can go on and on.As for revenue neutral please explain BC.
I read yours and it said 'Keep signing your name with an 'X''
Not bad, sir.
all those charges will be dismissed after the news dies down
Those are joke degrees, and in case you haven't noticed you don't think critically in University... you think the way the professor wants you to think to get a good grade.
It may be legal but it still stinks cant understand how you can defend either Duffy or Harper on this one
Go file a grievance!
I think Norway (could be another Scandinavian country) has a system with two colours of prescription pads. One is for essentials and is covered. The other is for less essential drugs and is only partly covered.
Hear! Hear!
Harper: 'What are you trying to say, Bob?'
Judging by your thumbs down, you must have touched a raw nerve with the Ontario Liberal apoloigists.
Bitter nasty politics coming out of Alberta. It is blowing up in the face of the conservatives there. And... expect it will shortly across the country as people better understand The Harper Government?.
I don't think the article supports your thinking at all. It very clearly states that these reactions are extremely rare.
Lorna, what is your take on the story of the great deluge? In that scenario god euthanized most of the human race for being 'sinful'. Whether you consider it literal or allegorical it doesn't say much for the sanctity of human life by your creator.
What a waste of time this guy is...very inexperienced in he needs a reality check..
Excellent Column Mr. Boisvert
What was with Harper's use of the phrase 'old stock Canadians'? Sounds a lot like the 'pure laine' reference by extreme nationalists ion Quebec. A strong whiff of racism in that phrase. Too many Canadians not WASP enough for you Steve?
do you think the NDP could get 39% like Harper over Justin's dead body as they say
Do you sometimes get the impression that it's not the kids who are on drugs, but the legislatures themselves ?
got enough canned goods & bottled water?
Canada and Germany are the only stupid ones left. Look how the USA doesn't want a free trade deal with an old foe dictating European policy.
Hahahaha. 'real diplomatic influence' hahahahaha
Sandstorm - are you the resident Indian apologist. Consider this if India's culture and system is so superior how come millions keep immigrating to the US and Canada?
Missing from the list: Bill S-219. Trashes Canada's relationship with Vietnam and expresses love for a military dictatorship by declaring a national day to mourn the fall of Saigon. Unique in all the world.
Because she is a Dalton McGuinty Liberal.
Harper did very well on the deficit thing- and what do we have to show for it?
heinous: abhorrent, abominable, atrocious, contemptible, damnable, deplorable, detestable, diabolic, disgusting, dreadful, egregious, evil, execrable, foul, ghastly, hateful, horrendous, horrible, horrid ......
Obama is all over the map calling for national soul searching, flaring up further racial divide, but totally mute on Detroit financial crisis. Leadership and priority!
Religion, of all stripes, fashions itself as the 'Healer'. And yet, in some instances, seeks to out and isolate the other.
: prohibition is nothing but a subsidy to crime.
There is a judge who disagrees with you in his findings in the Duffy trial.
[ Cruz was born in Calgary]But you squint and get the light just right, Calgary can seem a very American city.
Actually to say you speak for the majority of Canadians means you are wrong, and don't give me the poll garbage, they have been more wrong than right the last 5 years of politics in this country.
Sure, and people who worked hard to pay off their mortgage should pay extra property tax... right. Donald Trump is looking for thinkers like you.
Unfortunately you're also swallowing all sorts of antibiotics and Bovine Growth Hormone along with that US milk, as well as patronizing those heavily subsidized US milk producers.
Guns make killing too easy, too sanitized, too impulsive. You don't even have to look the victim in the eye, like you did in days of yore.
Or has paid sick leave.
Unfortunately it's not just the anti-vaxxers who are being hurt. And it's not just their kids. It's everyone else's kids that are being endangered as well.
Has the shoe finally dropped for some people?
ah, sure , but this is an opinion forum not a voting booth. And us sanctimonious Canadians have the same right to free speech you arrogant Americans have. Everyone is entitled to their own stupid opinion.
Well said. The way we are going these people are going to be telling us what to do, how to live. These people are laughing and enjoying themselves as they slowly take over our country.
too highbrow for them.
But the last election was where people did not think there were any other possibilities in Alberta. With the election of Rachel Notley, that now changes so don't rely on the election results from last time to determine next time.
Good link!
toronto loves this leftie spending madness as long as the rest of the province pay for it
'Filipinos are known to have a natural skill for welding which is seen as a huge plus over the other nationalities.'Wow. Just wow.
that's a lie kravitz.
They're probably got lovely bathrooms.
Read Edward Said. Bernard Lewis is a colonial apologist, much like Niall Ferguson.
Just remember that if we change government they will also have to campaign on how they will reduce the CO2 and the longer we wait the more drastic the change. it will also cost us money.
Northrop, please.
Great - if you actually get the chance to interview for the job.
You obviously do not have any kids in a BC school
But I thought this was a Prime Minister of 'Real Chang'. Now you think he should just do what the previous one did? Animal Farm all over again.
Don't count on it!!!
wanna bet do yourself a favour and read up on clearing your browser's cache
What does the Queen have to do with it?
No, no. You should ALWAYS sell 'magic' beans for a cow. What you should NEVER do is sell your cow for 'magic' beans.
...and Colin7 confirms Psalm 14:1. 'The Fool says in his heart, there is no God.'
Why is it that when the media has an article about political corruption, there is always a picture of Wynne with the article?
Well, he's going to bring in 'fair' elections, isn't he?
I'd agree with you but for the treaties that were negotiated and continue to be in force. Those treaties provided first nations rights that cannot be ignored and gave benefits to the government we continue to enjoy.
@ AllanRoss. What's your real name ?It can't be Allan Ross. It must be Abduallah Suleimani al Balushi.
Ideally, no.
How about a tax on deep ecology koolaide.
Well, since Stevie's friend Doug Ford admitted he wouldn't be able to recognize Margaret Atwood, I think I'd rather be on the side of the academics. There aren't enough hillbillies left to give Stevie the most seats.
They'll return home when the smoke clears. Refugees who come to Canada stay for good.
Maybe after Summer holidays it will become more of an issue. Until then - Ho hum zzz.
Can barely skate despite all his hockey braggadocio: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/05/opinion/lets-get-putins-attention.html Ok, it's a hockey skills competition walkoff, buddy. Me vs. wobbly ankles old guy !
How could anyone have POSSIBLY seen this happening? Oh wait - it should have been anyone.
The Duffy case bares similarity to a mafia case, where the henchmen do all the dirty work and the boss says I did not do it and I know nothing about it
Such silliness. It will be up to the right to fix 12 years of Liberal rule.
The press is out to hunt headlines - so any nonsense 'science' will do !
Things I hope are becoming clearer. Not holding my breath on that.
Excellent!!
Welcome to the club.
Obviously a silly argument. The NFL and world-class rugby get by without fighting, and still ahve vast amounts of heavy contact.
Hope you're right, J5. Good post.
Hint: don't look. There ya go, distress resolved. You're welcome.
Judging by your comment there seem to be a helluva lot of commenters here with half a brain.
oxymoron - 'distinguished conservatives'..
JeffereyC, The comment was more about the ability of the watch to survice certain situations (like getting wet) that a smartphone won't, and less about whether I need to know the time and any particular moment.
PET tried to destroy Canada and may he burn in hell.
Addicts are people who CANNOT equally say no. To the person comparing giving up heroin to tobacco or CHEWING YOUR NAILS... I don't even know what to say to you.
Sorry Ron but your feeble attempt at mocking me won't work. Don't believe in god or religion. I do however unlike yourself won't mock them like you and other bitter enlightened leftists continually do.
you have to go online to cancel
Wiaruz-I'm afraid that this country's media tends to the 'Port' side, if you know what I mean. Either honout the deal under which he was sent to Canada or send him back to Guantanamo.
' A rose by any other name smells as sweet....' Call them what you like. It changes nothing.
i hope you do not mean the liberals when you use the expression 'centre left.'
And Id be curious to see the reaction from the anti-Harper crowd had it been Harper making these comments. No doubt theyd be claiming he personally has blood on his hands
Entertainment news / or simply news they might see at home or elsewhere. Or hearing a schoolmate talk about Shomi's prized acquisition, Transparent, which is plastered on bus shelters.
Where is 'back east'?From you deliberate vagueness, I deduce that it wasn't Toronto. If it wasn't Toronto, then what is the point of your post?
And according to the Quebec separatists, so is Canada. You just gave the exact same reasons the Separatistes give for living Canada
yes they can. A government can abrogate contracts and specify in legislation the amount of compensation, if any, that will be paid. It can do so retroactively as well.
Perhaps she need to become more than a one trick pony.
OuchThe truth hurts re: Ont fiscal situation.
Totally agree with your remark re the tone. Down right Gregorian.
I have a master's degree in history, and have read plenty about the inter-war nationalist movements in Europe, thanks. Richard Evans' meticulously researched works are enough to spike your misinformation.
There could be simple rules put in place. One I can think of: no free assistance to dual citizens who ask for it in their second country (ie Lebanese issue)
Y'all be stoopid as fuck.
No. Your interpretation of Cook's emails is fake.
Canada's damp, slightly dumb jewel. Like Lindsay Lohan in a car wash.
You do realize Mexico can pay for the wall by ways other than direct cash right? The USA gives millions in aid to Mexico yearly. A portion of that would be redirected. Simple. But not for the easily duped columnists and their blind followers.
Overstating the obvious.
Tory takes the subway to work- (but he gets there early- unlike the last one)
Haven't you figured out that hundreds or thousands of small projects scattered all over the province will, in its totality, be a larger environmental threat than one or two massive but contained projects?
whatever that means
When you have zero credibility Mr. Clement you will attract the scorn of Canadians outside your 'bought' riding who will always associate you with your former masters Harris and Harper. Good luck in the leadership race against Doug Ford.
Would proportionality correct the democratic injustice arising from the fact that a Labrador/Nunavut/Yukon/PEI/NWT vote is currently worth 4 southern Ontario votes in terms of its influence on parliamentary representation?
Not his best work
Just curious - what exactly is the 'professional protested class'?
Very informative and thought-provoking piece. Thank you G&M.
Yeah, like that will solve anything. Those people will then look to some other deity or e leader and ascribe god like characteristics to them. Hitler, Stalin, Pol Pot, the rogues list goes on and on and they had nothing to with religion.
Thank you for this commentary. Insightful and very well said!
Obama has been given a free pass.
Yeah, you got that right. Anytime now, I expect to read a 'It's all Harper's fault!' in the mix...
Wish he'd said that.
BTW, four complainants indicates either or both of two things:-there's a conspiracy; -there's truth to the complaints.
And STILL not denying the points in the article.
Sunny Ways!
It's hard to say what is more odious about Harper; his hypocrisy or his contempt for the rules and the Canadian people.
Hate meets Hate.
Let's go for more UN screw ups like Somalia, Croatia, Rwanda, Boznia, and Kosovo! Great successes all!?
A very honest article. I would love to vote for him but he is missing that 'vision thing.' He makes some great quips but the plan is missing. There is just not enough substance. I think Harper will win again with a minority.
The reason there are no comments is because nobody cares, I mean, with all the huge problems facing the globe, why is this even an issue.
Ok, then by your *logic* Vietnamese immigrants should be running amok in the US and Canada. What? They're not? How can that be? Is it because they're not Muslim?
And yet you spam-shill without shame here. -1 credibility.
I'm sure he'll be thrilled.
It seems to me that if there were paid Cons on here then there would be more pro-Con posts than Liberal ones. Since there are usually about 10 Libs per Con post there are likely paid Liberals on here pumping up the numbers.
Sure, for the news junkies. How many Canadians beyond those of us that still read the news are following and understanding what is going on? I find it difficult to get a read on this.
'Stature'? You have to be kidding.
Liberal Party? Clearly truth in advertising isn't happening in BC.
The Convention Hall is cleaned up and has closed its doors on the Biennial Event. Just like the trash generated by such an Event, the Liberal Party Platform is on its way to the Dump, where it belongs!
Oh yeah, they are perfectly compatible. No civilization is able to survive without a strong military to defend it against barbarians. ISIS are just the latest bunch of barbarians showing up. If you think otherwise, you are naive.
Cooperation is hard for cowardly bullies.
The privilege, it burns!
Men MUST use condoms if they don't want a baby. That's taxed. ---------------------- So MUST women. I guess men could just get a vasectomy. That's a tax WRITE OFF. You're very juvenile, as well as misogynist, DustyPixie.
ya vol heir fuhrer.
Ms Wente's only contribution to the G&M is to deliver writings that are so outrageous that the generate a lot of clicks from irate readers. She's all about clicks and eyeballs, not about informative journalism.
If people want to camp on public land why shouldn't they be allowed?
Was Margaret Thatcher really a woman?
Exactly... these people are like Donald Trump. Time for some chlorine in the Reform Party gene pool. How do they hug their kids these monsters.
Democracy: three wolves and a sheep deciding what's for dinner.
A niqab wearing woman was quoted as asking, 'please talk to us, smile at us', oblivious to the irony of asking for reassurance through our FACIAL EXPRESSIONS while denying us the same. How about some reciprocity?
..... and Clinton knows she will never get a single misogynist and racist vote while running against a misogynists and racists like Trump
Are Christians forbidden to receive blood transfusions?
This editorial would get a 6 out of 10 in a Grade 12 English class
the last thing you are is unbiased and non partisan.
A time will come ( not long from now ) when the decline in the Mexican birthrate and the growth of its economy will reduce immigration from Mexico to a trickle America will then have to comb the world for people to work in its economy.
the Liberals have been bashing the F-35 procurement for YEARS.
Everyone in Tahrir Square had a smartphone too, and yet they protested and ousted two Egyptian presidents.
right on jim. the people who write articles like this and then totally fail to look at the impact on Canadians of all these lower paid people supressing wages, are either stupid or corporate shills.
No need mento look at anything. This has CIA written all over it. How do we disconnect Canada?
Knowing history and prehistory helps a lot. Who is Ezra Levant?
Congratulations on your success. I commend your inititiative.
That he can't spell is telling.
Exactly. Thank you.
I agree Pause. Western Canada shouldn't have to fund their permanent vacation.
Lot of good that does. Their lives were stolen from them.
thank you for that comment, Mr Stackhouse
Yeah, okie dokie then...
When somebody uses the word 'patriot' you can pretty well assume he is a extreme right winger.
are you NDP?
As we have virtually no public transit and the infrastructure we do have is in a deplorable state of repair, I think we in Canada have a long, long, long way to go before we have to start worrying about diminishing marginal returns, Monkey.
Spot on, OB.
Oh you are so right. I would say for 60 years.
Where is the 'free ride'? Drivers already pay some of the highest gasoline taxes in North America. Those taxes were earmarked for the maintenance of the road system.
She's out to lunch on this one.
"The ads from the federal government have been going on since Chretien, perhaps before Chretien." Because "tu quoque" is always an appropriate response when pointing out that something is fundamentally immoral or undemocratic....
Yet another one-issue fringe voter...
'You know, most Canadians, if they don't show up for work, they don't get a promotion!'Thomas Mulcair
Yes because we can't have a male officer look at her face, now can we? Why are we bothering to fight ISIS in Iraq when we're establishing the same thing right here in Canada?
You can wallow in misery, anger and hatred if you so choose. I choose to live. To each their own I guess.
Not only that, but I'd be interested in how (if?) the management at G&M monitor compliance.
For The Globe's editorial board to stop being so schizophrenic? I agree with you there.
Another new account, you fraud? Give yourself another 20 votes.
USA, Russia... arms dealers.
On whatever planet the author of this article resides, TFSAs may be a problem, but here on Earth, they're great.
Reads like he hit himself on the head. Many times.
... and all she had to do is 'apologize' ... and saying she wouldn't do it again .... and all is hunkey-dorey ..... and then she launches a Gender War against Trump and re refuses to fess up and 'apologize'.... what a cad he is ....lol
Got it wrong, dude. Our failing dollar should boost exports,-- except for Wynne's sky-high electricity rates and her "investments" in bureaucracy and red tape (i.e. taxes).
Or we can endure some short term pains and let em walk Alex.. .Extortion tactics will not work anymore, we've had it!
In Canada he would be jailed before he could be married to her.
Only young, wealthy Liberal supporters from downtown Toronto should be allowed to vote, ever again. We cannot afford another failure like all governments were before Justin Trudeau's
Exactly. Who cares?
It would have been devastating with Quebec having great veto power - why should Quebec have greater veto power? It did not make sense and never will.
Simple logic. Hey Mulcair and Trudeau act what you preach. Or keep being an hypocrite.
All three political parties want high immigration and TFWs. Who can you really vote for? They all work for the corporate elite. Anyone questions high immigration scream it loud 'racism'It usually works....
So how is Harper's throwing away money on targeted family this and that tax breaks any better, it's just a different flavour.
And you know this How?
You describe something like China's ruling Communist party.
Are you this charming in person too? Or only behind the veil of internet anonymity?
'Mayor of New York is the second most powerful job in the US'Umm, ...the Speaker of the House, Senate Majority Leader, Vice President, Governor of any medium or large state. The Mayor of NYC is not even close to any of them.
Kenney is not universally loved in many Alberta constituencies. In fact, he is reviled by many Alberta provincial PCs for his open campaigning for Wild Rose in last year's provincial election. He is also just plain weird.
'Everybody is a genius. But if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid'. -- Albert Einstein
Thank you, Globe and Mail, for this self-serving promo from CPC headquarters from Mr Watts, the scion of probably the largest Conservative-friendly PR firm in Canada.
...And to pile on, the original compromise around schools took place in what was then the colony of Canada (i.e., now Ontario and Quebec). If a bilateral amendment works for Quebec, it most certainly works for Ontario.
So let me get this straight. An Ontario teacher can no longer get 20 paid sick days a year because of PM Harper?....lol....what a joke... lol...
Russia has the right idea. Bomb the hell out of ISIS- get rid of these murderers. Take Syria back for the Syrian people. I think the West has to stop fighting ideological wars on behalf of Israel.
Welp, better start taxing those forests then. That'll learn 'em.
Most of the liberal arts can be self taugh, technical subjects generally require more guidance.
Do those tea-leaves show you the winner of the 1.15 at woodbine? Just asking.
And tax it ...
Go ahead, Toronto, become the laughingstock of the entire world. Vote for Rob Ford! You will be loved by comedians worldwide!
Baton Rouge Shooting Jolts a Nation on Edge - The New York Times.'America has problems, but not the ones you hear about'. The usual media doublespeak and slapping their own face.
Right. Sweden ? high-tax, welfare state capital of the world ? is Europe's leader in tech start-ups.http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/newsbysector/mediatechnologyandtelecoms/11689464/How-Sweden-became-the-startup-capital-of-Europe.html
If Suzuki finds our multicultural immigration system so 'disgusting' & that Canada is 'full' then perhaps he should practice emigration and leave ! He has long since past his best before date!
oh, and it took half of cyrpus away for its own. half a country! invaded and occupied for decades!
Try to find an article which really tells the truth about all these men pushing their way through Europe.
Stop it Avi, you're not supposed to comment on your own column.
Please tell me that you don't think that Bill and Hillary Clinton have principles, ethics and class?
The soldiers on the ground even admitted he killed no one and threw no grenades. He only admitted to it to be out of that hellhole known as Gitmo.
Maybe Torontonian got up on the wrong side of the bed today...?
Sometimes she is not, but is capable of doing so
Felt like to me he was using her to me.
Richard:' The National Enquirer has been around for decades.
Sorry but you cannot blame Hillary Clinton's weakening chances on Sanders. She's a smart woman but she's simply not good at campaigning. To have lost to a black man in 2008 in the USA (speaking of electability) is telling.
Right, because the elected party shouldn't be concerned with what is best for Canada when they can be feathering their own nest? I agree that is often the political reality, but your statement condones that behaviour.
Imagine that he had to bow to absolute spectacles such as the always rabid and frothing at the mouth Pierre Polievre who was rewarded for his obnoxiousness with cabinet minister positions. Must have been a kick in the teeth.
"getting sick is part of life" Tell that to the kid in the iron lung suffering from polio, just so his moronic parents could be fashionable.
Didn't Marcus Gee write an almost identical article about two weeks ago?
Dogs are taught tricks, too. l
Ascalepius, If the US system collapsed, or moved to a Canadian system, we would not lose our highly trained doctors to the US. They would stay here and therefore those services would be provided here. We wouldn't need an overflow.
This is exactly the sort of article Mr. Martin is paid to write. Take that as you will.
PRC, CPC or both?
...and reputations intact and horizons unimpeded
Too funny... Not to a bright-eyed 'know-a-good-thing-when-I-see-it) advertising agency Sales Director it ain't. Wouldn't be surprised if Bob from Calgary (Edmonton) got a call...
Actually, no. He is a very smart man, with good intentions, and highly principled. Which is why he is so frightening; the road to hell being paved with good intensions and all...
And may well re-elect him
Don't boycott Sochi, boycott TD Canada Trust for sponsoring the World Pride 2014 event in Toronto.
Yup, welcome to the land of 'tolerance' according to Stephen Harper. Some animals are more equal than others, and tolerance is more to some than others.
My you're truly an optimist without borders. Tell me, do you think Harper will improve just as soon as Flaherty balances the deficit or will we be losing more cash via Summits, fake lakes, glow sticks and toilets without paper trails ?
Who's the 'known criminal' you're referring to? I think it's libel to label someone a criminal in a publication without having proof of a conviction, is it not?
Thanks for this timely reminder of what Preston Manning stands for. Despite his ability to get the professor to retract this letter, we all know it's true and know how voter suppression was used in in the 2011 election.
Now you're just talking common sense. That won't fly for narrow minded social justice warrior clique.
Raising taxes is easy because taxpayers don't complain, so why wouldn't politicians keep doing it ?
Headlines are interesting: 'How much has Wente been drinking?'
Yeah, let's make another law that covers the last two laws. Redundant, NO, really!!!
Stagnating economy, huge deficits, job losses....but hey let the good times roll unabated at the trough. Yes yes.
Because of what the Niqab symbolizes. You may say it symbolizes freedom of religion and/or expression here in Canada, but throughout the world it symbolizes the oppression of women. It is hard to reconcile the two perspectives.
1) One does not "remand" a trial, one adjourns it: and that One is not a politician. 2) This is not a case before the Supreme Court. Don't you two know anything about our judicial system?
I can't tell whether you are serious or sarcastic. LOL
Ahahaha! You are truly delusional.
Here in BC we have a premier who (despite her faults) has the guts to stand up to the teachers.
I don't think you understand the meaning of cuckold.
Really Dartguard? was there a base in Cape Breton before the first world war?
It's becoming more and more obvious that our government doesn't know what its doing or where Canada's involvement will lead to.
And you my friend refuse to face up to what is happening. But then perhaps you are part of the chosen few that benefits from this faux conservative government. Perhaps you are a gazebo builder, or an off shore account holder, or .....
Magna Carta iz one of the biggest parts of the myth making regarding the development of democratic government. It enshrined the rights of the King and nobility but not much regarding the Commons.
Yep Reagan was relentlessly ridiculed from his first attempt and scoffed at his chances to be president.
This is true. The only reason Wynne won last time is because PC's chose an unelectable leader.
'Pig in the poke' Obama is wallowing in his sty.
We are a part of nature. Anybody who sets himself/herself apart is delusional. The 'settled science' of climate change took away attention from real environmental problems; those cult leaders from IPCC have a lot to answer for.
you dont get it: there is no winner in a major war (now) - only losers. Unless you suppose life in a sealed cave is 'winning'.
The question surely is 'why with this rich vein of Jewish lineage running through leftwing intellectual traditions' does the left still harbour anti-Semitic elements.
Do you have any data on that? checking these lawyer twitter feeds - don't see a conservative yet.
with that hair cut the talking point in a suit resembles a member of the hitler youthand acts like one
Canadians are the experts in identity issues. For decades we didn't know if we were Canadians or British. Then millions of us didn't know if they wanted to be Canadians or Quebecers. Now we're not sure if we want to be Canadians or Americans.
Best quote ever.
When discussing democracy and prosperity, why choose repressive, autocratic Singapore as an example rather than, say, Switzerland?
My understanding is that by 1998 the Clintons were almost bankrupt. Then they set up their charity and now their net worth are over $200 million. In the US I can see this happening however NOT in Canada.
That is precisely why such decisions are not in the hands of victims or governments who have re-election to consider. The whole basis of our system is to remove as far as possible the punishment from mob think.
My prediction: history will judge Snowden as a hero who sacrificed his own future and freedom for ours. Thank you Edward Snowden.
An irresponsible, immoral cynic! Thats our Maggie. Harper's best friend and an enemy of Canada.
What was never explained about the Greek situation: the unbearable burden imposed on such a small country by the military spending they feel they need to fend off any potential Turkish threat. The same applies to Cyprus.
The story of this article is not the drug thing zag....read the article. Its ABOUT HOW BAD ROB IS AS MAYORDo you even bother to read things?
FRENCH'S IS AN AMERICAN COMPANY. Good Lord, people!! Follow the money!!! And if you really want to 'shop Canadian', buy a 100% CANADIAN product! Like Thomas' Utopia!!
They're typically much better educated and have much more transferable skills than other groups, such as Kosovars and Tibetans from Nepal, that we have resettled in the past.
Then boycott all the Nobel winning technologies that Israel has produced.
Honest, but more importantly to the voters of BC, stupid.
So you too cannot answer these simple questions.
It was the position of the bigoted PC's until recently that a Government Leader should not marry a girl from France...
Trudeau would be an total embarrassment as PM.More and more people are realizing this. Notice old airhead didn't even speak in the Iraq debates the past few days. His handlers must have told him to shut up and stop embarrassing himself.
Darn that Stephen Harper appointing 7 leftists to the Supreme Court of Canada!
Golda MeirIndira GandhiBenazir BhuttoEllen Johnson SirleafSheikh Hasina Tsai Ing-wenDalia Grybauskait?... the list goes on. The world doesnt revolve around the US.
I think the Canadian Olympic uniforms should have a massive Rainbow Flag added to the back of them. I'd love to see Russia try to arrest entire Olympic teams.
Sure, you keep on believing that.
You would rather Trump fail just to prove you right? Sad, very sad. But not surprising.
And How many jihadists and sharia law proponents in the mix?
Yes the GM never disappoints !
Ole' Curmujdgeon, every word you said I agree with.
up early formerlyfromcalgary! Working today?????
Zarny this is an opinion piece, not journalism. Shoddy piece of comment on your part.
I meant Guelph will go Liberal, not Tory.
C'est fun to do so n'est pas ?
Trump definitely speaks his mind, but often it seems that he doesn't know what the hell it is.
French immersion is not about a 'better environment'. It is about learning to be bilingual and the benefits that that entails. French immersion cannot be compared to Catholic schools in any meaningful way.
'Peter Stockland: I think the real question is why the onus is constantly put on the Church to adapt to the inconstancies of the age.'========HAHAHAHAHAHAAAA!!!Okay, go ahead, don't adapt.
it seems NINE years of Harp's benevolent administration has driven some leftists mad Michelle, i rest my case
Fred you always having something to blame men for. You blame men for women, for minorities, for immigrants, for refugees and for natives... just saying.
Who should live on a reserve: Nobody.
You cut-and-paste the same talking points in multiple messages on this thread. Who is paying you?
Fear is ugly.
exactly right Looner !!
in that case ban ALL prayer, which mean when other groups want Friday prayers. a firm NO. it doesn't work one way
Idiotic or not, I seriously doubt that you coined that expression.
Because the Minsk commitment satisfies neither the ethnic-cleanser nor the western carpet-bagger factions in Ukraine.
'The usual apologist crap from academics.'-------------Because it doesn't fit the mainstream narrative, you reject it? Maybe the earth is really flat?
This: Again, you accuse me of racism. Please, point out where I am derogatory or demean a rcae of people....unless the problem you have is that anyone that 'supports' Aboriginal people must then be racist by association.
'Is it too late to stop the Trump train?'Didn't you just write the exact same column four days ago? I'll bet you the comment will say the same this time as last time: Why is the Globe proceeding under some assumption that Trump ought to be stopped?
Trudeau will not show all of his cards this early, despite what the ReformaCONs wish. Harper will be crushed in 2015, if he doesn't have the good sense to quit beforehand
Your comment just illustrates that you have no actual clue.
It's pretty simple really: There are a lot of great things about Canada that have nothing to do with the Queen. I'm Canadian and I love it here, but I've been saying we should abolish our ties to the monarchy for years.
Rob Love is a political hack, I don't pay $20.99 per month to read this crap.
No, that would be David Thompson. Surprised? If my dad left me $25 billion I doubt I'd have a clue about the general public either, those damn moochers.
Unless it's just a few seats shy. Otherwise if he gets between 165-169 seats, he might be able to survive but anything under 165 seats and it's not very likely.
Would I give up my job for a life like that? Abso-fucking-lutely
When was Quebec ever sovereign?
@theojulien Best comment I've seen in awhile.
As healthcare eats more and more of each province's budget (nearing 50% in every province) change will come as the provinces hollow out all other ministries. Unfortunatelythe longer we wait the harder the cure will be.
interesting title for a person named A.M Slaughter
Quantity because he wouldn't let anyoe do anything; everything him. How can you say most of us found him wanting when he got such a big kick he wouldn't even say he is stepping down as a leader?!
sorry you don't have the capacity to understand that 'rich' resource is killing the planet.
2 different points of view is a good thing if only leftist rags would do the same
Yes Russia is learning from the USA. US is teaching democracy 101 to the entire world . Nobody really wants their lessons, but they insist.
I had the same thought. Whenever I hear the words '...hard-working taxpayers...' on TV or the radio, I change the channel/station. (In truth, I change for anything preceded by 'This is a paid political announcement.')
I can see that you have carried on a good battle with the ignorati who are now so gloriously displaying themselves. Thank you for your efforts!
Yes agree... but cold weather and extreme cold affect most things... even gas powered cars... PS...5 Effects Of Extreme Cold On Smartphones...
ruthmatthews, can Rob Ford find something more interesting to [do] except slander and scandal, slander and scandal? Isn't that the real question? (that you've conveniently chosen to ignore)
what happened to propane cars ..
Just because you and the Globe and Mail think the ads failed doesn't make it true. The ads are quite accurate at showing the emptiness of Trudeau.
You have to explain why this article in not drivel?
So, people in Basque are allowed an identity but in Canada we are just Marxist clay that can be run over by the whole world?
The FORD SUBWAY - SHEPPARD IS THE RIGHT SUBWAY, for Scarborough....IT IS THE ONLY SUBWAY .... THAT DOES NOT FEED THE YONGE/BLOOR PROBLEM. KEEP THE KENNEDY TRANSFER... and Kennedy Go is your Toronto Relief Line, or atleast a big part of the equation.
Look carefully and you can see US interference as the cause of the jihad. The Arabs/Muslims are retaliating.
Vancouverites are in mourning.
I really dont understand the legal aspects of this. I know the OPP hass been investigating, but it never seems to go anywhere. The purchase and possession of crack is illegal.
Thanks for refuting Garneau's "technical" sounding nonsense.
Only academics and journalists think killing our enemies is a bad idea. Normal people know otherwise.
You have put your hand on it Puddy we are dealing with a bunch of spoiled brats who are experts at draggins on agovernment tit
'the relationship of respect and credibility,' indeed. The problem, it seems to me, is the Conservatives are utterly incapable of such relationships with anyone or any institution that does not faithfully agree of all their positions.
God forbid that multivariate complexity confuse the critical thinkers graduating from our education establishment.
She's not commenting on Brexit, she's doing something much more surprising -- commenting on the one-note media coverage of it.
Good point smac the waterfront of the GTA has plenty of it
In Jeff's world somehow cutting consumption taxes 'dampens spending'? What colour is the sky in your world?
Ezra Levant ???? Is that you ?
'I want a job but I don't want to have to actually go to my job'Whine whine whine whine whine whine whine. With such perverse senses of entitlement, how does these people ever get jobs in the first place?
That's it in a nutshell!
No its not simplistic at all. This is an ideal that should be strived for. All should be equal. Period.
Good point. You could also ask do people--not just the poorly educated--read at all? Do they ask questions pertinent to their lives?
how do you repair a reputation?
...nice turn around... lol...whoever wins... not all bad when you have called the election wrong for over a year! lol
Ignorance loses, and then they ultimately end up on the dole anyway, a la their idol, Ayn Rand.
The article is not about Harper, Canada or any other nation but Kenya. When will you people give up?
That doesn't even make sense.
Most commentators obviously know little or nothing about black bears, nor do they understand that the few dedicated hunters of bears hunt them for food.
You are making me laugh!!! Silly lefty.
The Art of Writing--when placed on paper--is almost gone. Do not let it happen Margaret. I read your digital version today and imagine you writing it with pen and ink. Am I correct? There is a place for both in modern society. Thank you
Moseby, Naaaaaa. It's all about the money. Scared, submissive, compliant, obedient work drones make good wage slaves.
All the "scientific" people you know are sceptical? I'm guessing you don't know too many climate scientists.
Yeah, right, the Feds are the epitome of good management. That's why Canada is such a train wreck nowadays. Ontario's a mess, Quebec's a mess, Alberta's a mess, BC is a mess.... yup, Tory Times are tough times.
Its a black mark on the feminist movement who think they can make up law on an ad hoc basis to suit their needs at any point in time.
Veritates, if you hometown is in Ukraine perhaps you should go over there and do what you feel necessary - dragging Canada into this issue is irresponsible.
#ss: ...and an irrelevant one in the context of this discussion.
Not really. There are long periods of time when a civilization is vigorous, growing, and there are long periods of time when it is falling, so it kind of depends when you're living.
Shame on the PMO and Harper for being in on this to deflect away from Del Mastro. Shame on the NDP and Mulcair for being part of this in order to smear Trudeau.
Of course, the only reason the Israelis attacked Lebanon in he first place was to retaliate against Hezbollah...
Actually the NDP and Libs have been bickering forever. So you lose on this one.
'The bylaw was never enforced but the city posted warning signs in response after losing a second lawsuit, in which a local lawyer was awarded more than $900,000 after suffering a spinal injury while sledding at a city reservoir.'That figures.
Got screwed by the liberals more than once. They became the LIEBERALS.
The Empire Strikes Back (Taxes).
I was surprised at the Globe opening things up for comments on this editorial.
And don't forget, T-lite promised us dope too !
djw: How can you even pretend that? The warming has slowed since 2001 but the warming continues. It continues in the lower limits of the 'expected range'.Perhaps you should enlighten us all with your place of information because it is wrong.
I saw the list. I didn't see any celebrities. I saw ex world leaders and Supreme Court Judges, People of thought and accomplishment. Where would you stand on that list?
Disgraceful ad hominem (or should I say, ad feminem) attack. Dispute the opinion, not the character of the opiner. Garbage
Allan Ross - review the employment standards act and see how many jobs are explicitly excluded from almost all of the rules (for instance, in my profession the act only applies to severance, everything else is fair game).
Only stupid countries like Greece, Israel, Italy and Australia follow the tail-wag-the-dog (5 seat party dictating the 50 seat party) system. That is undemocratic,
Yes - please go - and dont come back.
That's the impression I got.
It's because of her picture on the bus. OO
Life is far better now for billions of people than at any time in human history. There was no golden age. If there was, it is now.
"Productivity" can mean many things and has many factors contributing to it, positively or negatively. But we should stop casually referring to Greeks as being "lazy" and "Irresponsible", and singling them out as being worse than other people.
Your personal experience as an HR director eh? Sure.
Note that she referred to 'Most of its RECENT immigrants.'Those from Finland, Germany, Poland or Denmark were never going to pose a problem integrating in Sweden. Somalia, Afghanistan and Iraq is another matter for reasons that should be obvious.
Canada loses (losers spell it looses) all around without the oil sales. The same amount of oil will be consumed regardless of its origin, it might as well benefit Canadians. The planet will get along just nicely.
Summers, methinks thou doth protest too much.
...Could care less in the vernacular sense, meaning "couldn't care less",
Not a chance, as most of those hard working farmers vote Conservative. And when you are buying votes and only have 30% hard core for you, you spend as much as you can to keep those votes.
Marois and the PQs proposal is unnecessary, discriminatory, and just plain stupid. They are breathing life into the basest aspects of human nature. Exactly what are they afraid of ?
SORRY - should read 'Trudeau should have rolled the dice and called Ontario out on 'cap & trade' but, as usual, he doesn't understand what regular CANADIANS face on a day-to-day basis.'
"union bosses"? You mean democratically elected union leaders? The one who object to *their* bosses pretense that all economic activity is the result of a handfull of VERY IMPORTANT MEN? Who object to the bizarre notion that workers don't matter?
'Unfortunately, the 'Christians' who run the church are stuck in the Old Testament.'Meaning what?
Reads like a bunch of right-wing Ayn Rand wannabees have taken over this thread. ------- not take over the Socialist hordes retreated in defeatand the Rand wannabees remained
OH! What a marvellous idea!! All we'd have to do is firmly and strictly declare something like a War on Drugs.......Wait...
Thankfully only a very small minority thinks Bob is smart, nuanced, and forward thinking.
I wonder what it would take for low information people to stop listening to and believing everything the liberal left turd tabloids say....just saying.
Sorry, our problem is an ever increasing debt burden which is proving, again, difficult to manage.
The biggest difference between Canada and America? While you criticize us we ignore you.
Maybe we should join OPEC and lobby to move OPEC HQ to Calgary....offer up free Flames tickets and premium seats for the Stampede.
i presume your reference to big business relates to the low corporate tax rate......his motive is job creation
you are a very and under-educated person.
do you think the Government collected enough money since 1952....off the backs of Seniors...
Richard Florizone has not capitulated to the hysterical calls for expulsion. That shows he can stand up to pressure, and do the right thing.
And it was/is killing the World....One little inconvenient reality, we just don't want to talk about
Yes. The decency to keep to yourself your opinion on how another person looks.
Darwin comes to mind ....
Why? Because she better fits the G&M political correctness agenda.
When you're in the gutter any road looks high!
Really what ?
Please provide some evidence that 'Ford is working hard to save us money' - and by evidence I mean something more tangible than the woolly-headed thinking of you Ford Nayshunals ....
I don't agree with your casting of all little old ladies as perpetually afraid, but I'm in agreement with everything else, hence my thumb-up.
My local Home and School group was audited. Thanks to RevCan the books looked nice and clean and the auditor corrected a few minor mistakes in addition/subtraction.
Like whom? Ezra Levant?
it is NOT her choice
Wrong. Trump was and is just an opportunist. He bears allegiance to no party or person other than himself. He knew he'd never win the Democratic ticket, so he "joined" the GOP because he was smart enough to recognize and exploit their dysfunction.
Too bad Harper's base has no mirror at home.
Thank you for setting the record straight. Anyone interested in looking at some interesting facts about our electoral system should go to: fairvotecanada. ca.
Bikerman Never received a receipt for tax purposes?
I don't think either you or the author understands the meaning of a 'free society'.
Can we ban frivolous law-suites instead?? ... way more sensible.
If two thirds of donations to the Democrats were from Jews, but Obama had England draft a UN resolution that even Russia said was too one sided against Israel, then obviously jewish money does not direct foreign policy at all.
There is a balance between paying a person a fair wage, and what a customer is prepared to pay for the service of this person.
Yet another example of 'the media refuses to talk about this story that I read about in the media.'
Makes too much sense to ever be implemented.
They can change the look of the forum, but they'll never change the girl. I'm reminded what one of your fellow lawyers said to a grand jury that was investigating his truthfulness:''It depends upon what the meaning of the word 'is' is. '
Sorry, fingers have at mind of their own. That should be @Barnsy.
Very funny, but your sarcasm needs work.
Thrashing about in all directions... as usual.
Try Freeman Dyson, the worlds most famous living physicist. He will tell you that your concerns are overblown. He asserts that CO2 is net positive for the earth.
Stick to the party line, I'm sure it is in the 'Handbook'....Parrot!
Ah, yes. Canadians respect the rights and freedoms of others, including the right to freely express yourself by dressing in an unconventional fashion.
I'm happily retired, and I like Trump. I don't want Islam (radical or moderate) in my daughters' or granddaughters' futures, end of story.
And he droned on and on while in full ignorance of the vacuity of his message. Meanwhile , in unrelated news, water flows downhill everywhere but the moon..
Maybe you should visit an abattoir. And take your kids and grandkids with you. You might change your mind about the seal hunt and the slaughter of animals for your foie gras.
The writer presumes to speak for all women?
Two Trudeau friendly articles from the columnists this a.m. G&M starting to show its colors!
Yes; it is like he has carefully cultured a bacteria for nine years; training them in irrational fears about security, Islamaphobia, and fear of 'the other'.... and now, even if he wanted to, his actions are constrained by what the base will accept.
Didn't Harper just try this?
The charter of Rights and Freedoms protect everyone's right to believe in their own ideaology. Your mercenary/terrorist is someone else's 'freedom fighter'.
poor steve jobs, had no chance
Actually we all still don't on anything.
Zero subsidies go to oil and gas. What an inane, uninformed comment you make.
Harper is toast - completely unre-electable
Ed09... might I ask you, who was they... because I'm not sure if you know who wrote the New Testament
There aren't.
So, do you carshare? I've noticed a distinct tendency for green advocates to want everyone else to change so they can keep doing what they want to do.
Personally, I think this editorial's suggestion for debate is a little tepid. Things have moved way beyond that. This is vote of non-confidence stuff.
Back then? In 1940's and 1950's Canada could not afford to feed all their people including aboriginals? I think my friend you need to rethink you post
Majority governments aren't as important as reform so that we get representation and the country no longer gets hijacked by a 30+ % of the population.
Yeah what's a little genocide. Get over it. suck it up. (Rolling eyes here)It is asinine to think this kind of thing can be forgotten about or that the hangover from it won't last a very long time.
Cruel, but scrupiously fair. Thanks for the chuckle
aw you would like to ' muzzle' those opinions you dont like wouldnt you! is there really a dogbites. org or are you just funning us??
Kasich was the Ohio Secretary of Sate, responsible for voting, who rigged the Ohio voting machines is Cuyahoga County to defeat Kerry in 2004. Kerry actually won the Presidency. There is much academic research on this.
Another shrill, pointless post.
before the age of 12 ?no wonder you got a 'thumbs down.' - sorry
Bana peels?
He could have been repatriated by the LPC who governed at the time of his detention. The CPC didn't take over until he was a adult... yet your long rant doesn't mention the Liberals at all. I wonder why..
In order for wealth to be distributed, it must be created in the first place. A basic lesson this twit doesn't comprehend...
'If you ever doubted that the Canadian Senate is a toxic institution' Sorry Margaret, you're MISSING the point.. The Senate is a Rose Garden compared to the 'toxic institution' aka; The Harper PMO. .
the root cause of all this is the "progressive" left
Whoops, meant to say that the challenge is one of balancing several different and competing pricepoints.
Paul Bernardo was born in Ontario so that makes everyone there ? such a stupid argument
If Mayor Ford stepped down, he'd leave room for at least three people, just in the chair behind his desk!
I also find drivers of strollers to be very aggressive.
The Supreme Court is full of Liberal carpet baggers!
What would also help is having fountains where the stream is high enough to refill a bottle or bottle filling taps in addition to the fountains.
Clearly you don't, nearly all came back to return to friends, family and environment they are comfortable with. Even bank robbers seem to give up their foreign exile to return to jail in the old neighbourhood.
Why? Because you happen to agree with the sentiments expressed?
Pointing out liberal hypocrisy isn't vilifying anyone.
'my Canada'?Maybe that's the problem. Canada owns you more than you own Canada.
Agreed. Saving and Sacrifice are concepts that are hard to execute for some people. I find if one saves for something, it is much more appreciated when attained.
Go to a BCTF meeting and you will see democracy in action, hardly Marxism. Are you paid on merit?
Does anyone think that social scientists are actually scientists?
Mexico and NAFTA also a factor.
At least bank robbers have a rational reason for hiding their faces.
Real issue is your bubble
The last First Nation band to agree will hit the mega jackpot. Show them the money.
Sorry Capt, I'm still unclear how a person going to a poll and voting for the candidate they want to win is 'anti-democratic and deceitful?'
Please tell me what you mean by a self-identified racist? When did he publish this identification?
The UK is building a special carrier just for the F35 http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2972278/Britain-s-new-aircraft-carrier-HMS-Queen-Elizabeth-sighted-River-Forth-6billion-fitting-Royal-Navy-s-biggest-ship-continues.html
I for one fear being irritatingly bored to death by 8 years of Hillary and will miss Trump as someone with the balls and the entertaining shtick to speak truth to power before the entire world.
As I said elsewhere: 'First they came for those that wore niqabs ...'The similarities are chilling.
So the sponsorship money the liberals stole and all the mcwinty scams are Mike Harris's fault too? Time to get over your obsession
Keep drinking the Koolaid. Under the liberals we ranked 33rd in peacekeeping....after Lagos.
How about entering a space where financial transactions occur, face coverings cannot be worn. There have already been robberies with Burka wearing criminals.
Well, as a self-acknowledged left winger, he would be the first NDP PM.
'American Politics. Canadian Perspective.' Was the tagline of the last subscriber drive? How exactly is a Missouri based 'expert' on digital democracy in Uzbekistan providing Canadian perspective?
You appear to be the one advocating self censorship to avoid some kind of backlash.
speak for yourself... I think I can make it independently through the day
try telling that load of malarkey to the residents of Surrey.
True one should have friends (and family). However try living with them in Iraq, North Korea, Palestine, Pakistan or the other hell holes, like Somalia, Mali, Nigeria etc.
I would think the money was distributed in Quebec by high ranking civil servants like it has always been. Nothings really changed.
Falsehood.
The dress codes in business are much more restrictive for men than for women. Dress codes in business are also generally pointlessly restrictive for people who are not in public contact positions.
Funny how the media is 180 degrees from the main stream ....Trudeau ... Just watch him get kicked to the curb if he can't juggle.
with shoulder pads on ...
Do we really have to depend on back room deals and boardroom handshakes in order to have a decent government in this country. Who needs either Harper or Wright?
Thanks, from a 5th generation Canadian. Well said, friend.
You obviously have not read and understood the scientific literature on second hand smoke.
Obamacare, even if it fulfills all of its promises, would still leave some 30,000,000 uncovered.
Then we have the confused who don't admit that they are confused.
Works for me.
Common ! Trudeau is an airhead.
Conversation? I thought we could just get away with forking over evermore amounts of money. I don't really want my ears chewed off on top of it.
Bossy girls are wanna be alpha females who have run amok. Bossiness IS an undesirable trait but that doesn't mean that it can't be controlled. Nobody likes bossy boys, either.
Alberta sense of entitlement to a 'T'. As if the oil sands are something Alberta has earned. Were it not for the oil sands Alberta would be no more than a large, uneducated rural community. You found it. Congratulations I guess.
My guess is that you are not qualified to talk about anyone's so-called 'training wheels'.
still howling nonsense, what a dork.
Hmm, did Trudeau rename himself to Harper? I seem to recall that there is no Harper as PM right now... Perhaps you are a little confused. Has Trudeau been lending some of his personal stash?
If he does Bob Newhart should sue.
Maybe you are right to an extent. However, a lawyer does have the right to refuse client if he thinks that a lawsuit might be ludicrous. And there have been lawyers who have pushed ridiculous and frivolous lawsuits.
It won't be just the Libs. They have committed to an all party committee, experts and perhaps cross Canada info gathering. Let your MP know what you want.
This is the best that a Canada Research Chair can come up with?
Actually, there is more to the West than Alberta and perhaps Saskatchewan. I live in BC and few here agree with "the West", but do take a look at the map, BC is as far West as you can get!!
'Will France?s religious right now carry Mr. Fillon all the way to the ?lys?e Palace?'Doubtful. What will he have to offer that LePen won't?
Trump voters watch Fox. Not liberal media. Or any fact oriented news source!
Mauna Kea is the tallest mountain if you count underwater height as well.
Oh! please... keep your American 's(H)itttttt' out of CANADA, oui ???
No different in Mali (or wherever)...
Hugh, when you are having anal sex, simply use a condom and lots of lube and you will be fine. Now relax and enjoy, buddy!
The public system abuses... more so than the private system... look at the scandals afflicting the British NHS with patients dying of hunger and thirst in hospital beds, ignored by their 'careers'.
I believe this makes 28 reasons/causes why Russia should be boycotted. Too many whiners
I don't want to vote for any of these guys.
It makes me want to puke the true north strong and free hairball.
SPECTRE... SPecial Executive for Counterintelligence, Terrorism, Revenge, and Extortion...
And we all believe they were Bags of sandwiches the Liberals were giving to each other in a Car garage. Oooops, Inconvenient Truth - Adscam! Need more?
How do you get a rig up there? They are massive pieces of equipment. Also just because you drill a well does not mean you will get water in sufficient quantities for municipal uses.
so larry you endorse Israel killing terrorist leaders and you are thumbed up for it?agree
Like the vast right wing conspiracy?
just my opinion after 29 years in the business... you nailed it.
And we will all march in lockstep to the glorious notes of The Internationale.
I go to the Vancouver Sun for all of my news!
Canada is constantly changing and you had better get used to it. Hatred and fear simply pollute everything.
I'm in the same shoes as Donald Sutherland (only mine are probably cheaper). I think this law is ridiculous and terribly undemocratic. It comes from the same parochial place as Harper's entire foreign policy.
Canadians may have been relatively unscathed during the recession, but future generations will be responsible for the $160 billion increase in Canada's national debt under Harper's watch.
Good post ! Consider that Canada was built by millions of settlers and refugees who escaped from truly horrific circumstances.
Uhm Tar is derived from Coal and is used in Hi way and roofing construction. Did you skip science class or just believe the failed Scientists that say Alberta's Bitumen will end the World???
So why is it getting so hard to purchase a firearm these days? And proposing an Amendment would just be the most blatant of actions. Obama AND Clinton have raised all sorts of 'new' regulations that make it more difficult to obtain a weapon.
This article is patronizing.
Ok , we should keep that giant lump of carbon underground. The US isn't keeping its coal , or Saudi its oil etc. If Canada is going to take one for the team then we should get paid. One trillion as starting number.
You say this isn't the time to be partisan and then go on to call Trudeau a drama coach.
But then where would they get their women and new converts from?
Is this an equal-opportunity insult fest? How many stupid things can you say about Nenshi and 'Marios' without getting banned?
... and their pic collections on their hard drives....
Bucksaver, I don't think even the most die hard individualist would deny the benefits gained from good government. The problem is the value added isn't worth the price we've been paying.
If the drought and lack of water becomes severe enough, they will have no choice but to look to desalination. That is of course, unless enough people leave California for other locations.
Why does this headline say, 'our meddling?'
Slightly oversimplified? I doubt that 100% voted either way in either ?rea. We could get more murderers to concede if promised no jail and guaranteed 100, 000 annual incomeWhy waste time money and effort on trials in Canad??
perhaps you should grow up ...
Green Party for the consciences well being....?
Brilliant piece, thank you.
Another sanctimonious Canadian spouting red-meat Republican hyperbole. It is so easy to dehumanize immigrants from your Muskoka chair.
Ya gotta laugh at people who use a 100% American political term like 'Inside-the-Beltway' . . . and then try to pass themselves off as salt of the earth from Kelowna or Kenora.
That's funny, I agreed on everything apart from Ambrose who is one of the worst of the incompetent, Harper sycophants.
Columnists and politicians have one thing in common..... They have answers to all problems!
It is also as though they don't want the evidence showing that Justin was not mentally stable during the interview with the police, to be revealed. Now why is that?
Humans are causing so many problems in this world. Don't need religion for problems to pop up.
Only because they do so much that can be attacked...
Yes it is a clash of centuries.. Islamophobia is not new to Christians or Europeans.
The lunacy of this idea should be another nail in the coffin of the senate. A crazy idea. But what should we expect when senators have trouble determining their primary residence.
One would think that if you were being truthful and actually had a Gretzky jersey you would know how to spell his name. Like you're hero's in politics I think you have trouble telling the truth.
Your moniker doesn't match your outrageous comment. The LGBQT community wants to 'level the playing field'.
This is the first fair and balanced analysis of the 'dairy situation' I have read in a long time... And well researched, to boot. Thank you, Mr. Yakabusi.
I'm willing to take a chance on the teacher, my brother is a teacher, so are both my aunt and uncle. Can't be any worse than the mail clerk for big oil.
Who is Hubbell? And are you just going to keep posting until November?
Judging a man by one photograph... interesting. Do you also read palms?
Wow..... thanks David.
Harper the Fascist.
Europeans started the story, Canada continued to write it.Nice try.
It is not a left-right issue, it is an educated/deluded issue.
Sheep is not a troll. He/she truly believes in his/her postings.
Not yet you don't but be prepared to keep your mouth shut for the rest of your life. Sooner or later you might be faced with a challenge to your integrity, or to that of a member of your family or close friends. You will have no options.
@ Walrus You're right! I'd forgotten about that trick of Borden's - thx for the reminder.
You think the people who determine and design the level of security in public buildings are unionised? Never let a fact get in the way of of a good irrational bias, eh "tail"?
Thanks for the reference. "If you?re incompetent, you can?t know you?re incompetent. [?] the skills you need to produce a right answer are exactly the skills you need to recognize what a right answer is." ?David Dunning
I disagree!! The world actually needs fewer mouths to feed. The Earth can sustain about five billion people with a European standard of living and fewer at a North American level. Family planning is our greatest need !!
I can hear that grating voice now - Reefoooorm Party of Canada. :)
Clearly the Liberals suck at economic PR. The question is why? The bigger question - why haven't they taken this on?
The official name is The BC Liberal Party?, not 'The Liberal party of BC' and all references on its website use this title. -bcliberals.com-There are indeed people too stupid, or rather ideologically or willfully blind, to make the distinction.
Tubby is going down ( but Mulcair never really had a chance) and that kid will lose as wellGet ready for four more years of growth and prosperity under Mr Harper
The automobile was invented in Germany, and the Telephone was invented in Canada. But like Trump, you aren't concerned with actual facts.
goodriddance to BS sexual equality! such delusions of androgeny and disrespect for right over wrong are painfull to all and well see how money it will make you.
Thank you, Oh literate one.
LOL! For a minute I thought the author was branching out into new subject matter by highlighting the risks pedestrians face every day. Nope. Turns out it was just more identity-politics boiler plate.
How does it not harm Canada is more like it?
yeah lets see them try a big boy. NO they just want to take from people that cannot afford to fight back.
Spoiled children in so many ways.
http://www.waterloowatch.com/ffw%20brochure%202%20references.html
I'm not sure what side you are on Bill. Please be more specific.
EXcellent quote. This is all about selfishness.
Rock, you do realize it was Turdeau Sr that gave us the largest deficit at 8.5% of GDP, right? And that public unions were once outlawed for good reason, as we are currently seeing, right? Your premise is ridiculously flawed.
How's the Gitmo torture chambers running today? Har har, har de har har
Yeah, it worked for you didn't it...and that's the important thing.
References, please?
Good grief, this is a shallow effort...
Apparently it was all about saving the guns at any cost...
What! So you'd rather have the law of the jungle, eh?Do you want squatters claiming your house? Or youngster bidding on your job?
You math is perfect! What a democratic country could just ignore 40% people! Why not 42 vs. 58? By the way, this is a telephone survey, not online one.
You tend to corrupt the meaning of a very useful word with your online moniker, mate.
Why does the UK need nuclear weapons?
And this bit is priceless:... both the British and American governments have now come forward with pubic presentations.. Well! That is an outrage! But presumably a good distraction?
Hmm ... I think we already all have high speed internet!!!
This is an excellent analysis of a moderately complex event that is easily misinterpreted. As an alumnus of the U of S and a Professor Emeritus of a sister university, I compliment you on a fine job.
, one needs to cut the bs crap spin lies and games to begin with. Harper won't be able to stop spinning bs crap ,lies and trying to play head games. It's all he knows how to do.
You're pretty smart.
Prime example of a self-inflicted injury.
Have you looked at her group? Much better her decision then the accidently elected twenty year old kids and yoga instructors ,in this case.
Mr. Bourque is no better than Bernardo. Both are human waste and both have blood on their hands.
Harper may not have a serious challenger, but surely Jim Prentice represents a kinder, gentler Tory leader
Typo: Due to the Mickey Mouse Globe forum software, one has to stop the scripting to get the forum to run on every browser I've tried, so can't correct the typo prior post. "Jurist" not "Hurist"
um, no, they're not qualified in that case.
Civil rights are not a left right kind of thing.
When did this event occur for you? I am still waiting.
'But I understand why you cow tow to Stephen.'I wanna see pictures. This is intriguing, to say the least. Is this like camels, or those bandits on the 404?
TRIAL IS OVER.... THE TRUTH IS APPARENT..... WHETHER YOU LIKE IT OR NOT...... THE SYSTEM WORKS........
Explain please???
I have a relative that works at ICBC, 70% of accident claims are new immigrants. They of course aren't allowed to publish this fact, wouldn't want to offend anyone with the truth!!! Man are we stupid!
In other words, you can't craft an honest counter-point.
Trump is simply a vote for insanity, indeed. He is also a vote for inanity.
No.. we are centrist.. and Harper is to the left of the democrats policy wise.
Honesty is so damned hard to come by, isn't it?
The plan that reaches people who might otherwise decide to defer or forgo children is the plan that will help address declining birth rates. And that would appear to be daycare.
Honest! Come on!
Canada is supposed to care what Venezuelans think why? Oh wait our GDP will drop by 5% because we did not bow down to a dictator the way PET and liberals would like?
I think you are protesting to much and trying to take attention off yourself. Hopefully the government will realize this come and take everything you have. It's summertime anyway you will be fine.
Well?. get a Teaching degree. Five years of university and voila, you too can be a teacher [you have to love children though.]
Do we really think Chinese and Indian cell phone makers will not give data access to their governments-especially China with so much state control ? A five dollar cell phone- mmm you get what you pay for.
"...I hear McDonalds is hiring." Position vacant for clean-up, comes with a key to the broom closet. Experience preferred.
RR; like someone who can cook anything with a frying pan, or fixing the lawnmower, Ghomeshi is that kind of genius.
I think all our leaders see terrorism as a major problem. Carpet bombing and vilification of Muslims is not the answer. Removing the causes is still the best although the most difficult way. Tough talk is all BS.
A third thing is also needed! That is, a periodic review and adjustment in energy royalties!!
The biggest losers will be people living in Scarborough. So be it.
They are forgotten just because they are blacks. If they are like photogenic people like syrians, the world would have rescued them. This is the bitter truth, but hard to digest. very sad.
Fool my once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me. Fool me three times, no way!
pretty jewish of you
I know what it means. I love Scandinavian folktales. I looked up Gruhcho as well.
If the USA Administration opposes the TPP, what will happen to it?
'It would seem clear that he is no champion of contemporary feminism.'I disagree. The ruling states that adults (women too) can enter in to whatever types of relationships they want.
I totally agree!!!!
Will the Globe ever stop shilling for the Liberals?
nakedApe42, Rob Ford uses the same argument when he wants to smoke crack.
No, it's very sexist. For eons men were in charge, but it was fine for that to change. Why not this?
That is what happens when you think the Provincial governments are incompetent in managing cash flows..
Because I Care - well expressed - we're already nine years down that path.
How many hours did you spend on those items when you did the job? Oh...that's right... you likely haven't. As for taxes... this category is worth every penny And I assure you that I am well aware of how much I pay.
'Dancing in gay parades easily won over Obama as a negotiating partner'. When did attending and celebrating events of your citizens become a weakness?
You need water to live, yet I doubt you would be too happy if we filed your house up with it.
BS - I am glad you admit your duplitious post/reponse that avoids my question is exactly that - BS
you killed the point of your first sentence with your second sentence. That election practically was the time of death for the federal PCs... just took them a long time to figure that out.
and U will be happy and vote a majority again. Ignorant ontario voters bought out.
the unions aren't in charge of organizational design. Employers are. You know, the CAOs with the six figure salaries
Hypocracy and deceit are not honest mistakes and the voters in today's by-elections should punish the CPC candidates accordingly.
Absolutely right. One of the more odious characteristics of this government is the pleasure it takes in patting itself on the back for the barely mediocre results it achieves in cleaning up its own messes.
To me the dignity comes from choosing your end. Those who suffer in death have a dignity in being provided that decision as well.
Mackinnon - You are wasting your time with Tiu. It's like debating with a nine-year old.
Less Republican Tea Party Harpos!
Am I missing something here? What's the angst over staying in a hotel after months in a refugee camp or in a war zone. Gawd woman, get real.
Anti-Jewish used to mean someone who did not like Jews. Now it means that someone supporting Jews does not like what has been written.
ouchiron lady versus couch potato
Every news organization in the country has run that story. What's your next point?
My son is about Trudeau's age. His son, my grandson is in university. I certainly do not think of either as kids. Your article sounds like Harper - demeaning. It's clear what Canadians think of that.
The independent reporter. You'd have to go back to Teddy Roosevelt's time to see it.
What is that saying 'all of us is smarter than one of us'?And your problem with that is?
'am not beholden to any food safety regulations.'----------And of course, we all know that the main goal of meat producers is to poison people. What could be better for profits than that?
Milou2 (below) 'You are obviously pursing an agenda in a rather passive aggressive manner' Paranoia much?
Parental rights are universal and supersede state laws according to UN.Concerned parents are heroes for standing up to Wynne's bullying and the proposed abuse of their children.
One wonders what her fate would be if she lived in Afghanistan... and tried to write on the topic of anything .
the gene pool is pretty shallow
simplistic reduction, but: the social conservative right, yes. the libertarian right, no.
Heck... i'm not fond of any of the parties....I just despise conservatism and its adherents. Always have, always will. But i think that belief often is mistaken for support for other parties.
The US has always considered a portion of its population to be disposable. There are simply too many dollars and votes at stake.
Misdirection - obfuscation - yet another clumsy GM OP to ignore the revolution. The oligarchy are finished and so is the GM.
Or use their time to hang out with an MP dying of cancer in order to expedite their transition to government.
I respect your right to have a different opinion.
Did Harper really not care about being liked? What was all that caterwauling and thumping on the piano all about then? Seems to me the strains of someone desperately wanting to be liked.
No one in an open marriage and the like will suffer. All the others -- the people who broke their partner's trust and the ones who broke their countries laws' -- deserve what they have coming.
Like this fine example of what you guys call 'merit'?http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/edmonton/edmonton-police-officer-mike-wasylyshen-promoted-despite-criminal-record-1.2859907
Uhh... he wasn't lying. You want some lies? Nigel Wright paid the $90,000, and lied about it. The PMO told everyone that only one person knew about it, which is a lie. The PM told us Wright quit. This was a lie.
One good reason to keep the seal hunt going is that seals eat vast quantities of cod. The reduction in the seal hunt has been a significant factor in the collapse of the cod fisheries.
Good response... the reference to Khadr was only the climax to a disastrous performance. The longest 9 minutes of my life was listening to the entire thing... The experience was like chewing aspirins non-stop...bitter and stomach-throbbing.
Interesting article, yes - Mr Trudeau wrote this article in English in a Toronto newspaper. Why isn't he this outspoken in PQ?
The other parties are smart enough not to discuss taking away the Harperite goodies during the campaign.
If the G&M's editorials are so false, then why don't you spend your time somewhere that's more truthful, like say Breitbart?
Daniel: Excellent explanation. The wealth assigned to a house is *static*, unlike cash in hand, which is totally liquid and immediate.
Yes is the answer and you know that for sureYes is surrender you got to let it go
Glad to see the author busting the false 'gender parity' claims of Prime Minister Justin. To hire someone simply because they are white is disgusting. Sorry, I meant, to hire someone simply because they are female is ok.
Citing things from 70 years ago, that were matters of national security and comparing them to political slush funds of today, does nothing to bolster your argument. I could eat a bowl of Alphabets cereal, and crap a better argument.
Darlene: And you are OK not making a difference and not improving the climate. You must be a descendent from the "world is flat" ancestors
the water in the inner harbour is a cesspool. Greeny brown water with all sorts of sludge floating on top... just look over the edge of sugar beach and you will know that the water isn't clean. .
And yet, they voted for Trudeau, not for your buddy Steve.
Man of action Trudeau wins.
Deficit spending is NOT the cure for low productivity. The Liberal government is peddling a fiction.
Don't pick on Jenni. She can fool 5.6 million Canadians all of the time. But her moral compass needs work.
This government is the most petty, small minded government in the history of Canada. The year 2015 can't come quick enough.
Your post is incomprehensible. You are an appropriate spokesperson for Ford Nation.
We live in a society where even most of our poorest people walk around with cell phones. I think we're doing alright.
Who cares Liz. Rob Ford rocks and has put TO on the map. Buck the other 99.9%. Right something positive about Mr. Ford
Actaully Mick991 ... yes, we do. And we will.
This just in from Our Dear Leader ... Monday's "talking point" is Anti Harper Histeria. Use it in conjunction with previous week's assignments and keep up the full court press.
Gee Andrew, at least you omitted all the really caustic comments. What's your 'take' on music in schools ?
Yes. Educated people over 40 remember cringing when a few bureaucrats and sociologists first began using the noun impact as a verb. It is an imbecilic practice, like saying 'behaviours' of all of a sudden lately.
Not just weird and wonderful things - countries go bankrupt, stuff expldes, people get killed, bridges collapse ....But such consequences are too stressful to contemplate for our little snowflakes !
That was a test.
Yes because BC's carbon tax has done such a wonderful job on that addiction to date? Piff...
Yes, funny how euro-centric most of the Progressive criticisms are, totally ignoring the wider context and making it all about 'white people' being the source of all the world's ills.
And what would you do if you had a child who persistently expressed that they should be the other gender?
I read yesterday that the FBI is backing away from the theory that he was gay. God forbid if people are robbed of a reason to dismiss this massacre as just another notch on the belt of American mass shootings.
You want Christy to outlaw the Canadian Constitution because you think the BCTF is "a communist organization". Who can take you seriously?
Your ad hominem attacks aside, you clearly have a huge misunderstanding of the scientific method.
You said men like Cosby, you could have added men like Bill Clinton.
Patience is a virtue. We protect our own territory while recognizing that it is not possible to do so perfectly, and wait for ISIS and its ilk to die out, which they will do much faster if we stop giving them reasons to seek revenge.
The most frightening feature of this article is its credibility.
But they don't represent ALL Muslims, and likely not even a significant percentage of them.
Where have you been the last decade? There is one word that describes this travesty whether in drug smuggling, money laundering, or real estate fraud....CHINA! Deal with it and stop the mindless chatter and local hand wringing already!
Except for the fact that it has been shouted at male reporters.
The German Christian Democratic/Social Democratic coalitions work just fine. Start reading dw.com or the English page on Spiegel. de to become better informed about politics in Germany.
yes and they both like women well I'm not sure about Dalton!
What spending problem is that? Health care? Education?
Becaue a $90,000 donation is illegal
I'm sorry, but have you actually spoken to any real, live women on the subject?
well said!
I totally agree. Cat owners scream hysterically if a dog chases their cat. But the cat is OK to roam and murder, for fun. And I'm sick of cats sh!tting in my plants. Outdoor cats should be leashed. Period.
Old does not mean 'heritage', and when old discarded buildings like this are 'heritage' it denigrates the value of real heritage structures... if everything is important... than nothing is important.
Your right wing talking point has lost it's effectiveness in the face of real world events.
That's somewhat irrelevant. It's the facism we need to worry about.
Yes she is.
Why did you forget blue Liberals?
Paul45, I missed this. Can you include quote from the article?
No one has stated how much, if any, medical supplies were in their luggage. But we know helicopters with mounted cameras were.
Well, someone should tell him that since Mr Harper found out he can't make up his own rules he has refused to play the game at all and will not appoint anyone to the senate.
Are you sure you're talking to a woman? Maybe it's a man behind the veil?
They look great, but stink to high heaven.
PS do not get Nov 11 as a holiday. Just more disinformation from Joe 'Bill Tufts' Meyer. Why do you think you are helping your cause by spreading such obvious falsehoods?
Thereby guaranteeing that blue Liberals will hold their nose and vote Conservative .
Thanks for your contribution, Mr. Stalin.
So true. The 'natural' life means constant work. It's great if you can devote your entire life to it.
I speculate math and science isn't a strong suit with social activists.
The author of this opinion piece is a board member of Energy Probe.
Stop committing sociology. There are no root causes. There are bad people, and there are those who vote for Harper.
'from Russian side' and without an article. That's what we call politburo speak here in Canada. Isn't there a Putin worship website somewhere that needs your disinformation more than this one?
@Pifco, I thought of the TM but couldn't figure out how to enter it from my laptop.
Yawn - and another lame attempt to re-direct responsibility onto others. Are you Cons some kind of lemmings, physically restrained from doing anything but (and on a promise not to do so, no less)?
I have been to 41 or 42 countries, and the reaction is mostly a shrug....perhaps not bad, as it could have been negative, but it most certainly is not positive the way a lot of Canadians think...
You could fire every single teacher and hire new ones and you'd still end up with the same proportion of 'good' and 'bad' teachers.
Maybe Wente would like to address that fact that a week ago, in the middle of January in Canada, people were walking around in summer shorts. Blasts of arctic air at this time of year are not that unusual... summer weather is. Now THAT is news!!
True. If the EU had a do-over, they might be a lot more selective as to who gets invited into their little club.
This is great news.
Just look at the Feds and you will get a really good idea!
Yup, typical leftie who doesn't mind people he doesn't agree with being shot in cold blood. So how does that make you any better than the murderer in Orlando? Oh wait, it doesn't.
I think she was talking to you
It's either Brexit/Trump or Torches/Pitchfork. Democracy will not be stopped. Even in less than democratic countries it will not be stopped if you recall Arab Spring.
Very well stated.
I've had Margaret Wente fatigue for years now. Unfortunately her half-baked opinions keep appearing in the Globe. Oh, wait - that's one of the reasons I cancelled my subscription.
That has nothing to do with this. Its the doctors religious rights vs. the rights of an individual to get health care.
Snow: point taken but I think you are nit-picking. No segregation; public washrooms and change-rooms excepted.
Natives need to jump start 5 or 6 more of their brain cells.
So you prefer provincial bankruptcy and destruction of the economy to campaign ineptitude?
Unless you're a referee in the NBA. Or one that works for the league's owners.
It is very harmful when it takes your money and promises a cure when a real one might be available.
Some of the fattest cats on any municipalities pay roll. Stop the scare tactics you fat bellies.
IMO if an individual wishes to contribute to a political party, then so be it. There should be no tax credits attached to this.
Could you give us a few examples.
dash. So you want the Globe to only print opinions that you agree with??
No no no. You have it all wrong. This is a sign of how strong and independent women really are. After all, feminism is all about empowering women, not removing any agency from them. /s
Let's have a lot more reporting like. The Liberals in Guelph are doling out the pork like there's no tomorrow. So far this week we $180,000 for a local brewery and $16,000,000 for the library at the University of Guelph. All of it borrowed.
The article says that the family's lawyer has to go to court to compel Telus to release the records.
Apparently there are a lot of students at the University of Ottawa, perhaps studying political science or sociology, with too much time on their hands.
Hahahaah a
I wonder if the Irish newspapers (she's also an Irish citizen and the Irish government also closed its embassy there) are publishing the same editorial?
Oh yeah, apparently the writer has never watched Bill Maher. She ought to.
it's coming
Israel is punishing the terrorist who has stabbed and killed innocent Jews by demolishing his house.
When "rationalthought" asks what you are talking about, it's time to look at your words again.
if somalians want to come here then they need to live by our rules or go back, their country is a hellhole which makes them prone to violence
'We all say we hate them, but they work and we pay attention to them. Trudeau is far better than harper. He actually talks to people....real people'You make it sound like Trudeau has a hidden agenda there, or am I confusing my attack ads again?
I predict Clinton will be impeached shortly after becoming President.
Teachers, doctors, nurses, universities, support staff at institutions, workers in the Crowns, OPP? Actual direct PS workers are maybe 5-10% of the total.
Very well said. One needed a shower after watching Trump's pathetic, creepy performance. No surprise that he has the National Inquirer's support in the bag.
The best and most thoughtful comment I've read on any topic today.
In a democratic society everyone should have the right to voice their opinion. But voice of quality is being suppressed by gangs of equality. That is bigotry.
no, Thougtful Girlif you gave it more thoughtTamil Tigers still badgood guys are the ordinary Tamils simple isn't it
Or Bob Rae
And Cheryl Gallant is obviously their MP.
82% of Canadians are ignorant, uneducated Conservatives?
Nice thoughts. But the Devil, as always, is in the details.
The problem is most people can't afford to pay. We live in a country where everyone is supposed to be equal no matter how rich they are. If you want to pay fly yourself to another country and pay as much as you want.
What a bunch of horsecrap .
Bar code tatooed on the forehead - or better yet - a programmable chip implant that transmits the bearers current state of sexuality .....
Ask the people of Paris who the real enemy is. JT would to get to the root cause of ISIS hatred. Well duh!
The Liberal Party of Canada thanks you for your loyal posting.
my children say that. Yeah, you prob are one of those hipster r3tards.
Fortunately its days appear numbered.
The caliphate is a universal concept without boundaries; the mid term goal is to remove western culture from Europe and replace it.
He calls those 'measured' responses.
Nick: You either didn't read or didn't understand the piece.
And did you run for office using your back story for political gain?
So was his old man.
What the Warmista's take away from your comment: You must really hate polar bears 
Which proves how idiotic they are. Thank you for confirming.
Yes, never did have a real job.
Obviously. Don't know how it was missed.
You posted this before. It was pointless then and it's pointless now.
According to Glenn Greenwald, both the G&M under Stackhouse, and Milewski, succeeding Greg Weston, have blown the Snowden file.
Wait, supports listed on CIMS got Christmas cards? Why was I looked over? Considering the claims that people were misdirected have still not been proven in court, it is disengenuous for this author to be perpetuating those rumours.
The Globe needs more Foth.
They can't deport them. Just like we can't deport them. Are we stupid?
No one knows what causes an El Nino or its relative intensity. It is really only the past 20 years that there has been a recognition of the impact that El Ninos have on much of the world's weather.
M'Lord Black was of course conscious of the monitors. Why not take advantage of another opportunity to expose the enormity of one's ego ?
'Did you see what a race Bernie made, even in spite of the stacked super delegates for HRC? 'And the enormous advantage in funding that Clinton had over Bernie.
Vancouver = VeniceBeautiful place filled with the families of the wealthy. But no meaningful economic growth.
Yup, you blew it. You had the message and the momentum and you let it slip away in spectacular fashion. Time to que up the next in line that will make newer and more spectacular blunders.
A good start might be a provincial sales tax like the rest of the provinces.
Hiring based on gender, race, religion is the anathama of a society based on equality. Why does the left continue to divide us?
Most of the SPD, Greens and Linke (Wagenknecht) don't have the slavish self hatred Merkel demands. She has long since displaced rivals in her own party and is a de facto dictator.
The beginning.
oh oh... you're making LHC nervous!
Commas too!
Are you telling is you still think like a 13 year old? Proud of that are you?
In what way has the US 'taken responsibility' for the MSF hospital strike? What has it done, specifically, over and above what everybody already knew-- that they were responsible?
And remember, both ABC and WaPo are zealous Hillary supporters.
The boy seems to be rather busy with engagements already. When MIT, Google, Facebook and Chris Hadfield come calling (among others) the little guys may get passed over.
Good points Shawn. I cannot understand the many thumbs down you are getting??
Jeopardy Contestant: 'I'll take Blowhards for $1000, Alex'Alex Trebek: 'The Answer is: Canada's Biggest Blowhard'Contestant: 'Who is Kevin O'Leary?'Alex Trebek: 'Correct!!'
Tory is taking his time, as well he should, and I'd be very surprised if he said yes, every indicator save for the Kool-Ade drinkers is NO.
So, what are we doing today that is presently socially acceptable but will require an apology 50 to 100 years down the road?
Ruined our economy? Threatening our democracy? Must be a Dipper! Or an extremist ideologue.
Sean - Seems you fail to realize our Constitution has two parts, the Common Law and the legislation, the former superior to the ladder.
Huh? I think you missed a point here.
Because women riding Unicorns are ruling Canada!
Kudos, Margaret.
So why do people want to immigrate to the west? not to China, Indonesia,India,etc?Next headline: 'A boatload of desperate Canadians arrived in Bombay/Shanghai/Aceh begging for refugee status from those brutal Canadian winters.'
St. John's was the only data in this report. I'm sure we can generalize that the rest of the province is also relatively warm compared to other places in Canada given almost every community is along the shore.
You don't seem to know who appointed whom
Mulcair is proving to be a national treasure. Cannot wait to see what a great prime minister he is sure to become for all Canadians. Compared to these louts who care only for pipelines, prisons, and party politics.
Actually, the Central Canadian elites care more about bringing refugees into the country at the cost of several billion than helping our own Canadians first.
You ought to know by now that sarcasm goes over the heads of most of the G&M commentariat, especially when lampooning conservative viewpoints.
And you're sort of shallow, just like Vic Toews.
'grizzled'? all journos and columnos, including Ms Wente, should retire at 65; hey it's 2016!
I strive. ;o)
Your Daddy didn't love you. That's a shame in many ways, not the least your not understanding that many women have a wonderful relationship with their fathers. You can admit it. You hate men.
You're reference Ottawa, nothing but hot air.
yawn
Good posting. Keep it up. Your comments definitely change the way people think.
Right on, he's a scientifically illerate gibberish machine. Kinda like how you're a real science education professor LOL
Exactly !' Discovery Math !' is wonderful - gets you elected !
denglish: Still having trouble with those scary facts, eh?
I wish the Harper Government would slap their foreheads - really hard. Some of their circuit boards are stuck in there.
Ever heard of seat re-distribution ? Think beyond 2015 Bingo--and the power of a strong economy and money to fund politics. i am on Canada's side -eh tu Brutus ?
Criticism of the Dauphin is strictly forbidden !
What relevance does this comment have? Nobody wears Easter bonnets when they go to work in the public service. What are you talking about?
Its about live sports. I agree with Margaret Wente, however the reason we keep paying those cable fees is to watch hockey, football, basketball, you name it. It is the one thing holding many people back from cutting the cord to cable TV.
Not a chance. Nobody would have cared.
Yes, but supposedly there's a first time for everything, so I'm hoping...
briton 50 years ago???? try 110. it lost all its credibility after the horrors of its imperialism were exposed to the world during the boer war
ROB FORD would have said the same thing as you, fed1904 so what was all the anti Ford fuss about?
Do you really feel compelled to say something so obviously erroneous ?
Be sure to tell them that next time you're in hospital.
Peggy, I think he was referring Ms. Leitch's product. Barbaric cultural practices hotline and now this.
It was purely hokus pokus and there we have a surplus.
Because being Secretary of State of the world's most powerful country isn't a 'real job'?I think it's time to lay that particular right-wing mantra to rest.
Like, maybe, how maintaining these 'institutions' has every man woman and child in debt for $30,000 US not counting the unfunded liabilities. Why would someone omit an important aspect like that?
I the sky blue in your world? What world have you come from? The NDP will always be the third party even when it is the official opposition.
Wynne is winning? What alternate universe do you live in?Wynne is a disaster for this Province. Her support for the socialists and unionists is disgusting.
Senate Independence? Has a nice tone to it, but with all the PMO emails directing Duffy and various Senate leaders to 'clean up the dog pile', I doubt such a thing could ever happen in Chinada (Harper's Canada.)
Another Liberal boodoggle
Seems to me like Canada's aboriginals think Canada has not been paying them rent.
Is that the same Harper who leads Canada as the highest rated country in the G7? If so, it appears that the Globe endorsed correctly.
Renzetti considers the coughing fit so irrelevant that she decides to write a column about it.Remember to renew your Unlimited subscription, folks. LOL.
Muzzled like all of the Conservative candidates who don't take part in all-candidates meetings?
One of the penalties for refusing to participate in politics is that you end up being governed by your inferiors. -- PlatoAnd so it has come to pass.
The Canadian Voter - beleive me- was considered to be be a bunch of sheep who could be shepherded by the messiah Harper. now the truth is out in the open - the Canadian voters are not a bunch of sheep and Harper is a sitting duck.
And your man Harper used Duffy like a traveling salesman.
so what? in the US, it's every day joe schmucks who are armed with assault weapons.
Margaret was not an introvert, introverts don't go on TV shows and such. A true introvert is perfectly happy on their own and no they are not autistic.
A complete, disproportionate, and hysterical over-reaction, in any case.
'Governments, like diapers, must be changed periodically, for obvious reasons' Author unknown
In my humble opinion I find that Mr. Harper, just like Mr. Putin does not like the constitution and wants to do his own thing for the party. This is a good article, exactly telling it like it is in real life.
LOL...& how were the trolls?...I like 'em spitted. like kababs... but slow roasted is nice
Just to be clear, the Globe persists in falsely discussing income levels when in fact '1%' refers to capital ownership. MANY top incomes are legitimately earned. The issue of the 1% is people who own piles of unearned money.
Weird, what do you have against LGBT people? This is very bigoted and homophobic remark. Are you saying that my sexual attraction to Justin Trudeau can be cured?
Yes Europe will remain tolerant until it suddenly becomes intolerant. That sudden reversal is almost upon us and will catch the politicians, at least the mainstream ones completely off guard.
Real refugees are people from all economic classes. Some had more resources than others.
We are also farther down the path than other Provinces as our population is aging 'sooner'
'on Thursday, Russian troops crossed the border and seized the southern Ukrainian town of Novoazovsk'======How have they managed to do this without leaving shred of physical evidence? No photos, no tracks, no witnesses...
Um Tough. Peacekeeping is only implemented when two warring sides agree to stop fighting work toward finding solutions to their differences. Unfortunately, it hasn't been in vogue for decades and never was much of a success (e.g. Cyprus).
In my world progressive is a GOOD word
@Connaught60: I comment for free, with gratitude to the G&M.
Not sure what you mean by 'politically correct' then. Am rather suspicious 'politically correct' means whatever you want it to mean, not unlike the phrase 'common sense'.
It's the world's largest ocean. This is not at all unreasonable and doesn't really indicate war is likely.
Right to Work... for less. Coming to you, courtesy of Party Boss Tim.
Obviously you can't read.
That's exactly what the RCMP was proposing, Paul, wool hats, but when it's really cold, muskrat hats (and the government basically shot down this reasonable compromise).
I agree with haldane, but had to give thumbs-down for typing.
Is the the same Ukraine that Russia signed a treaty with guaranteeing its borders if Ukraine gave up its nuclear weapons? How's that'guarantee' doing?
They aren't responsible for Don. Who's to blame for that?
. LOL ..... for a second there, I thought Needy had hijacked your monicker.
I like that term Harper Hater. Think I'll get some T-shirts made up. Is it copyrighted?
My! Folks thumbing down a fact! Says a lot about them.
Mon francais es epouvantable, WIA.
You have no direct experience with motherhood if you think it isn't work.
china spews out more C02 (plant food) in a day than canada does all year.
It's not polite to laugh at idiots.
Could not have stated it better.
Hilarious LIE. $100 Billion in advertising spin. Are you sure your delusions won't interfere with finding your way to,your polling place. Maybe they'll set up a polling booth in your asylum ward.
is there any ANTIDOTE in the ROC against disease such as 'R-Q.S.S.'(Radio-Qu?bec Separatits Syndrome) ???
The tone Ambrose, the tone.
Harper-crites unite!
George: Enough with the intellectual snobbery!
what kind of poster uses hahaha, are you writing this during recess ?
He's practicing wearing a Sombrero...
0 for 13....and counting.
Tried to cancel my subscription just now but have to call back during regular hours .. which I will do.
Why am I not surprised the reporters from the Star are on good terms with crack dealers.
What climate problem? sounds like your confused by bad weather pet As far as population control ,the pope is probably a pull and pray advocate
To me this sounds like BS to sell something.
you're a complete fool. The paper did not write this stuff. The government did. I would destroy your every argument, point by point and leave you a quivering mass of humiliation... but that's how everyone else sees you right now anyway.
'Very little has been said about Hillary's consistent lies on the e-mail issue,'???? What media have you been reading/watching? All they talk about is Hillary's emails, and half of what they say is misleading and missing vital information.
Well, The Globe is small c conservative. It's not capital C Crazy. That's Trump.
I must say that I am so surprised by this. Not necessarily the endorsement but the arguments leading up to it. Not at all what I expected from 'my paper'.
As in over 180 ridings?
> Yes, that clang you hear is the top of the dustbin closing. Sounds exactly the same as your mind closing. I suppose they are exactly the same thing.
We don't need refugees to turn Canada into a third world country. Our political leaders can do that by themselves.
What is the 'meaningful and responsible way' you have in mind? Please give us your plan and explain how you would implement it.
Please provide data on the number of Canadian citizens killed by the 'Canadian State' in 2010 (or any other year). It would be appreciated. Thank you.
Her health is frail and she is shaicked up with Huma Abedin ....lol
Montreal just stick with the facts....was the editorial wrong? (Yes you will say without thinking), so tell us specifically where.....you can do it....this is part of growing up and learning to rationalize and think critically.
She was probably drunk.
I think you would have to be half drunk/stoned to go to space. It might be cool for a day trip or something. But that Mars trip, no thanks.
'Why not just commit to the most negative and cynical view of humanity and this planet's future 'What are you talking about? How is that going to save the falling Canadian economy?
Hey Roach, Like yours, the Harper reputation will be like that of the Tea Party rednecks in the US who controlled him 100%.
No Jetson. This sort of patriotic fervour is NOT good.
Rifleman....I wasn't talking about income equality.
Roald Dahl lost his daughter Olivia after she caught the measles, https://roalddahl.com/roald-dahl/timeline/1960s/november-1962.
the DNC certinaly come off as unethical but there was no sign of ANYTHING ILLEGAL
Yup. Huffington Post is my favourite, most credible medical journal. No question, period. Good grief!
Good thing we are only accepting legitimate UN screened refugees then
Yes, by denouncing and vowing to never ask for any sharia law.
Regulating the supply makes some sense but this is really about Trudeau and Wynne making sure they get most of the cash. Wynne can't provide electricity at a reasonable cost. People will just ignore her pricey grass.
You should be poisoned and murdered.
Your comment demonstrates that some pro-vaxers are just as looney tunes as the anti-vaxers.
Both parties are owned by the rich. That's their unity. For the people there could be a great unity for equality and social justice. But today's activists have been poisoned by identity politics, an ideology which can only ever divide.
... and that program has always been ill-advised: pay Canadians a decent wage and treat them well on the job and then there will be no labour shortage in those areas.
Alberta Canada's carbon leader?? BC has had carbon taxes since 2008! Everyone pays on energy! What took them so long?
Thinking the '/sarcasm off' was being sarcastic. The Harper Government? only cares about getting reelected. That's not sarcasm, that is the unfortunate reality.
Good post. We have been living under this fiction for the last 10 years under McGuinty. Surprising that we have not heard too many excuses from the Liberals that it was all Harris' fault.
Right, because those tailing ponds that lead straight into the Athabasca River doesn't constitute 'real' pollution.
Agreed, and it would come under the various highway traffic acts. Much easier to implement.
Ha! Have you actually read the Torah and are you aware of the rules Orthodox Jews want everyone to live under?
'Herstory'? Dann says in her piece that the ladies shopped, did some sightseeing, complained about the weather, and gossiped. All integral to the success of the Quebec Conference.
They spent the surplus by giving back to the taxpayers.
Nutcases like you will be heartily condemned, as you should be, by the same people who wouldn't dare say boo to the equivalent from that other religion.
Young people grow old, some actually become religious.
I am a conservative who thinks for himself.
You lucky B-----
Bring in only refugee families and Carry On whatever you were doing up until Friday's fright.
What are you saying?
The further to the ' Left' a country or province votes the greater the disaster... look at France. Why is it that so many electorates, when unhappy and facing adversity, vote for the 'sounds good Leftists' only to find their miseries compounded.
He gets his ideas from John Ibbitson.
Liar ......... They were never in her server.
Fantino, the gift to the opposition that just keeps on giving.
Ms Gagnon is wasting her time looking for anything this government does that doesn't defy logic,
Very well written.
Threaten people's jobs and they will knuckle under to many unethical things. Canada can be pressured by economic actions from outside the country.
Wasn't that vote last week? Didn't England decide to leave the EU?
yes, Avi. Destroying our economy will certainly bring us together. You should roll those joints a little thinner.
Poisonous to whom?
Articles on islamophobia are unnecessary and irksome. Let's get those belonging to islam to function harmoniously with other citizens.
'In my circle, the drugs of choice are martinis and Chardonnay.'1 in 100 Canadians are born each year with FAE/FAS (fetal alcohol effect/syndrome), a lifetime prison sentence that is 100% totally preventable.
I think it's unlikely an earthquake will happen.
Rob, the "Indian" custom at the time, as was the European custom, was that land belonged to whomever could occupy it, whether by force or negotiation. Nothing was "stolen".
...to create this mess.
I wouldn't jump to conclusions - the councillors who voted against the motion are not all right wingers. While I disagree with their position on this one, some had thoughtful reasons for doing so.
I agree with Petrows.
I think you missed the point of the whole article. It wasn't a direct comparison between Trump and Ceausescu. It was a discussion about personalities and populism. Maybe you don't like to hear what is said, but this is still a good article.
Surveys reveal a tightening of the race in battleground states, but don't let that interfere with your mental aberrations.
'Her party doesn't have the values she wants to test immigrants on.' That may be true. So? We SHOULDN'T 'test' immigrants on these?
Proving once again you do not have to be intelligent and you certainly do not require even a smidgen of common sense to be a University professor.. Especially an Anthropolgy professor. Dumb as a bag of doorknobs.
The only imperialism in Ukraine is American.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9k6lpJJ8wAk
Those are the values that the liberals like to rattle about. So you're no longer supporting those values? Weird.
in the case of today, the overlap between Justin and Obama is only a few months. i doubt there'll be selfies and unicorns with either Pres. Trump or Clinton. but will he stand up for Canadian interests?
Because the Pastafarians are ridiculous. Oh, wait...
Would it hurt our PMs to respect each other?...Would it hurt if Tubby returned the stolen $3.1 Billion dollars, I mean misplaced $3.1 BILLION dollars ? after all this is 100 times worse than Adscam.
NEA2. The unelected civil/public service has always existed to implement elected government policies.
more than that. Two today alone.
Lost in all of the accusations is the fact that Mike Duffy is still ahead of the game by $90,000.Why is this to being shouted from the roof tops by Canadian media?
if only his last name was not TRUDEAU!
And you call the Wynne regime good government. Give your head a real good shake.!
what a strange reply. why would I be in a cage for 75 years? and what does that have to do with this case?
Can't even get a 4 year old Brit to shake his hand!
Maybe it just means you're not as nice a person as you probably think you are.
Great last sentence. And we're talking about conservative politicians here. Aren't they the ones usually blathering on about fiscal responsibility?
Straight Talk, it was a dying Progressive Conservative government in late 30s Ottawa that came up with the idea for a central bank, a national airline, and the CBC. Cut the crappoloni.
Exactly STEPHEN is going to support this bill so all admirers of the celebrity want-to-be Gestapo Stephen why are you not supporting your idol?
I won't be waiting. Liberals have turned fence sitting into an artform.
You've received replies from two very irrational members of our species who are entirely absorbed with self. A dangerous breed.
You aren't an NDP guy if you don't have a beard.
@Tormaine SC judges have biases like everyone else
"Einstein hit his peak in his twenties and fizzled." Einstein was born in 1879 and received the Nobel prize in 1921. That would make him 42.
By the bleep look of our future in Canada, part time work may be all they can find.
keep drinking that Lake Ontario water pal.
'Phalocratic?' This article reads like a grad student's essay for SOC 500. This is supposed to be a newspaper so please keep the English English.
haters? you should have seen the FORD haters the MIKE HARRIS haters the HARPER haters Trudean Haters are meek in comparison
The modern union is the same as the modern corporation... communication is one directional and the the needs of the workers are subservient to the needs of the union/corporation
Since Atheism loooooong predates Christianity, your questions is rather silly.
How to do "it" ? Priceless.
95% of Canadians 50 and under want baby boomers to die already.
Me neither. He will probably extract all my yellow teeth to showcase on his mantlepiece.
The Law is an A$$. Does that make sense? Alas, more and more in these paranoid times. This woman is 'barred' even from flying over US airspace, as are others denied entry due to perceived or imagined security threats.
Actually the land ice in Antarctica is melting and the western sea ice is smaller than usual. http://www.skepticalscience.com/antarctica-gaining-ice.htm
I haven't seen any progressives seriously struggle with this question. It boils down to this: religion or not, the government has no right to tell women what they can/cannot wear.
If private business has to essentially be bribed and then guaranteed a profit to build / run something - there's probably a good case for it not to be built in the first place.
Make the Globe Great Again
Not surprising. The reason that's all you've got is because he hasn't offered up anything of substance.
Nah, she does not...
I don't work in anything related to government.
you are so naive.
What a load of pure garbage and wishful thinking.
The whole world is going to need our oil and we need to value it accordingly and stop giving it away.
The world just laughs at Vancouver
@Dartguard It was not the Liberal government's "decision" to join the fight in Afghanistan. The United States invoked Article 5, which meant that all NATO members were OBLIGATED to join. If the Liberals had refused and quit NATO, would you be happy?
As someone who isn't white, go live in the States for a few years and then get back to us.
This right here
Looking around the world, I fear that the next 5 years could be a critical period in human history. Decline of democracy, rise of populism, environmental issues, economic brinksmanship etc. Hope I am just a grumpy old man. We shall see.
Idiot....Harper has punched your one way ticket to Auschwitz " the fascists don?t come marching in overnight. It?s a slow march.?
Pierre Trudeau, Brian Mulroney, and Jean Chr?tien didn't like the CBC. After the CBC finishes with the Gohmeshi lawsuits, more taxpayers & women won't like the CBC.
Hooey? The only hooey is the phony integrity of the entire Clinton clan. Whenever I see or hear them, the salty saliva runs in my mouth, and i feel like I'm going to vomit.
The cops failed the bravery test.
'we do not know how much of the income increase in the top 1 per cent is due to appropriate labour market forces'Ha! ha! ha! ROFL! What a great joke of the day! How ingenious to sneak it into a 'serious' commentary.
did the globe report that robo-con harper is being sued, is progressing through the courts? I did not see it.
This editorial is about freedom of the press, is it not?
He's not too big in the US. Obama thinks he's a dick.
With respect, country it, it is YOU who are delusional if you are comparing the Libya of 1986 to Iran in 2014. Completely and utterly different.
These improvements were based on the understanding that unsanitary conditions were the source of germs & viruses ( e.g. cholera contaminated drinking water ). Medical science at work.
The West's immigration policies matter as much as did those of the Lakota or Iroquois First Nations. In a world of 7 billion, when your females stop having children it's just a matter of time.
Civilization is in "overshoot" now. This will end badly.
Ignorance is not an opinion.
You have a very short and distorted memory.
Tim Hudak: every time I see him or hear him speak he makes me want to find a very high bridge and jump! I don't know why...
No country can afford to be a 'moral superpower' including Sweden. The Swedes are being naive and stupid.
Yeah, how did the problems with this one skate by the Traned Economist when he was drawing up the campaign platform? The mind boggles.
there sometimes comes a point, where an editorial writer , having lost all their commitment to objectivity, need simply declare a desire to be placed on the payroll.
The Toronto Sun is such a reliable source. If the story had any credibility you would have read about it in the G & M.
The rest of Canada has gotten used to getting on with business, carrying Quebec as a free rider. Enjoy the ride, but remember: the price had to be paid, and we are your life support system.
steve_d1 - the comment was not to you or intended for you.
The survey actually breaks out agnostic and atheists, both of which had under 50,000 adherents. The largest comes from the 7.7M people who selected 'no religion ' out of 32M people. Always best to look at the stats directly. This comes from th NHS.
Instead of leading on this file, Bennett is being led, by the nose. She seems, in panic mode, get control of yourself Carolyn.
How is the show cancelled? Have we all forgotten that Rob will more than likely we elected for his ward, thus still be at city hall, thus still be a sideshow?
Moon, Do you *really* need it spelled out to you?
Taxrage... she may not have given up anything... but her husband likely had to work more hours ie:*give up* time with the kids, for her to spend 24/7 with them... at some point it has to go both ways.
At least we all HAVE hair.
?Big Business isn?t feeling the love?--------------------------------------------They will feel the love again, just as soon as Harper figures out how to convert gifts for them into votes for him.
Ms. Wente you are about to be appointed to the Senate!
I met a feminist who didn't know cultural Marxism was.
It raises the question of what if anything can be done to integrate Muslims into Western societies. why integrateJustin says DIVERSITY
Indeed. And all of the claims of "the people" voting him in ... this was a 50/50 tossup. only 50% of "the people" got what they want. The USA is still a deeply, deeply divided country. The biggest casualty is the environment. Michelle 2020!!
I went to Catholic schools too, and none of them cared about kilt length, even the one run by nuns. The schools that have a dress code down to the right KIND of black shoes have too much administrative time on their hands.
I have a better idea, let's decriminalization all crime. Think of the money saved on police, courts, jail, the entire justice system could be cut by 4/5th! Why is the only solution suggested by the progressive left decriminalization?
'I'm having a hard time feeling any sympathy for the public parasite sector.'Go ahead and inspect your own meat, then.
Even when a comment is censored, there is still the satisfaction of letting the comment censor know what you think.
You forget Kim Campbell, but then ...
That is laughable. Boeing is building two SH per month because of the slow demand. When demand picks up, they can build as many as 5 or 6 per month. The 18 SH that we need can be delivered within a year or two.
Cash only settlements should only be entertained. Why give away land when so many reserves are run so poorly. They should not sign any new treaties, just payouts for landclaims with no new reserves.
"when Harper wanted to have the CRA do audits the unthinking freaked out. " =============================================== Proof?
The Russians need Chechnya, and I will let you research that for yourselves That nasty stuff -oil.
Boo: Haven't you seen people smoking cigarettes outside of their employers' front door? Potheads will just have to take a 2 minute break outside the backdoor. Besides, employers will allow you to have alcool while you're on your lunch hour
Who cares what the Malibu mega rich dope heads spew - every single barrel of 'tar sand' oil will be produced, transported, sold, and consumed. Not one thing in the universe will stop that. Just sit back and watch. We will be victorious.
What does 'appear neutral' mean? It means 'appears to be part of the mainstream Quebec society' and not 'fair and equal treatment.' What does 'neutral' look like? A 'typical' Canadian? Your logic is deeply flawed and denies reality.
Get rid of the socialist arbitrators
It's the IggyNoMore movement.
Did you read the article before going into the tirade?
Good points. I can't understand why there is such tolerance of radical Mosques and university groups here. Such groups are a real danger to our country, yet they flourish.
Great article, Margaret!
I am sure her speech will be more shrill.
'What do masculinists learn in school? How to spend as much time as possible on the internet?'-------------------------About the same amount of time feminists do learning about shaming language rather than having rational discussions. Is that a lot?
What about Hydro, especially small hydro projects: flow of river systems...?
'submit the vice is political class in general. Should he become President how could United States be worse off than Canada. A proven business person vs a drama teacher.'Is there a sentence in there somewhere? Meaningless drivel is what I read.
Obama replaced 1800 Canadians with 28,000 Marines in Afghanistan.
If you don't know the difference... you're just a useful idiot for any fascist, religious thugs racy. You're a dime a dozen these days.
Well everybody, don't expect too many of your posts to be published on this forum. Remember it is the weekend and the Globe's High Priestess of Censorship is at the helm.
Malice in Blunderland, the German Version...
Ranked Ballot might work well when you are trying to pick a leader, because you are only filling one empty seat. With single member ridings we would still have a House of Commons that doesn't represent Canadians proportionately.
Great video, great success storyThanks
Agree with most of what you have posted... Ottawa is not surprised... what did they think would happen when burying in an Ominbus bill, TFWs could be paid 15 percent less? They most certainly knew what would happen...
Yes, I fully agree. The Chiefs are very highly paid leaders for their skills, why do they have a problem managing, I wonder.
Really? Importing an American shop worn narrative into Canada to explain how this person 'forgot' where she was born? Really? Grow a few gray cells for heaven's sake.
why keep this post open....? All you will get are stupid posts like LC. Come on G&M, do the intelligent thing and spare us .
Snowfanatic: Your response has nothing to do with Stevevickrepoboy's question.
We have three Progressive parties in Ontario... so Ontario is doomed, bankruptcy looms...'Detroit North'.
Your first statement being true......Stephen Harper should have resigned in 2006 !!
Speak for yourself. I've yet to read a comment of yours that wouldn't have been greatly improved by you not posting it.
Yes that's why I wouldn't vote for someone - poor French skills.
Skippy, we ain't buying it.
The Global Marxist movement is over, one country at a time. We see you and reject you!!!!!!!1st Britexit, USA, next Austria, Italia, Netherlands, France and finaly Germany.
Gerald Butts wrote this. Just like he made up the 'because its 2016' line.
And? Police interactions with the mentally ill are also a matter of serious concern, but they aren't as numerous or as organized a social group as racial minorities.
[.And I struggle to imagine a universe in which Nigel and BoJo are hardworking men of the people, rather than just a different brand of elitists themselves....] Heck, they're the worst kind of elitists: they're journalists who went into politics.
then they made douglas channel look like the middle of the pacific. total BS
Was the old man really that smart?
One can see a thread of Islam-worship in this article's description of women.
He was a great, and is now an aging rock star... I could care less what he thinks about issues of this nature.
Blind and primitive tribalism is my bet.
also, no mention of QC dark-horse Maxime Bernier, a real free-marketeer, and representative of a strain rarely seen from there
BM. That CCF politician you met when you were eighteen would agree with you on this front. But will the Trudeau government? Nope. His father sure didn't. I just don't see it happening - forever and ever.
The country is better of without a party of turncoats, thieves and scum.
' Anti-terrorism Act: The government has still not made its case' And the Harper Conservatives will never bother to make their case until the Globe and Mail announces that they will not endorse them in the next election.
Harper hates the Charter, because it was implemented by a Trudeau
Manning is either a sell-out or he was a fraud all along.
Now that would make an interesting and controversial article ...
Ah, so you would vote for the Conservatives if they simply became the NDP. Fortunately for the rest of us, YOU DONT GET TO DECIDE WHO IS FIT FOR OFFICE.
No support from me! The whole province is way too prog.
By 'being mad' I assume you mean insane because that certainly fits.
That's the funniest post of the day... corruption is endemic in Russia.
The truth will set you free.
Well said, T'rono.
In our town the police treat Muslims with kid gloves, there's likely no action when you call because no officer wants to jeopardize her career with a possibility of being tarred with racial intolerance or some other fake accusation.
Well said, Alliance... though I don't think it's unwitting... it is the strategy adopted by the Cons since Der Steveo came to power...'We promise to be no worse than the Liberals...' What was unsaid was '...and no better, either...'
It must be nice to live outside of reality Ms Wente but that is not unusual for you is it??
Globalism is a tool of the corporate elites.
I'll bet Jennifer Aniston is looking better and better to Brad right about now.
NEA2, nobody 'files' for non-residency. They just leave and file a tax return for the last year that they were resident.
Indeed. Dropping bombs is not fighting.
Jack, see the US Senate hearings - the three main US ratings agencies were shown to be both corrupt and incompetent.
You are way off. Better look up some history on the various demographics that make up both countries.
You are ignorant. They are not soldiers. They're convicted war criminals.
Miller: I never backed Trump... unlike you....
So the opportunity here is to integrate them ---- Yet they don't. But demand special accommodations.
Really, this whole conversation is a case study in rape culture: a pack of male trolls all trying to prove that women being raped is a giant fantasy conspiracy cooked up by evil man-hating feminists.
Dalton McGuinty was a puppet of the teacher's unions.
There are no buses on PGR west of MacDonald, nor will there be under the new plan.
why not apply this 'no-fail' attitude to sports? both teams always 'WIN' in football, basketball, hockey, etc.? it might hurt someone's self-esteem too much to say they 'failed' or 'lost' to another team
Doug - Thanks for your wisdom.
Note to Masdar. You are confusing economics and politics. Those unhappy with the EU want it to return to its roots as a free trade association. They want to keep the trade but lose the politicians. Not such a bad thing.
No maids, no chauffeurs, no gardeners, no chefs, just your lies Miss Smyth.
SourceCheck, you mean just like Liberal operatives infiltrated Conservative rallies to disrupt them or protest? This is neither new nor is it only a Conservative issue. Get off your high-horse.
Sounds like ...moral exhibitionism. Unfortunately, running charities and handing out other people's money is a far cry from good government fiscal management. That is why Justin is so cluelessly running up staggering deficits.
Yes, it leads to a Breitbart webpage. Pffft.
No, this sounds like the world job market.
Being so political instead of practical proves again how inept Harper and his government really.
The only reason that senate reform ever got onto the Conservative agenda many years ago was because the senate was abused by the Liberals when it became the babysitting slush fund of losing Liberal candidates.
Hmm. You missed the point entirely, while pretending to know more than anyone else. A vintage moon howler post.
dazzer - the ultimate irony is that its Harper who is pushing so many canadians back into the arms of the LIB party. That's just how big a loser this guy is.
Stop watching Fox news... there is no war on xmas - and world religions is taught in public school. Your rant was nauseating.
You are saying they don't have the same rights as everyone else.
is this your joke for stand up comedy? as they say, don't give up your day job
or grass or weeds for that matter.
I would like to hear Mark's response to Steve's question.
Is are wrong
I have been watching Hadfield's videos with a five-year-old neighbor. We think they are wonderful, beautiful, incredible. Thanks, Chris Hadfield.
After reading replies to this article, so much for national unity is all I say. If you think the political landscape and climate will improve after 2015, think again.
Hey, Plato? I can't recall you ever indicating the faintest hint of a trace of any of those...
False argument. There are many children of straight people who don't know their biological mother or father. do you know the number of single mothers?
Not that I agree with their covering their faces, but if they show up and go through the ceremony, they should be legally assumed that they took the oath. What about someone who only lip-synchs the oath with his fingers crossed?
i'm sure the molestation of thousands of children had nothing to do with it.its pretty hard to cover up their atrocites in the information age.
Submit there is no correlation between star candidates and good political representation.
A perfect redundancy of pandering tripe.
That's the thing about history, moon howler - it involves the past. The only lessons you have to teach anyone is as a clinical specimen of sanctimonious hypocrisy.
Hope Harper calls an early election so we can flush him faster.
How much restraint did your friend Putin show when he killed 200, 000 of his own citizensin Chechnia? Or when critics of his regime like Nemstov are routinely murdered?
Canada for Canadians!
That really does sum it up.
Love the term !
'BC has had the best economy for 2 years....and a carbon tax since 2008..
almost certain this dreck article was published way before sept 30th. this is only the worst of many bad articles which sit on the website almost forever before finally getting punted.
Got any stats for that? No really, please provide them.
No idea, but the key concept appears to be 'reefer'.
I thought all the mayors around Montreal were in jail?
It is the current dogma in universities. It is systemic, pervasive and lives off the public purse. Avoid making donations to any university.
Nice hair but not a flat earth believer. So not PM material, right BC Thoughts?
Can someone tell me what is the point of this article. So you want a new hip. Well wait for it fat-butt. Years ago the solution was a cane or crutches.
Absolutely, if it were a Conservative PM's wife, they would be picking fly droppings out of pepper.
Corporations stayed in Ontario better before Harpers tax cuts actually. Even Harper said they weren't reinvesting the tax savings back into Canada.
Stephen Harper, the barbarian Reformer... remember him fanatics...
Do not Feed pokey's alter ego.
I keep wondering, Bob, whether some of these posters are, as they say in PEI, "from away". Tried reading a Jack Reacher book, and threw it across the room.
Uber is not ride-sharing. It's a high-tech taxi company with freelance drivers.
Old Taxpayer appears to be so old that he/she can no longer read, Bellmare wrote 'the right to be heard' and in a democracy people do have 'the right to be heard.'
"Democrats financially beholden to Wall Street and electorally dependent on school unions " The same thing can be said of both the Ontario and Federal Liberals.
do the men in these relationships where the female is the higher earner always run out if the lady loses her job? just asking.
Well, if you count 'he's wrong' as a personal attack, maybe.
Vancouver has much to lampoon, and it would have been nice to see a bit of balance in this satire, rather than just potshots at the poor and downtrodden of the city.
It cost me $100,000 to move from Vancouver to Edmonton. Mind you, that included $90,000 for the apartment I bought....
Only if you briefly scan the headlines and don't dig deeper to understand the issues.
Regardless of both her condition and the condition of the family? Where does she 'live'?
J.K. Galbraith is right - When it comes to reserves, the funding is between 22-34% less than what non-Native communities receive. Those are facts and they can be checked. As can the assertion that the feds fired KPMG for asserting those statistics.
America THINKS it's great. Fixed that for you.
Some people get more energy in the 60's like Donald and some people are weak beta's like justine and hillary. That's just the way it goes.
Another spectacle for the mindless masses. I think they call it...umm...'sport'? Looks like a sales job to me.
It's in their DNA.
there are Alberta SEPARATISTS ??? which Party are they in? under your bed ?? is there a BLOC ALBERTA? a Parti Alberta?
You haven't watched the last few games have you.
He did, but he won't again!
You're stuck in a hole, jack. Keep digging!
I think a narrow government role is what we're getting now. Doesn't seem to be working.
It's a great system if you don't mind that after most elections the majority of voters do not have their views represented in Parliament.
Atheism is simply a denial or rejection of claims there is a supernatural deity. That being the case it has no structure. Rejecting an unfounded assertion is a positive thing, practically speaking.
Canada first. Natives and whites. Our top 1 % wants the country to become a Muslim stronghold. These ' refugees' will become slaves for our Oligarchi. Terrific.
Hey, c'mon, GlynnMhor. Give us another of your multi-part anti-socialist rants. You're much funnier when you do that than when you do your statistical manipulation bit.
he gets every dollar for your posts
I suggest people read 'Wealth and Democracy' by Kevin Philips. The US government has been bought and paid for by the extremely wealthy for the benefit of the wealthy since 1776.
Well said!
"Peace, order and good government" is the introductory phrase of section 91 of the CONSTITUTION ACT, 1867, generally stating the scope of the legislative jurisdiction of Parliament.
Also missing in action: The ridiculous carbon tax they gouge us for every time you fill up your car or your furnace kicks in. Where's all that revenue?
Grammar Correction: Well let's start with your grammar error Globe and Mail : 'journalistic integrity and credibility' is [are ] essential to The Globe's reputation....
Don't give him any ideas. I look forward to him not being my MP.
How about a gas pipeline to the west coast that required consensus when Harper was in power but is now going to be built without consensus? There will be an oil pipeline too eventually, for the Chinese. Let's hope that can be negotiated.
'Government, stay away from my money' good luck with that!!
Crips and bloods ... sharks and jets .... greasers and socs ..... liberals and cons ...
Fiscally conservative Liberals? Do we have such a thing in Canada?
@rock doctor it's none of our business.
I had a similar principal, and aboriginal to boot. Those WW2 vets were the best. After a war, they could handle pretty much anything with ease. Today's adults aren't even in the same league.
Mark My Word Please provide evidence of your claim which I suspect probably is not true. Most left wingers don't understand the income tax act.
Ramesh, You became Catholic because the Portuguese gave your ancestors a simple choice - convert, or dieNow if the Bible says 'An eye for an eye' then Hindu Indians should do the same to your relatives in South Asia
Tom's too busy teaming up with Harper.
Ms. Wente is usually so cynical that I expected she would attack the credibility of the woman involved. Pleasantly surprised.
An annuity may be a solution but annuities are based on current interest rates AND the return on an annuity from an RRSP is 100% taxable.
You know in everyone's life there is grief, stress and anxiety, but most people have no choice but to keep going each day and there is no organization encouraging them to come forward and be taken care of.
The G&M says to vote for the status quo, conformity, the Clinton's good ol liberal insiders elite club, blind political correctness, sub-surficial crime and scandal.
Nope, it doesn't.
You obviously do not know what a 'homophobe' nor a 'bigot' is. You will be hard pressed to find any one who has a phobia (ref. Wikipedia) towards homosexuals but you clearly embody all the attributes of a bigot.
Not many organizations can boast that they have both the US and Russia trying to destroy them. Talk about 2 fronts.
'What?s in it for the scientists and what?s their motive?'you really need someone to answer that? really?
Your analysis is correct. However it is likely that Trump is merely exploiting the angst and disaffection and will not effect change.
Ancient, of course in a population of 1 or 2 billion, a few smart people will emerge. Most are really dumb though. Totally brainwashed and opressed by the so-called "culture" which people think is helping them succeed.
And yet, a third of Canadians will vote for this bozo. Unbelievable!!
The greedy Republicans had to have their tax cuts while 50 million Americans can barely feed themselves and their children.
OH... I almost forgot... Globe and Mail also endorsed Ed Stelmach and Alison Redford. Nice track record you have there, editors. I think we Albertans will be quite happy to ignore you, all things considered.
prominent journalist, Lawrence Soloman versus Bruce from Etobicoke choose who to believe
So you think we should have to choose between carbon tax or cap-and-trade? No. The answer is 'neither.' Would you rather jump or get pushed?
Dutchie, my wife is beautiful, slim and trim. Has an IQ too. Unlike our current mayor!
They've been clueless since Lougheed, which is a pretty long time.
So you think Harper and his gang of more are "makers"? How deluded of you!
Terrorist incidents in Europe, like the Madrid bombings, have been linked to people with connections to Tetouan in the Rif mountains of Morocco. Brussels has many people from the Rif area.
For more information on the Russian human Rights Crisis and Contacts for the IOC Sponsors and Government Agencies worldwide: www. brandedbysochi.com
The literla minded missed the point vote 4me got it
Perpetuated by Wynne
The rich and greedy do NOT care about the average American male regardless or race, colour or religion they only care on how much more money they can make.
Same was said about Allison Redford and Christy Clark, before they won their majorities. I guess repeating the lazy sexist comparison to Kim Campbell all the time doesn't actually make it true.
Wente picked and choose her examples. She skipped countries where legalization works. She also skipped over the fact that it's a failure of regulation in Germany and the Netherlands, NOT a failure of legalizing sex trade.
Writing is one task you might have; picking people up after war is not so easy; watching a country implode is not so easy; riots in the streets not so easy?..
There could be a business plan out there for Canada Post if the politicians would get out of the way. But as with other issues their focus both in government and in opposition is on popularity rather than hard truths.
Yes, secrecy and insider manipulation standard practice. That's part of the problem.
'President Dwight Eisenhower arrived at Union Station on a visit during the Second World War.'Huh? What was Eisenhower president of during WWII? The Elks club?
Your righteous indignation over the PM's 'meanness' while calling for a fresh new mandate for his government is disingenuous.
I see your not a very deep thinker, I suggest you go and think it over some more.
I guess that would be a volunteer position- yeah right.
http://www.amazon.com/John-Boys-Grant-MacDonald/dp/B00DEO0MXY/ref=sr_1_2_title_0_main?s=music&ie=UTF8&qid=1396249414&sr=1-2&keywords=JOHN+A+MACDONALD+GRANT
The next pope should shut the whole thing down.
BS - the US has been arming them through their proxies Saudi Arabia and Israel for years.
Don't you just love organised religion? It brings such joy and enlightenment to its followers.
Aw shucks Brutus ... you got me all figured out. Like the unwanted guest who simply won't go away, eh?Sorry to rain on your little parade.
Everyone leans left or right. Or do you prefer an echo chamber to feed your information bubble?
Canada should first make Canada better before making else where
Well said, good sense of humour.
You're right. Miss Gagnon is just a propagandist anti-Qu?bec. She's paid for that. You know before reading her what she will think about an issue.
Then we fire back like our troops did in the Medak Pocket.
By that logic, the smarter kids are not in the streamed FI?
no, he was just horrible.
Well he certainly killed it in Vegas.
dickie... do you have a phone ??? get busy... maybe a fax... or mail can get your docuements to and from .......get it ?
I really doubt we need to worry about Syrian refugees bringing a polio epidemic to Canada.
And what happens when the lights go out? You know what I mean.
The Senate scandalette was over blown by the media and Opps. But the end result, unintended consequences for the Opps and their media, will be Harper gets the reform he has wanted since 2004.
A great leader doesn't need to be accompanied by the likes of Jean Chretien; you have to be pretty desperate (and disconnected from Canadians) to do that.
You people in Ontario haven't had a good Premier since Mike Harris. We in western Canada just howel at the bunch of you as you continue to slide into oblivion.
If you're trying to compare Canada's one cheating scandal (Ben Johnson) with Russia, you've been drinking too much vodka, Boris.
Star_Chaser - 'The most bigoted people I have seen here are the Harper haters.'Just like Israelis and Jews who oppose the policies of the Israeli government are 'anti-Semites'? Your attempts to criminalize political opinion are pathetic.
Dream on leapster.
That's why he's the most popular Premier in Canada? Because he doesn't happen to share your ridiculous world view?
Some people think they know more than they do, and love to show it:Arithmetic or arithmetics (from the Greek ??????? arithmos, 'number') is the oldest and most elementary branch of mathematics. en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arithmetic
Methinks it is to provide diversion from the Ontariowe McGuinty/Wynne debacle.
Agreed! Time to wake up!!
'Hopefully, some of these more secular Israelis will end up in Canada.'Why?
Yawn, the same old sob story from con supporters that refuse to take responsibility for their actions. We prefer 'Sunny Ways' to your last decade of 'Dark Daze'...
Just one quibble, GVShe says that the change 'cannot be done for partisan political reasons and without regard for the rule of law and the role of the provinces'.I would add one thing: the protection of Canadian citizens from ruthless politicians.
LOL.. any search engine will do .. :)
Yes, Manning quotes Kissinger. Kissinger, who famously endorsed the idea of overthrowing democratically elected leftist governments.
Also changing the electoral system will benefit some parties and hurt others. Certainly the CONS will be hurt and the NDP and Greens think they will benefit. Liberals ?? now they see that with PR they will always be in a coalition forever.
The real terrorists must be laughing their @rses off.
the myth of harper economics:.. http://m.theglobeandmail.com/news/politics/lawrence-martin/the-myth-of-tory-economic-performance/article2328652/?service=mobile
What you are yelling is that you expect Canada to hire also-rans and idiots.
Frod Nation never went away... just went to sleep waiting for 'next year.'
Still, if you are a tax-and-spender, you've got two choices. If not, there's only one choice.
Why don't we simply begin the recall process? Even with all the roadblocks Campbell set up in that legislation, we should be able to get rid of this incompetent bimbo and her bimbettes before they do too much more damage.
Don't you? Apparently not..
Not really. Perhaps you might ask Jesus or Buddha or Krishna or Mohammad.
I was saying that firmly tongue in cheek. But that's where we're heading according to the recent polls.
So pray tell, Lamont, why are you posting instead of spending a leisurely day with your dog and kids if you have any? Hypocrisy knows no bounds! :)
He says they should pay for it because Mexico owes the US 58 million dollars.
The "victim" bloody well started it. Watch the video.
Harper should appoint Don Cherry as Ambassador to Russia to sound his bullhorn.
Thanks for your opinion, you can get back to your game of Grand Theft Auto now.
Exactly. Much broader context at The National Post.
Respect, Francois. Sounds like they're doing a good job. Now the Ontario PCs need to promise to copy the Qu?bec and NY state examples here in Ontario. C.
Why dont you look up geo thermal systems that ALREADY exist?
Hey, calm down, buddy. You're getting a little excited. If it makes you feel better to call me a bigot, them go ahead.
Atlas, you don't have to be a lawyer to know that the two accused can sue if they're found innocent. May defamation/libel?
leftist progressives see "racist" everywhere like the boy in that movie who said "I see dead people"
If only there was a way to secure your phone... oh wait, encryption.
Americans are benignly ignorant about Canada while Canadians are maliciously well informed about America. MrC
What country? What balancing act?
The public is stupid. Thank God for leaders we have leaders like Justin Trudeau that can do all the thinkin' fer us.
. That's just the point "little man", stop hanging around with the "average Euro/Yank". Most of these people can not name their respective Finance Minister, you really should broaden your "horizons". If you can, that is................. .
Yes indeed, hard to quibble with that logic -- always helpful to check in with the inebriated voter.
Fresh is saying the wrong stuff is being planned.
The Harper Games: Catching Fire may be one of the best sequels of all time
A terrible article, but as expected from this columnist.
The fact that 49 Americans were killed in this terrorist attack makes it exceptional. The terrorist could just as easily have targeted a Catholic church on Palm Sunday or Christmas eve.
Petulant Egotistical Tempestuous = PET.
Change horses.
also read the book, 'Party of One'
Exactly !Beware of 'professors' writing reports .....
People whose only form of income is a government program (that they have not previously paid into) do not pay taxes.
Instead of listening to sond bites given to you by the the lunatics in Harper's war room, listen to the entire conversations.
Justin and Adams deserve each other - political opportunists
lol... it's about *not having seats*...silly me. Well that accounts for it. Standing room only.
John McCain has said that at the Tokyo war trials the Americans executed Japanese soldiers for the kind of torture that the CIA has engaged in.
never mind the Globe 'thought police' are out on patrol again
Actually, the judge did most definitely use the phrase "genocide", which has a well-defined meaning regardless of what modifier is placed in front of it. Perhaps you should learn a little history before you spout off.
The party that is afraid of the outcome of a referendum is the Liberals. If it weren't so, they would commit to having one as part of this whole process.
Yes, but you see, their biases are those of the elite, 'higher purpose' people.
The only part of the economy which is booming is the paranoid terrorism sector!
Now go write a post about the medical experiments and sexual abuse that Canadians subjected its minorities to. Or do you have too much invested in trying to keep it quiet from the rest of the world.
JFK is the most overrated politician ever and only because he was assassinated.
the melting pot change into a pressure cooker, excuse the bad metaphor.
That's not even passable name calling. BTW by the look of this post, coherency is not your strong suit.
Because the workhorse of the CDN economy is taking a little time off.
Why should the election of an undisciplined 12 year old affect America's future? You know, just because he is leader of the free world and knows nothing about world affairs.
The SIB footings and toll plazas are also built on Mohawk land Akwesasne land. The Akwesasne Council is an owner and a partner.
Those are the facts that the left hates.
The next time it's just the same tired, specious argument. And the next....and the next...
Sunny Daze.
Spain certainly didn't.
It makes me appreciate that I live in the suburbs of one of the most safe and beautiful cities in the world. That our city is filled with opportunity, and people that care about each other....Toronto!
@MMackinnon Yes in the Chretien and Martin years there was a more peaceful world... Terrorists would not have blown up WTC in 2001 just a few miles south of the Canadian border.
Mr Baird: Just say 'no' to ethnic cleansing. Stop the settlers.
You've described how a partisan would behave, and you should know.
Considering the Conservative Party is the ONLY party to ever be convicted of election fraud, one should take the time to wonder why they want to change the very election laws they broke ?
It's not socialist. It's Bilderberger.
Single parents shouldn't constantly be in the position of having to defend themselves.
so, are you saying that Eve Adams is the type of politician that reflects the higher standard that is so desperately needed in political life in Canada today?
And yet you read it. Why?
He's also going to ban the veil in schools and other public places. Excellent news and should be followed in Canada.
You are engaging in inane false equivalencies. No one attacked at all in this instance, let alone demean a political spouse.
Washington DC, New York, Boston, San Diego, San Jose, to name a few
the emporer rubber stamped it
May this Globalist and Mail endorsement work like a charm for Merkel, just like the Hillary endorsement.
and a heartless gov't
Are we watching the death throes of American liberal democracy? No. What you are watching is the death throe of the pant suit lady.
Was wondering the same thing?.
Hey our generation had the security of the depression and then WW2. See how we turned out? Be kind.
Bay Anderson go take your meds granny
It is amazing how you can so easily ignore the economic successes of the Chretien/Martin years as well as the overwhelming disrespect Harper has for the institutions of our country. Harper acts as if he is above the law. Scary.
how is this relevant?
Konrad must be smoking something to suggest that the government increase the tax?????Give them a chance to screw us some more???? IDIOT
Canada should build its own refinery, despite the cost, and stop relying on U.S. Politicians to make or break our economic policies.
Standard Union Apologist response: gotta protect those entitlements, eh?C.
http://www.buteykoeducators.org/
That's bull. I worked for years at minimum wage. Gave it my best, proud of it decades later.
It was a Quebecois, Jean Chretien, who put our troops in Afghanistan.
they are called hypocrites for a reason.
No we don't know billions in subsidies are thrown at bitumen extraction. Some new projects get a short royalty holiday while the project is ramping up production. And the companies, not government, are responsible for rehabilitating the sites.
Careful not to sprain your wrist putting your thesaurus back on the shelf, Chatty.
Uh Sheep, just how many is your "great many"? You and your friends? .
I have dont my own experimenting and I don't care what ANY research says. MY RESEARCH has proven it works to control seizures, pain, insomnia and BP. I use high CBD oil 9 mg/day and its incredible for these ailments.
alexgtsakumis. com/2013/03/02/exclusive-breaking-news-rcmp-called-in-to-investigate-ethnogate/- and the RCMP
A Province in the Anglo-American Empire ...
I've noticed that it seems to take longer for writers to come to the point the less significant the point is.
How do you improve the productivity of policemen, firemen, nurses, doctors, teachers, etc using technology?
Our 'Harpe hysteria' is simply a manifestation of our deep patriotism ...
When wrong is committed in the world, it is right to sanction it. As a Christian, I say it is high time that Christians stop defining themselves by what happens in the bed. It is time to define ourselves by our generosity to all of our fellow man.
Notley has been entirely respectful of us. Where on earth did you read or hear she called anyone a village idiot? It was Ralph Klein who kept referring to us Martha and Henry. Now that was disrespectful. Why am I responding to you?
This is their favourite hangout: besides Zundel's basement, that is.
LOL. 'De-politicize'? It's a legislative body to vote on bills and pass laws which govern.....policies. Politics is the nature of the beast. Hey - how about Chauncey Gardner for Senator? LOL
Traitor? Uh, guess you aren't following the stories about Trump being a Putin stooge, are you? Why do that when a guy who believes lizards run the planet likes Trump, the rapist.
The main issue addressed in the article was the locker room, and the right of a transgendered biological male (who had not had reassignment surgery) to not have to change behind a curtain.
A lot of hot air, yet nobody bothered to rebut my original claim that many natives - particularly chiefs - are more than happy to be seen primarily as victims and thereby forego any responsibility for their own actions.
'just making excuses for the right to make rude, obnoxious, and incendiary speech.' You don't believe people should be allowed to say rude or obnoxious things? Seriously? And who would be the judge of that?
Don't blame the unions. Blame right wing governments and free trade.
why doesn't she just go a way.
Exactly - the KGB, GESTAPO, STASI .... were the precursors. No thanks.
Boy scouts... Dudley Doo Right... Superman. These are part of the bedrock on which Canada was founded. The thing that all three have in common is none ever hid in a closet.
This is Liberal policy. Would Justin force all of his MPs to vote in favour? Would they have to be Pro-Euthanasia to even run for the Liberals? Would he accept any limitations at all, or would it be 'on demand' ?
Great comment, shaunnarine1.
Yeah that's one big garden that needs a ferry.
I found the editorial to be very wrong to the ninth degree. I have been reading The Globe since I was 8 years old. I cancelled my subscription.
Exceptionalism and bigotry. Exactly.
[Frankly, we consider stoners d?class?.]Is that right? But of course, plagiarism is your kind of Martini. Hold the ice.
And many of them do just that. 50% of new teachers will quit the profession by the end of their fifth year of employment.
Not only are THEY deafThey are DUMB
Do you have a residence address in Canada? No? Then which riding would you vote in?
Coup in Turkey means the neo-con merc tool isis et al are finished. The US hegemony adventure in the ME is coming crashing down.
Of course, you're bitter. Very little complexity involved there. Trolling doesn't require much in the way of thought. In your case, it doesn't even really require properly typing out two end-stopped sentences.
The reason for this article is willful blindness. And Deafness
Not spineless, he knows he was voted out , so what should he be doing as he moves on ?Libs and others are funny people, how they hate him, but yet want him to do what ????
Liberals have only 'soft power'You can't make peace with soft powerUSA makes the peacethen Justin comes in and 'keeps' itwhateveranything for a seat on the Security councilto the glory of the Shirtless Selfie Sunny PM of Canada
Anyone no the details of the NDP plan? I.e. is it to be government run day cares or will it be some sort of government funded private run model? I can't seem to find any specifics anywhere..... Thanks.
'?Pierre Trudeau and the structural deficits of the 1970s and ?80s'. Um, I think that you forgot the master of the structural deficit?Brian Mulroney.
You don't understand ad hominem plainly or you wouldn't admit it.
References??
The Inner Party in Orwell's 1984.
How in the world can you twist this into a molding experience for people who weren't even in the same city when it happened and are clearly innocent is beyond me. That's some serious mental gymnastics.
'...the Quebec government would be much better served in promoting an economic vision that crosses linguistic and ethnic lines.'...As opposed to a vision for crosses that promotes linguistic and ethnic lines....
The problem with arbitration -- is that awards are totally detached from the government's ability to pay. It should be like any other job, if you don't like the working conditions - leave, or do something else.
Exactly why is it ok to spend our kids money for our benefit today?
Wow the stupid meter registered that one as a 10! You win a free trip to a rubber room.
What an assinine comment. Shut down everyone you don't agree with, then you can be sure you are cot hen not voice that matters.
And lay off the sugar...
This isn't racism. It's the truth. It is what it is. Unlike you, I'm not so arrogant as to believe the truth will never offend anyone.
Like so many op-eds - the article's click bait value is most important.
LMAO! The Alberta Party is a bunch of extreme left-wing nutjobs. No one credible would ever associate themselves with collection of clowns.
Except Alaska would prefer a LNG plant to be built in Valdex vs shipping into Alberta
What illogical dream world of magic do you live in?
Law professors?
Right! The choice of most other people is to bury their head in the sand, and keep right on doing what the ads tell them to.There's a reason why gas guzzling trucks are the most purchased vehicles in Canada.
Agenda. Rankings are one thing. The percentage of viewers/listeners is a better measurement and would not support your view.
Harper just doesn't admire the hard working farmers as much as he says. He ruins one of Eastern Ontarios last industries for cheap pizza. What a stupid mistake.
The Chief Electoral Officer said it would cost 300 million.
And remember, they won't have Jack there helping them this time.
Joke, yes. Irrelevant on this issue, no.C.
And why on earth do election results have to be predictable? I want them representive - period.
Sounds like you are talking 50 years ago, this have changed in this world since then.
"the bulk of medical costs are incurred in the last few months of an individual's life." And the first few years, especially if you count mom's medicals before and immediately after birth.
That is one comprehensive list. Where can I get a copy of it? Unfortunately I cant C&P off G&M.
interesting video that describes real costs of solar etc. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ayIyiVua8cY
No, it is Assad, ISIS and the Western powers that destabilised Iraq, Libya and Syria that are at fault, not Islam.
Nice fantasy will you be self publishing it on Kindle?
the lefty wingnuts are everywhere and heavily represented on calgary city council
Canada can and has stripped Canadians of citizenship, those convicted of WW2 war crimes so they could be deported and face trial in Europe and there was no outcry from Canadians. Is it Liberal policy to prevent this happening in the future?
'Or maybe what men should do so that women would want to marry them.'--------------------Women are the ones that say 'yes' to the proposition for the most part... so you have it backwards.
I got news for you. There isn't much difference between the Libs and Cons. It has more to do with who the leader is.
The Duffy trial may not really matter in the end because people that see what went on in the PMO, already would never vote for Harper. And then there are the Harper supporters who will vote for him no matter what he does. You can't fix stupid.
Yeah, the U.S. needs to constantly compare itself with Canada for our self worth. Happens all the time. American media is filled with Canada related news.
The bear population is stable, thus the limited hunting season.
Nothing new under the sun is right. A conservative voice crying about the poor oil industry and the government's need to prop it up. Sorry Mr. Manning your oil buddies don't have this PM in their pocket.
There are twos sides to every coin. In this case, somebody's lying and I have a choice to make as to whom I believe. Guess what, Dalton? I don't believe a word you say.
I don't see any good reason for the 40 gram per month limit, nor for tracking purchases.
Well - in Ontariowe they did what the politicians said ! How is that working for us ....
There is nothing whatsoever that is 'political' about the work of most charities, certainly not the conservation and health charities who are working to make the world a better place
The whole deal is a mugs game.
'Freedom of the press belongs to those who own one'It's the internet age. DIY, start your own website and let the comments fly. It's never been easier.
Donnie becoming president is now certain. New info today shows that several foreign intelligence agencies broke into Hillarys home computer. And, this weekend, watch for the grand finale on WikiLeaks. Good bye, and good night Hillary!
You're living proof that Trump fans are ignorant and irrational...
Even IF that were conceded it is microscopic compared to Harper.
Yes. All those over 60 should be denied the right to vote, anywhere, for anything. However, they should still be required to pay taxes.
This principal of governance is 'panem et circenses'.Keep the masses content with food and entertainment.
Stop putting 'liberals' with people who are communist! The two are NOT the same thing. It must be galling that not all of us are drinking the HarperCon Kool-Aid!
Hilary is praying that he is victorious
If you admit to little knowledge - what is stopping you from learning ?
The Liberal Party's plan to impose their view of electoral reform without a national plebiscite is nothing less than a planned coup d'etat.
Like Redford - they don't listen.
Why? She speaks the truth.
Very well said.
Dropping a writ is the easy part, Chris. Selling it to the voters is what's harder.
No one believes Harper was ignorant to this, he appears to have condoned Duffy's Lobbying for Conservative votes on the taxpayer's time, and there is little doubt he backed the90000 get out of jail free card.
Unfortunately there is strong medical evidence that a stay in ER is no way equivalent to the care received in a proper ward and measurably poorer outcomes are the result.
Steve. Giambrone ??? He dropped out almost a year before the 2010 election took place.
Quite right.
Male sexuality is not being criminalized. Just a little bit of hyperbole there.....
This issue is motivated by ensuring equality. If the Catholic Establishment agrees with bigotry, then the shoe fits.
I liked how I read it termed
canadians please standby attack ads will be in full force during tonights hockey games, do not despair action plan ads will also be broadcast.
Bite Right: It is a terrible Editorial. They completely bungled the story. Transposed the positions of France and Germany. I wonder if the Editors read some Financial papers such as the FT.
No such thing as common good, we all are in competition with each other for government money, resources, etc.
here's a good book for you to read: https://www.theguardian.com/books/2016/may/26/most-orwellian-winner-yet-the-invention-of-russia-takes-orwell-prize?CMP=share_btn_tw
I agree with Voltaire. I do not agree with what the bigots say, but I will defend to the death their right to say it. This applies to your hypothetical racists just as much as it does to homophobes, or heterophobes for that matter.
everything in your post is common knowledgeso why post it?
By "interesting" I was referring to the article not my iron-arteried Gramma! But thanks for your comments.
Canadians should have the right to recall any government where it is deemed necessary... as has been the case with Wynne for far too long. Impeach, overthrow, call it what you like, but it is very necessary to achieve accountability.
Sick days is a red herring. No one gets unlimited sick days. Most municipalities stopped paying out for sick days in the 80s and in the past few years more municipalities are cutting annual sick days in half and capping how many you can bank.
You make no sense at all. Koch's bad (agreed).Trudeau can't beat them. So what do you want to do, genius?
The Liberal elite ... do as I say not as I do and I know what is best for you.
Why is JT touting :tax the rich with Martin at his side? A one term pm disgraced with a 50mill add scam and offshore tax evasion. One could only conclude he isn't ready!
When they deal with Justin they confuse 'interview' with 'fe11ate'.
Trump is fat enough that he shouldn't be eating anything, let alone Clinton's lunch.
BEFORE the debate you decided Clinton won and then you rationalized and wrote that she won, while making no rational case that is fine nothing to be ashamed about, we call it partisanship, that is all, neither sin or a crime
OK Geo - In my world it is possible to be against both drunk driving and MADD. Just like in your world it is OK to defend Rob Ford and totally disregard what he says.
Good thing ol' Chretch had some intestinal fortitude when it came to Bush's "coalition of the willing" stance'. Where would we be if this intervention had occurred in 2006-7...eh?
Ark, a question if you know the answer. Is there anything that would stop Canada from shipping the bitumen by rail to just south of the border, wherever the keystone would be starting in the states, then loading it into the pipeline?
Where did you 'substantiate' that? And the US-sponsored coup started all this.
And yet another article on this subject in which the author neglects any mention whatsoever of parental responsibility...
Conflict and myopia.
The only thing that is 'phony' is Wente's desire to inform.
Of course, these were the debates with Sanders, not Trump. It's Sanders who should feel aggrieved.
Means nothing. A majority of 1000 people could be rounded up who believe U.F.O.s are inhabited by aliens.
All the technology in the world is meaningless without quality content.
Let's get rid of time outs - it's psychological torture. Also, verbal discipline is equivalent to verbal abuse, let's stop that too.
Junction, I was using irony (well, not the last sentence). Sorry it wasn't more obvious but no emoji for it.
Do you ever get the unsettling impression that there?s a junior varsity team in the White House? ----------------------------------------------- Memo to shiny pony: don't ever get photographed with a basketball.
One year for colonoscopy? Try 4 years in Kelowna. Is anyone doing anything about it? No
Liberals only like data that backs up their own bias. The rest is discarded.
That course is as usful as Womens Studies. If this is what is taught in university then no wonder the only job many university graduates can get is flipping burgers.
'Never' is a dangerous word to apply to commodity price forecasting. A much safer word is 'unlikely'.
so did Rightontheleft.
Well, at least Trump hasn't gone to any satanic dinner parties ?
got any proof? a link? anything to back your claims? p.s. there are different fields of science. you name a couple of them.
French-Canadians are.
wysiwyg....did you bother to read my post before "rebutting" me? Your response has nothing to do with what I said.
Mulcair has brains, he has integrity- That is a laugh. He is an opportunist. That is all.
We'll likely come to regret that.
55% of births in Sweden are to unmarried mothers, yet the consequences are much more severe in the United States, both economic and stigmatic. Why is this? Perhaps it has to do with Sweden being among the least religious countries in the world.
OMG, the pearl clutching. Please someone, help the Globe editorial board to the fainting couch.
"I have never seen the media work so hard to drag this tired hag across the finish line." Your signature line. Cut and paste commentary. If I keep pointing that out am I trolling a troll?
Better than Hitlery who will lead us to WW3 with Russia.
Forget it--it would be easier to get a truther to admit that Obama was born in America.
Now there is an 'example' ...
Poor Hamas will have to stop shooting rockets into Israel, and also stop all other acts of terrorism against Israel
this online free Ivy League education that Konrad and Wente and others keep going on about it a cromplete crock. Do you really think you can get an Ivy League education by listening into to a few webcasts?
Difficult to respect your comments when you cannot even spell the word Principal correctly.
He likes to travel. It's a few days out of the office. They have nice golf courses.
Disgusting is disgusting, and this happened in Great Britain, not Thailand. This is more about the authorities doing nothing and perhaps the fact that all fundamentalists are an inherent danger to everyone.
KgT, say something substantive.
Why so much animosity from all sides towards the writer?
Mr. Manning seems to be forgetting that the NDP campaigned on increased taxes and spending on public services and were still elected to a majority government.
?Never Again? is what 70% of the voting public is saying to another Reform/Conservative government. The ten years of destructive arrogance by an out of touch mean-spirited government was enough for all but Harper?s hard-core following.
very well said.
If businessmen did their taxes like Government funded climatologists did their temperature calculations they'd be in jail by May 30th. They are padding them people !
Where are your test results publicly posted? That's what you advocated for journalists.
Well you're wrong if you've seen any pictures from Yemen. See teh Armoured Jeeps son
You're being unfair to Neanderthals. Recent research indicates they were probably culturally developed and in fact that many Europeans still carry their genetic markers (e.g. we interbred).
Moon Howler, paid for you by the tax payers of Canada, without their consent! Totalitarian?..you bet!
There are many jobs that I would prefer that my daughter not take. I wouldn't want her to be a prostitute; I would also not want her to be a cop; both are sleazy.
Pause Button I said THE OIL industry makes up 4% of GDP. mining, quarrying make up the other 4% of GDP .
Will you ever get over your mistaken and foolish idea that the country is supposed to be open to everyone in the world to just 'come on down'?
I don't think it was a coincidence that the Liberals decided to legalize anal sex yesterday.
Sad but true.
IdeologyIsForLosers is a loser with an anti-intellectual bias against Albertans, which is his ideology.
I'm stunned at some of the xenophobic and misinformed comments on this editorial. They sound like Germany circa 1930.
Are you saying this is your space? And which particular group do you belong to that allows you to claim it?
Sounds like some projection going on there Quibly.
Other taxpayers do not contribute as per your analogy, you don't make sense.
He's advising Junior, that's left enough for most.
The exclusion of 'outsiders' and emphasis on 'purity of the race' is very much a RIGHT wing trend. Just ask Hitler.
When I get a hardcopy for free, because I see her as a capitalist brand (logo).
Typically, PR systems have a threshold of 5%. In an MMP version of PR, where about half the seats are first-past-the-post, any party can win seats (or independents, for that matter).
Fair enough, but I bet the Saudis are worried about the loss of Sunni presence in Syria as rebels are attacked and Sunnis flee, and the rising influence of Iran.
The others are not the problem.....
Oh but Bill & Hillary are among the educated elite that Margaret worships.
Even if it is as black and white as you describe which it isn't. Shades of grey I'd say. But the Russians have not started this. This is clearly the work of USA and the vassals.
Humans haven't evolved over the last 10,000 years plus--- raise a child of 10,000 years ago one could have a high tech genius--- take a child of today back 10,000 years ago, they would be driving buffalo over cliffs.
Ezra Levant? You're kidding!
@EverybodyGetsOne, Yes, I do understand that. To be clear: I have no objection to removing taxes from tampons if other essential hygiene products are similarly de-taxed.
Vic Toews and the babysitter
MacKay takes a helicopter.
Very good point. As I said, Putin would regard a US invasion (military not economic) the same way Obama would regard an invasion of Canada. He would be forced to attack with everything he has.
Fulfil is English, fulfill is American.
You're absolutely right, he has gone on way more trips and taken a lot more pictures of himself than Harper ever did. Besides that? Nothing really.
We should reach out to Quebec with prayers not open anger and bigotry which is what they want so they can continue there insane quest to separate from Canada.
Following the Great Plague with its depopulation there was reduced agricultural activity and increased reforestation which consumed CO2 and a cooling , a mini ice age, where glaciers increased in size destroying Swiss farms, froze the Thames...
The massive transfer of wealth happening today is mainly caused by regressive taxes. ==============================================No, the massive transfer of wealth is due to low interest rates.
Steven, do you put your money where your mouth is? Do you live without using carbon-based energy? If so, then tell us how you accomplish it, so we can emulate you. Otherwise, please spare us your sanctimonious hypocrisy.
The Niqab/burka is NOT religious garb - it is a symbol of women's oppression created by the extreme sects. Wake up women - show your face, you live in Canada now!
Very well said, but expect to receive plenty of cheap shots because you dared to mention that 'the Emperor has no clothes on' and misguided, anti-American, inforiority-comples ridden, self-loathing lib-leftists hate that.
Really a spot-on analysis worthy of a front page editorial.
Because its election season.
It would kill them to acknowledge what the CBC does that no other broadcaster can do, or cares to do. Nothing is more Canadian, or draws Canadians together, than the CBC.
While I'm sure I would take a personal dislike to Jason Kenney, it must be said that he is a heck of a lot more intelligent than Rob Ford.
We might have the Atlantic, but we might lack political will to keep control over illegals entering our nation.
reply to your latest comment--I absolutely disagree that CBC news is not essential. it's the only informed and trustworthy news outlet we have. I would like to see much more, and much more in-depth coverage from CBC.
What about Israeli Arabs who might prefer to remain Israelis? ----WISE DECISION
You don't have to be on my side, I was just presenting my opinion and the reasons for my opinion in regards to the IoT innovation lab video.
Real life and TV should not be confused. Most people, not just the police, would probably look at you like you were stupid too.
Fine piece of work Jeffrey. Now if you can meet with the G&M Editorial Board and get at least one media outlet to take a sensible stand you will have done a huge public service.
Absolutely correct - my bad. However one can say pretty much the same things about some of the other states that are in TPP.
Anytime the courts can disappoint our angry leader, it makes many of us very happy.
Cricky ...It only took months to figure your nom de plume. Good one. Oh yeah ...I like Gazebo math too.
The destruction and terror of ISIS will dwarf all of the supposed advantages listed by the author. Like the scourges of Fascism and Communism, this new entity will cause massive death, destruction, and misery.
As a conservative supporter to me this is the most troublesome aspect of this deeply flawed bill. I have to admit that I do not know how the central poll supervisors are appointed presently. Assuming by Elections Canada but what are the criteria?
You ask a perfectly valid question and get lots of thumbs down. I agree with your question, I will never vote dipper or liberal, so my only choice is vote CPC or not vote.
First time that I have ever heard of an OPP commissioner being referred to as a left winger.
Busy. He's busy busy busy. So is she. Really, really busy. Oh so busy. So so busy. They need our help. They deserve our help. My God he is so busy. There. I've condensed this article for you.
How about that $15 dollar orange juice paid for by taxpayers, courtesy of the Conservatives?
And it is a war that must be fought and won. Because they are not going to stop
By the way. It looks like we have a few terrorist sympathizers on this blog today . They seem to gather here.
@George 'the door is a jar'*.....* ajarDebates are wind, the record speaks for itself. The emperor has no clothes. That, George, is reality.
It's a well known torture tactic.
Yakabuski's stats are very narrowly selective in a very fiscally conservative way. They are meant for Conservative supporters and seem calculated to bore the rest of us away from the polling booth.
Government is the ProblemLegal power to use violence? The UN?Kidding, right? .
striking and strike threats for the past decade :o ------- why does anyone with a top salary of over $90,000 have to strike? the Working poor with no unions just cannot understand to them $90,000 is Paradise and yet they strike
Reading some of these comments I would advise women to neither marry nor have children: let others worry about the population problem.
You can't pin everything on Harper. Blame Quebec if you blame anyone. Give me a break
The EU meddles in everything including the shape of bananas, and the size of cucumbers and condoms and how much cinnmon can be added to baked goods. I kid you not! What a sclerotic all encompassing bureaucracy that grows ever larger
but he knew how to steal the EI Fund... but alas... never did balance the budget...
As an economist mr Harper must agree that a carbon tax is desirable. Submit that the problem is not him but us. And voters in the United States. We will not vote for a carbon tax.
Not legal or potentially legal either.
The easiest drug to swallow is self-delusion. It's comforting and doesn't force one to face one's own inadequacies and incompetence.
The Gulf States have no need to import Islamic sharia dictatorship. They all ready have it. They are in the business of exporting it to the West.
Well this might not be that well written but as a life-long Vancouverite I think he's spot on. It also speaks to the thin-skinned nature of our city that so many are so offended.'But, but, we're so world-class!' Lol.
> Ford on crack is a better mayor than Miller straight. I prefer Rob Ford drunk to Olivia Chow sober. The man lies to your face like you're a punk. He uses your support and loyalty like a hand towel, and you applaud. This, folks, is Ford Nation.
Utter nonsense. If we paid them an annuity they'd fritter it away and be back for more.
Let me guess, are you a "white English heterosexual Christian male."?
Hmmmm. How about Dalton Mcguinty fleeing to Harvard in the midst of the gas plant scandal.
@M Hughs You do what for free, troll for terrorists. How interesting.
No, they prefer to be frogs simmering on the stove, waiting for the bond gnomes to appear.
Yeah but not Catholic.....Evangelical....and I assure you far more scary folks...
You would give able-bodied adult men the spot that should be reserved for children? Get in line. This is a crisis situation, not a chance to spew your rhetoric.
Llucas, You do understand it was your money, too, that was being stolen? Or, do you not understand that?
the problem is not in wearing the clothing in itself but in sending the message I am modest and by logical conclusion, you are not
Far kinder than I would put it but Hear Hear!
Stupid is as stupid does. Simple.
the media never leads, it follows
"have no qualms in invading countries." I can't recall the countries that the Democrats have "invaded", please refresh my memory?
so should moderate Jews leave Canada now ?
Hey Stud, the 1960's called, they want their dog-whistle politics back. Clownshoes.
Another square peg in a round hole for 'religion' .
If those Canadians are declaring those accounts then there probably is no problem. The suspicion is that some people are using the offshore accounts to avoid taxes altogether.
I'm not so sure. This must be article 10 I've read in a day and a half supporting Israel's position. The real question for western taxpayers is who cares about the Middle East and why the big sell?
They said that about Rob Ford - and we all know how that ended. Trump and Ford attract exactly the same type of people.
Shuswap82 is correct. Left wingers don't watch the discovery channel and can't deal with science that isn't a talking point.
Sweden recieved 7.000 Jewish refugees in 1943 in boats from Copenhagen to Malmo, and now the Syrian refugees are being heped across the same water to Sweden.
And we should care.....why?
Was Malala Yousafzai registered for the course. Funding to York should be stopped asap. They can continue on their own dime.
That whole bunch have moved on from Queen, s Park to Ottawa, they have to work on dwindling down a surplus instead of fiscal restraint.
We don't vote for ethical politicians ......
It appears senators anywhere are scum.
JUSTIN and "progressives" do not like calling people "barbarians"
Must be pretty old by now...
We need stealth snowmobiles because right now our snowmobiles are susceptible to anti-snowmobile missiles.
Semantics. She meddled in the affairs of an elected leader. Unprecedented in Canadian history.
A private sector worker who punched a customer in the face would be terminated, with cause, immediately.
Both sides do that
I did and I came to the same conclusion as NewsReader.
Damn! I knew I should have been born a giraffe.
Just what Canada needs. More ivory tower intellectuals who are completely divorced from reality engaging in social engineering programs.
How about Trump who is mentally deranged
...in another trite article, criticism is lack of charm and warmth it seems. Thanks goodness for the Standard left-wing Boilerplates, whatever that means... and yes, I'll also take a 'Social Worker Commander-in-Chief'.
You can say that again.
God didn't invent Google.
'Canadians' . . . meaning 'I, Buford.'
He was wrong. They will hate you anyway.
Ban political Parties. They are the root of the problem and always have been. Our MP's should represent their constituents who sent them. NOT some Party Leader who whips them into submission or bullies those who would do the right thing.
You left outPacking the federal courts with right wing religious right judges
You perhaps have more faith in the people's expertise and skill levels currently in charge of 'Central Planning' than I might....
If it seems odd, that's because the SCC didn't say it. Professor Cossman was wrong on that point. See R v J.A. [2011, SCC]
Yes! By all means let's not give harper another veni, vidi, vincit moment. And yes! By all means let's stop lynton Crosby from putting another election into his tucker bag as he goes waltzing back to Oz.
Well said and like having a drivers license is a privilege and if you break the law that privilege can be taken away.
Given your criticism of Harper and his running of deficits, I assume you would be just as critical of the deficits and mis-management of the Ontario economy by the Liberals over the past 9 years?
Wynne can follow in the tradition of her predessor, promise the world, have an election and then cave in to the teachers and other civil servants!
And where would you get this non-garbage, especially in a prairie winter?
Correct, I have Harper to thank for the new boat and you to thank for all the laughs. Thanks!
And now Harper looks like a deer caught in the headlights.
Sure. Let's just hide and let innnocent people die and be beheaded. Not our problem...
The problem is, no country has a clean track record. If no one but saints are allowed to stand up to thugs, you've pretty much handed the world over to the thugs.
Wrong Misek... again.
bigred, you keep complaining about the Holocaust memorial. Reason for that?
'.....Do we have, as his former adviser Tom Flanagan maintains, a predator as prime minister?....'**************************************We have a psychopath as prime minister.
Minority rules show me one that is as odious as those sent by the conservatives. They can send me stuff saying what they have accomplished at the local level, but the attack part.... sorry only seen those in the conservative ranks
By that logic all female players should be forced to shave their long hair
If someone handed me a contract I'd do the same thing. You saying you wouldn't?
Don't you right wing nut bars hate 'the elite'? Well private money hedge funds are as elite as it gets.
Time will tell. Keep us up to date on the workings in The Empire.
The 80% of people who supported this bill have no idea what is in it.----------------the 20% who do not support the bill have no idea what is in it
Sure Canadians were asked, except when the bigots on the SCOC interfered with the immigration laws to accept more refugees.
Probably too busy to listen to neo-commies telling them how bad their lives are. They can also remember something called the Soviet Union and the quality of life it brought those follish enough to buy into Marxist doctrine.
Latin America and Mexico are plagued with drug gangs and violence, the only way to get rid of the problem is legalize cocaine and ever heroin. Until the drug mafia is put out of business we might as well put a fence up on the Mexican boarder.
Well maybe you can support the fiscally responsible NDP - or maybe the Greens?
Harper's boys disapprove of "committing sociology"."
Kristen you have not learned your lesson . Harper beat you . And will again . What is the Liberal policy again ? I could care less about a Socially progressive policy . 6 more years , 6 more years, 6 more years.
As conveyed in popular culture, there is no country more in love with apocalyptic visions than the US. They will elect Trump and get the downfall apocalypse they so unconsciously desire.
'Peacekeeping'--the least risky, and cheapest way to buy reputation. When the peacebreakers go on the rampage, send protest letters, run away from the area, write a book later and get a senate post.
Kid in Short pants? Can't you Conservatives ever come with something on your own. Apparently original thought is contrary to your ideology, but I guess the word conservative implies that. Repeating someone else's history.
You really should take a trip to Europe if you believe that. I find the food in the EU cheaper than here. You'll need to take off your tin foil hat before they let you pass security at the airport.
This article is about women (at least as the focus).
Gotta watch: the hive may sting you to death, even it you didn't do it. It was out there hiving in the last few days in Boston, wrongly ' ID' ing several individuals.
you are certifiably a nut job with that comment.
Just another cult. Some violent some not. Some cults receive wide spread support in our society. Numerous Islamic extremists groups are also anti vaccinations. Two cults in one.
And... another non-denial denial. Man you guys are good at not denying something.
The British case was an example of this being used for political repression. A third of an article of this length to provide this as historical context is pretty much the minimum needed length.
Like, maybe, because governments can pay that off over generations, and so these are not liabilities that are relevant to the current generation? ...Government of the UK is still paying off war debt from the Seven Years' War, last I looked....
Endless comparisons of everything from how much happier Canadians are, to even how you grieve better than Americans for lost love ones.
As irrational as this sounds, I really can't stand to look at his face. I put my cup of tea over a picture of him in my morning newspaper while I read the article. If he comes on tv, I switch the channel.
Great, just what we need - another way to show young boys that school isn't really their thing.
It would appear among many problems we have a leadership hole at the provincial level.
'Yes, there really is an English national character, and most of us have some idea what it is.'Hanging on in quiet desperation is the English way.
So speaking a foreign language while flying is now to be considered as a bomb threat?
Yep, and the are bred to not give up, even if they die in the process.
I agree. They aren't 'progressive' at all. It's a term they invented to act as a backhanded insult to those who disagree with them.
You are correct. However, most of us in North America have to eat in the backward way you describe. The system we have developed dictates this unfortunate, damaging approach.
I guess we'll see
She's already been identified by Immigration Canada through the immigration process and has been approved. Her identity is not in question here.
Precisely !
Ten years ago you would've agreed with nonsense, and now you speak it. Well done.
Your insistence that you not pay any taxes to Canada is not only Conservative policy, it's a national folly.
Seth: Overrun risk = none. How can you be so confident when there is no history of that occurring in Ontario.
I don't think the ordinary female soldier thinks this way....just the FemiNazis who would never fight on the front lines with those horrible beasts... men.
Thank you. When one reads these posts it's easy to conclude that Canada is full of right-wing indoctrinated idiots. When you rank these posts by votes you get a different story. Whew.
as if any Liberal promise is worth the paper it's written on...15% auto insurance reduction....yeah and I have some swamp land in Florida too.
Safe harbours for terrorists!
No doubt the B.C. government will give its marching orders from the Globe's Toronto editorial board all the consideration they deserve.
The G&M has been going downhill for a long time. Maybe it has something to do with it being cheaper to write 'opinion' articles rather than spend money on expensive reporters.
There is nothing slippery about it, it's about time that this has come to light and going the right way, enough with the moral garbage, if ones feels it's immoral then suffer to the end but don't tell me that I should not have the right to choose.
'Pffffft' goes the beverage....'All Ukrainians of fighting age will leave [...]' and we'll be left with just the Russians. This, you think is plausible?
Let's be fair. All representatives of any organized religion in Canada should provide verifiable proof of the existence of their particular deity before any certification or tax break is allowed.
Of course gluttons are always happy with life
Look at what objectively? We don't have any details.
No truthful friend, but then folks like you have always had a problem with the truth.
David-G2-regardless, it's the government that set the rules. There's no way the IESO would want anything to do with pain in the neck solar and wind if it was up to them.
Russians invaded Ukraine and the Put-in neo-fascist regime in Moscow is guilty of war crimes.
More poor logic demonstrated here.
I guess the Liberals in Tony Clements' riding must have been ecstatic when the new gazebos started appearing, right?
Be responsible...: Ad hominem attacks are the speciality of neither the left nor the right. People from both indulge in them. Just read through the comments.
w kingIf you cannot comprehend international law, why not just start thinking about basic human respect for other human beings?
Konrad, your incoherent ramblings continue unabated I see.
The first step on a long road to restoring democratic institutions and responsible government based on the rule of law and respect for the governed comes on October 19th. Carthago delenda est!
Same reason why democracy isn't working out too well in the West.
Mind boggling how Tony Keller et al turned a blind eye to the Cons who signed the deal and now jump all over the Libs. Why are these guys still editors of the so-called national newspaper. A disgrace. Cancel your subscriptions people.
and the uber drivers are driving without insurance,,,
Considering mr harper has amasters degree in economics he is well educated as compared to our part time grade 2 drama teacher ,/snowboard instructor.
There will always be people who live in ivory towers, with moronic pedestals to preach from. Lucky for us, they are rarely accountable to make dreamscape initiatives work. Please stay on campus and don't stop taking the lithium.
Worth a listen. Interview with close Putin advisor Sergei Glaziev. The war in the Ukraine and the global struggle for the future of the planet. English captionshttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cikvqdMRTTA#t=279
Evidently even women voted against this 'nasty woman,' en masse.
And in Canada people don't care about friends, family or anyone else. It is all about me,me,me. That's why they dump their spouses as sooon as they get bored, and need some fresh meat. Any more cliches required?
What did Harper have to do with this?
That is what the 'equal' E in the 'EEE' means, right?
I'm not so sure the U.S. could survive a Donald Trump. He's headstrong, very impulsive and seemingly immune from advice from anyone. If he orders the military to attack Iran then all bets are off as far as the survival of our civilization goes.
Where do you see this online munk debate poll?
, By the way, is this moon howler post a new G&M thumbs down record???? Or does Bodaydohead still own that? Bodaydohead/moonhowler ..... one in the same anyway ..... that being, braindead..
Ok so we are going to tax my generation (millenials) even MORE and depress our standard of living even MORE to pay for the richest generation ever to retire comfortably. I have only one question: Who is John Galt?
classic. bring the plight of desperate refugees into the discussion of Alberta's economic failings..
And that's how it works !
And therefore Putin gets to steal Crimea.
Are you serious? We are not talking about their salary. It's their moving expense! Then again, if you don't pay into tax pool, you wouldn't be so upset. Try working for a living for a change. Then you will know how the rest of us feel about this.
"I guess the brutally high suicide rate of the transgendered students" Evidence? And, correlation is not causation.
Yep, it can become one of the already many broken election promises that Dear Leader has made.
It's like looking in through the dark, dirty and frightening windows of an asylum.
Your posting is classic assumption and a better understanding of a dictionary than the English language. You contradict the thing you wish to defend.
Anything is possible once a demagogue has control over his insane followers, but I hope we are both wrong
Okay but drop the e at the end of Theador. Signed Jurgen Habermas.
Question is - would he have listened ?
The Energy East pipeline is already in place, whats your argument there?
Keep tilting at windmills Don, and give my best to your sidekick Sancho.
Read the column again. Apparently you have a reading comprehension problem.
'a cheap supply of protein that could help reduce hunger around the world'We can take care of that issue now without the schmeat. But we have not found success.
I doubt that's true, but even if it is, why are you uncomfortable when there aren't enough white people around?
If they were black or brown, they'd be dead in minutes..............
hey Chuck Norris, you know squat. Put down your cross and pick up a book or two about what war is really like.
CitizenBob, they do need a leader badly
Even Jimmy Carter, the most military-averse president until Mr. Obama, thinks his successor dropped the ball
Bernie should accept Jill Stein's offer. http://www.democracynow.org/2016/6/9/jill_stein_to_bernie_sanders_run That combination would be dynamic.
Well it seems that Gardner is simply exercising the notion of 'Click-bait' .. A little term used these days to replace the word 'sensationalistic' ..// ..
With apologies to Groucho Marx.
Yes April, they're all the same.
It was a one day story because you stopped talking about it. Newspapers can publish whatever you want. You and your publishers chose to ignore this 100 billion dollar scam, not the rest of us.
Rochdale68:'Never have we seen such a bias media work so hard to drag a tired hag across the finish line'-In the effort to elect Hillary Clinton, no one has campaigned more tirelessly than Donald J. Trump. She owes him everything.
david, difference is i know how to capitalize but choose not to
Canoutchie, I confess that Magnolia is not my real name. Is Canoutchie yours?
Bananas in Ottawa.
If Muslim women don't want to adopt Canadian norms, why do they even bother coming here? ------------progressive leftists say they don't have to adapt
Yeah, really!
Disrespect... publicly? On camera? In this age of overwhelming political correctness? And you are the only poster who has mentioned this? Yikes!
says who ?
You gotta admit - Trudeau's remarks hit a sore point with the gushing fanboys of the CPC. After all, the constantly over-compensating Harper obviously suffers from small dick syndrome yet he's the big man of the party.
Canada's autos generate twice as much carbon as the oilsands - let's get rid of Canada's auto sector. This works for Westerners...
you didn't mention those idiots who must talk on their cell phones especially those of a particular sex who cannot talk in a low voice on a cell.
Indeed Terry, and the expectation of action is fully demonstrated by utilizing a PMO Lawyer to draft a binding CONTRACT... Arthur Hamilton is my primary suspect in this Corruption...
My opinion of Harper's leadership has gone down; didn't think that was possible, but it has. He did okay in the HOC reaching out to the other leaders; apart from that......F-.
At least The Hip is relevant
"They turned them into deficits." And according the JT and his supporters that was EXACTLY the right thing to do
I can't believe this absolute nonsense from this newspaper.
Two words... Strategic VotingThe 'Anything but Harper' campaign knew that Canadians default to the Liberals, even in ridings where there was no chance of the Conservative getting in.
And Putin can claim to be sending the bullets that are killing them.
Unfortunately for both of us, Mr. Trudeau, the polls on the issue indicate that Quebecers, and other Canadians, seem to view this discriminatory and foolish proposal in a favorable light.
No thank you to Americans moving here.
In some cases, in the short term, yes. Oilsands bitumen is simply too carbon-intensive given the GHG reductions we must meet. Of course, importing oil, too, is a stop-gap only until we build up our sustainable energy infrastructure.
Little lord fauntleroy doesn't have fancy pants? I was just guessing that's what his taxpayer funded hairdresser and primper puts him in.
...because 'your' CBC is Toronto-Centric, get it, oui ???
You are so right. These same people complain about how their tax dollars are spent
War surgical and more humane ? I guess in these days of political correctness we don't count collateral damage ...
What is your point relative to the MMR vaccine?
I have read the G&M's investigation but it was very unclear how many of the suicides involved combat veterans. Given that the number of suicides is so high, there is obviously a need to estabish the cause more clearly.
Yes it is great to hear of successful native endeavors. - But the ' guilded cage ' mentality is rampant and severely detrimental to their progress.
Elizabeth and Tabatha are the best columnists.
Do you have this comment saved on Word so you can paste it into every thread? One Word: CREATIVITY!
Stay on topic! Stay on topic!
And your favorite is someone from the Star?
The same lessons on the failure of socialism discovered by yet another generation.
Jimbo, The folks at CBC's iconic TV satire show, 'Air Farce Live', were not fooled. They always portrayed him as an unfeeling, inhuman automaton bent on power.
Your talking about solutions whereas the study is to find out if we even have the will to ask these questionsStep 1 is admitting a problem, step 2 is fixing it. sounds like maybe wer'e ready for step 2 now.
Unfortunately the fair is way too high
correction... Tea Party...
Good idea. Then he can go to North Korea.
The Donald and all like him play to an uneducated & brain dead voter base who don't have the intellectual capability to know what is good for them.
And what does the G&M think of you - not requiring your name on comment?
That's all we need - another conservative heavyweight in the Senate.
For example ...
You didn't even read them, did you?
Not sure if JT is quite ready for that.
You didn't know hthat the Swiss elect their governments by proportional voting?
@Paul45, I imagine that if you need to see an oncologist, you only accept advice from one who actually had cancer?
Cure? No.Treatment? YES.
Agreed. Doesn't really matter what the name of the team that the Jays lose to is
They are people of significance. If that offends your delicate sensibilities, stop reading.
Compare to British police officers dealing with mentally ill people. Canadian policing is certainly far below that standard.
Some grammar lessons would help.
An article by diplomats.
Opposition to renewable energy projects is indeed a growing concern. Cannot have it both ways.
What is the point? Chinese also do FON in US water. www. cnn.com/2015/09/04/politics/china-ships-alaska-us-waters/ It has no impact on claims.
Fake energy for a fake economy. Is what it amounts to.
Dunny How do you know they existed if they were moderated?
Why the heck would Cameron need to resign? His comments are very popular in the UK.Trump hating Cameron is GOOD for Cameron not the other way around. He will win votes as a result not lose them.
You cannot crush a country with taxes if they don't pay any to start with ...
The word for this is kleptocacy.....
go away old guy, all your forecasts have been disproven. She is a crook, and a phoney.
As a new day dawns on Canada... the Liberal Red Bull tsunami will flood the country and give Justin ^^^wings^^^ over 24 Sussex Dr. .... Way to go Justin, udaman !!!!!
Very well said. This government is like the low budget TV channel playing the same old reruns. Lots of people have tuned out and switched channels.
www. professionalmariner.com/Web-Bulletin-2013/Barges-strikes-other-barges-transferring-fuel-oil-spills-into-Mississippi-River/There you go...
Doug is top on list for 'Cuck of the Week,'https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1kfSwNFLh0w
Another academic who hasn't got a bloody clue. Another academic trying to create some kind of job opportunity for those who graduate from university with a useless degree who has to find SOME institution that will pay for their useless education.
Wade22 The Liberals are not left wing - too many corporate ties to Bay Street. ----- and yet shameless Mulcair keeps grovelling and begging Justin to join him in a Coalition anything to gain power even if he has to beg Justin political opportunism
But it must be obvious to all .... Hillary is crooked and sickened .... but she is a woman and should be the first female POTUS because she is a ... woman .....?
A lot of people seem to just assume that the Parliament has the same jurisdiction as the U.S. Congress.
If only the thumbs-downers could have the same faith in other members of their species.
Uh... how does labor mobility between Canada and the USA relate to the UK/EU, again?
You will be proven correct in the next year. Ignore Eliza, she is devoid of debating skills :-)
The author's final words on the subject, 'and remind us who animals really are,' express very nicely a more sensitive and very ably defended sensibility.
I do believe Putin knows when to stop. He is not a Stalin or Kruschev ...
instability in Argentina -- who knew??
Don't confuse Ontarians with "math" .......
Then we, Canadians, should prevent them from doing so
and if that happens then... the world can say nothing but "Toronto are stupid..."
hey he wants to take credit when things look good then he has to accept it when things go bad.
Some states have no redeeming qualities.
The west and particularly the usa are not fixated on democracy....they like to spout that they are but it could not be further from the truth.....
Lots of Liberal Party Jewish voters.
'What pisses me off about Cecil the lion'https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rNj4KLG7CuM
The price of laughing at something not funny is to lose your job?
Not officially, but some of its policies live loud and proud.
The Canada goose mates for life - an increasingly rare phenom of the species for whom grass = conspicuous consumption (Veblen).
you are a fool
These words are per vatim " per capita" that Harper uses. We all know that this is bald face LIE!
skitty, we are talking about satire. The right to expose through humour. There is much that is wrong with institutionalized religion that needs to be repeatedly exposed. Only through criticism can an institution feel compelled to reform.
Of course Trudeau was wrong to charge for public speaking.
The Nanos 1200 is trying to split the vote between the Liberals and Conservatives, thereby ensuring that tag teamsideology of putting Canada's middle class under the corporate thumb will continue.
Great article!
Spoken just like the frog in warming water who boils to death before realizing what's happening around him.
'What the hell is an e-bike?'It's what convicted drunk drivers buy so they can still get around while their licence is suspended.
I'd take Trump over Junior and his band humanity's 101 graduates! Listening to them recite the same politicly correct spin has become painful. It feels like stupid people talking down you because they are unable to think on their own!!
meh, only conspiracy theorists, black flag talking, bunker diggers use the term sheeple. Does that make you feel superior? the world is an increasingly dangerous place, you are a (very small) part of the problem.
It was a very good article until the last sentence, which I thought stupid.
Speaking as someone that has seen both the BC and Ontario education systems in action, your assertion of low standards is misplaced and misguided. I could make sweeping generalizations about Ontario too... but I won't stoop to that level.
her editor probably told her to write both sides of the story or something.
Not Canadian humans, anyway.
Irony know no bounds. Just scratch beneath the surface of the PMO-muzzled Reformists parading as conservatives, and you'll no doubt find plenty of racists and bigots.
Justin promised stimulus of $10 billion deficit and will deliver $30 billion what are the long term effects of "over stimulus"?
Hi Louis, I certainly agree with a and e; the other things you suggest I'd have to think about but that's the whole point: as a nation we should be having this conversation because it's long, long overdue.
Better birth control or better education about birth control?
Would be hard for Trudeau, since the original law was brought in by the Liberals in the 1990's.
The answer my friend isn't blowing in the wind. The answer is to be found in the Sociology 100 text book.
I'd like to thank the Globe and Mail for increasing the number of articles meant to bring out the 'I hate Harper' comments, Canadians can decide whether they believe Harper or the media is the greatest threat to democracy.
Maybe it should be paid only to Canadian Citizen and Permanent Residents that are factually residing in Canada, similar to the criteria we use to pay taxes. This will keep out the so called 'Canadians of Convenience'.
'Logically, this would lead to a conclusion that less religion would be beneficial, not more.'A 2004 UN survey found just that.
NO. There's such a thing as an oral history. Your statement is a fallacy.
Agree with spectator3: Unifor sounds almost like a corporation...
Accounts of the depressions and tantrums have been published by Harper's former confidantes, Bruce Carson and Tom Flanagan... both are Conservatives, not from the allegedly "liberal" media.
Harper's overtures to China may be helping him to get more contributions from Chinese-Canadians, but the government of China never has trusted Harper and never will.
Canadians are certainly more resourceful ... but what about the politicians who look for quick fixes?
Vivre Montreal libre!
'I would love, however, to see a public banking system.'The Province of Ontario Savings Office has been around since forever. If you live in Ontario, government banking has always been available.
Agreed. I'm a Marketing Professional and this simple idea of yours Jim hits all the right notes. I hope KetchupGate starts a new social media trend where Canadians defend our farmers and food processing industry.
So, MSMxxxa, why did you pick that particular record, instead of, say, Halifax? xhttp://www.psmsl.org/data/obtaining/stations/96.phpOr the bigger picture? xhttp://sealevel.colorado.edu/
Further encroachment of Harper's police state.
What's your point? You can't vote in this election, remember?
Most women under the age of 40 in the west have no direct experience with what you are describing - and most women in that age demographic are more advantaged than their male peers in terms of education.
Canada1... boy, do you have your head up someone's behind.
Maybe the point shouldn't be about getting a majority as it is to do what is right for the country and in line with what the majority wants most of the time.
Also, Ebola appears to be spread by brown people.
Time for a new friend.
An Inconvenient Truth.
Do we all get to vote for it in a referendum?
Just pathetic.
Alberta should deny BC gas (+ 1B scf per day) from entering the province. Our natural gas producers are experiencing serious financial distress because of the excess supply and large differentials - same arguement could be applied.
You are babbling.
Murray115Well said Murray, I agree. Have a great weekend.
Thank you Sheema. Your article was spot on.Keep up the good work.
Do some basic research from the House of Commons and Senate veteran affairs committees. You don't have a CLUE what you are talking about. Our vets are the best cared for in Canada's history.
Problem with too much colon gazing is that bad stuff happens when your eyes are off the ball. Extreme liberalism in Europe is a complete failure that only few diehards would deny.
I expect that they would. It's still probably a great deal for Saskatchewan and Alberta. Where do we sign.
It's all about males. We get it. You're more than just gay, you're a misogynist. Seek help.
What do we do about Christians already in this country who believe that Muslims, as a creed, are not worthy to be citizens (or worse)?
If sharia law comes with the clothing, then it's wrong.
Those polls are from Ontario and Quebec. Not from outside the country. Go outside the country to Paris or Germany or Mexico. Not a lot of people have good things to say about Canada since tru=doh became PM. Other than to say he is dreamy.
That's probably because it's your home.
social engineering by the state
Please, do yourself a favor and do some serious research before publicly embarrassing yourself. BTW, prior to prohibition, marijuana was legal almost EVERYWHERE.
Utter nonsense!
sneeky, disingenuous, underhanded are words that come to mind to discribe manning. he is a modern consevative.
Yes The, Brownshirt cowards and crooks who are willing to shout down the opposition and naysayers within their own party.
Very nicely done.
Heard the BC Lions football club is mulling a name change. The Hong Kong Dragons.
Choked on that line too; the one thing we know for sure that we didn't before is that Harper is a complete coward. Always suspected; now we know.
History Television only runs programs on Nostradamus and Ancient Aliens.
'Hopefully, it will also change the dynamics of the Middle East and, ultimately, loosen Israel and Saudi Arabia's stranglehold on the US Congress'The best Congress foreign money can buy. DOn't hold your breath....
Another one who misses the actual points being discussed....
Lesson should be learned by now that Facebook is and never was private.
the Globe is correct Vote CON but not Harper this resonates with those who think Vote LIB but not Justin Vote NDP but not Mulcair Many feel that way
Christianity at least is based on "turn the other cheek".
Tell your daughter not to be like Hillary Clinton. She is not a roll model for young girls.
Is this the same Bob Hawke who told his wife of many long years to take a hike or who, in an effort to win voter support, balled his eyes out on TV. Hawke was neither courageous nor principled.
It was disappointing to see that young Muslims are more religious than their parents. ------------Justin needs to find the Root Cause of this
Denis wears his tinfoil too tight.
Do not underestimate the desire of people in the suburbs to get somebody who listens to them. Not saying Ford did, but there is a reason why Joey Pantalone did very badly outside the downtown core.
Hand In There, My father's armoured car regiment was XII Manitoba Dragoons. Part of the liberation of Holland.
Yes believe what you want. The truth is that believing true that which has been demonstrated false is delusion. The charter protects delusion.
Gee, that was convincing Airfarce. No lies or insults in your post, no sir!
Simpson is a laughable old fossilized Liberal. Leftists tend to follow each other over the cliff like lemming.
Brexit was won by the people who were told so often by Britain's elite educators, politicians and media. to shut the f() k up and to keep their stupid opinions to themselves because they are just a bunch of GD racists and idiots.
Monkey, go get a real job!
The bottom line is that none of this discussion is moving us closer to a world where race and gender are less divisive and, frankly, just don't mattter any more. Quite the opposite. Hyperbole on all sides is moving us back to a more divisive time.
The sooner government taxes TV out of existence, the better off our lives will be. Bring it on, I say.
Any excuse for an LGBT troll, eh?
Crystal clear analysis.
ol: mr harper counts on it.
Canada has had a violent history and a public record of racism against blacks. Having said that, it's certainly a lot better now than in the past.
It's nice when a poster's punctuation mirrors the quality of their thoughts.
Jetson If the US is retaliated against again I suggest you ask some small country to take over. Based on your record to date, anybody would have a better chance of winning than the US.
So then why are you so afraid of letting the public vote on your beloved liberal party biased ranked ballot proposal. we get why you want it. its just that we object to having it rammed down our throats. Get it yet?
simply not true. Many countries have high gun ownership rates but low murder rates.
No worse than her usual scribblings . . . she tries to link random neural firings together as if they were coherent thoughts. Her readers know better.
Simpson, you snobby elitist, what you really mean but lack the guts to write is that we core Conservatives are hicks. Your infatuation with superficial panache goes back to the Papa Doc Trudeau days and remains intact.
Also from today in the G&M'The economy expanded at an annual pace of 2.4 per cent in the final three months of last year, slower than 3.2 per cent of the third quarter'http://www.theglobeandmail.com/report-on-business/economy/gdp/article23259850/
The Health Minister? That means jack squat. Trudeau also said FATCA was an assault on our sovereignty (it is), and now he loves it. Same for Brison and Goodale. Maybe they've lied so much they can't remember.
Dredging for 45 year old excuses to the present day CPC's corruption shows some real ATD. Kind'a hard to stay on topic, isn't it Valigal?
My own experience with the Canadian Foreign Service. Still waiting for an apology. http://boreal.ca/STM/Tokyo.htm
Tough nut to crack.
Little slow on the uptake eh solice?
Climate change denialism is a cult that is well funded by the oil industry. There is no reasoning with cult members.
It is pretty bad but I believe admiring China and the absolute horrors that it has done to its citizens is worse.
And the result in Ontariohas been what Trevor? Careful what you wish for.
There is no doubt which side of the debate Ms Kendzior is on....
Canada1 doesn't want to hear anything that would contradict his narrow little world of black/white stereotypes. He can't deal with grey at all. He doesn't believe it exists. He is a fool.
YOu have a poor opinion, and understanding, of democracy.
Who the hell will the Globe endorse? Of course, they will not even consider the Greens or the NDP. By the Globe's own showing, the Conservatives are corrupt and vicious. The Liberals are empty and unprincipled. Maybe anarchy?
Much as I like John Tory he made a big mistake allowing children under 12 on buses free. I live in the west end and whereas children used to walk our street for the 15 minutes to gethome they now sit and wait for a bus!
nope. Are you a civil servant reliant on my tax $$$$?Why does a segment of the population have a problem with people who want to make $$$?
Obviously you are a 'wannabe' Saint... good luck with that.
That does raise serious questions. Some of whom might not want the answer.
@z55man ? So then, to be clear, you don't have anything?
I'm sorry, but nothing is as bad as the CBC. I have blocked them so that I do not have to suffer their trite, liberal paid for garbage.
Let me know how that works for you. Oh, and don't forget to add Cuba to the list, seeing as how little boy wonder things Fidel and the thousands of murders by Castro were such a good thing.
Some of us (not the blinded Con supporters) even know what their record is.
Any country with a single large community of people who hold to very different basic social values is going to be a problem. That is France's dilemma.
They had just forgotten that the Liberals were no better.
OK George, you can pay mine, but of course your probably already living off the system, can't get blood out of a stone.
Great analogy, this. And as a follow up, when challenged or faced down, will this bully in chief back down, you think? One must wonder, eh?
When the Catholic Church shows that it's non-profit, maybe it should be tax-exempt. LOLThere might be a little less gold-leaf on those sceptres...
Harper. That's the idiot.
Yeah Harper's infrastructure spending=Gazebos.
I think it's a sign of Reformacon paranoia.
We are definitely becoming a 'risk averse' society at the expense of the next generation! http://www.learningtolearn-differently.com/2/post/2013/02/whats-the-risk.html
Look when Martin was ousted the economy was in great shape, surplus budget etc. And we are so far from that right now....
Ontario Liberals - fit those criteria very nicely.
Macullum sounds drunk again on the CBC so the answer is no
Tell it to Mulcair
You do provide good comic relief
Has happened to me yesterday, doesn't even show up on my own site (where it in the past indicated they had deleted comments). It's like a black hole.
I do believe that many people are off kilter enough to believe it. They want to believe. A grounding in common sense is simply not there, as proven by nodding 'okay' to all the ludicrous things Trump does and says.
By the way, that survey saying over 80% of Canadians agreed with the Cons' view on the nicab was done on behalf of the Conservative Party, so the results are BS.
The joke is the ritualized tribal polarization mascarading as rational discussion. The psych majors and Think Tanks are having a field day.
I suspect 'Wayner' doesn't either.
My understanding is the editorial board did not want to endorse the Conservatives and it was the chief editor Walmsey who ordered them to so basically what they came up with was about the best possible, which was quite pathetic.
Thank you Teleology. Wente is a hack and a demagogue. She is not an authority of what Canadians are thinking; let alone the Swedes.
They did and they will. Don't believe a word that any Globe opinion writer says.
Harper's escalation of Canada's war involvement is the clearest signal yet that next months budget will not be balanced..
Probably complete the final delivery of advanced Russian SAMs to the Syrian government.
Wrong. It can easily be stopped. Kick him out next year. Unless his party does it sooner.
I agree and I think they should drop it. It is not the cause c?l?bre.
Those kind of immigration counsellors exist in Canada as well.
are you joking?
where is the Office of Religious Freedom on this? thought not
Wow - you really are angry. And a bigot as well. Course you may be a PQ shill. They certainly need more people like you to make your opinions heard loud and clear in Quebec.
The first thing people say when they want to destroy your nationality is that it is all imaginary, a'social construct', etc. Thus politicians will say that the Palestinians are 'an invented people'. You are strangely aligned with Newt Gingrich here.
'those with money and power rarely share willingly, they must be pushed'Can you please explain why foreigners denied access to our markets should think differently?
Dieter, Of course you are a propaganda expert. You work for a propaganda organ.
bigotted murderers with guns rally around the flag. it therefore contributes.
'Siiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiigh....Justin is just so open, transparent, accessible, refreshing and different.' (Insert squeal of glee like teens over Bieber here).-- Starry-eyed Justin Trudeau supporter
Patriotism is when love of your country comes first. Nationalism is when hatred of other countries comes first.- Charles De Gaulle
"Selinger's approval is 17%." Why are you so proud of 20% being better than 17%?
The media involved have a responsibility to corroborate the allegations before they publish the 'big fib', not afterward.
It is. Life in the PMO....nasty, brutish, and short pants.
I strongly suggest you fire this editorial writer - he has no grasp of reality. See other comments for WHY!
The trouble is we're all going to pay for his mistakes in the same way as everyone is Ontario is paying for Wynne's mistakes... and they just keep on making them.
Alberta election!!!!!!!!!
He will have to come out of hiding for that to happen.
'GenX has a better sense of fun than the earlier generations.' From the book, 'A Guy Growing Old in Country Growing Young.' A witty and satirical book on the generation gap.
Well, that's what compassionate societies do, isn't it? They care for the infirm - the 'damaged' in your words.
Don't worry, the budget will balance itself.
Who gives a damn ? the journalists. Of course. They need the rhetoric however pointless.
You share over 90% of your DNA with monkeys. Subtleties in genetics leverage big differences.
Yes, they certainly will increase our population quickly and easily. What do you know about population biology and ecology? Not much at all, obviously.
Yep. Everyone just hop onto Trump's time machine and it will be 1960 again and all will be well. It isn't going to happen. The only time machine that exists is the one we all ride daily. And it has only direction. Forward.
How about e-mail, this newspaper, concierges in condo buildings, and the list goes on and on?,.....
Mark. Why didn't he finish?? Were the two years both in a first year program?
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poisoning_the_well
2/3 of Canadians own their own home - NOT. The bank owns the home until you have paid it off and I don't think you meant to say that 2/3 of Canadians have paid off their mortgages and OWN their home.....
Go figure, those who want to end their lives are considered brave and principled; those who don't, despite their affliction, are selfish and a burden.
Inequality is objective and measurable. You are the one getting emotional over it.
Or to put your argument more succinctly, folks want their president to bomb every country that doesn't fall in line?
And who decides on all of the militarization of the police?? Is it the police board? I know the members love it. We now have all black uniforms, cars, boots, shaved heads. When I was a boy, police wore creased pants, dress shirts and ties.
You could cheer that all you want. Everyone knew those two were shaking hands while cocking their guns in the other...
There is money in that thar dung...:)
Actually it is beginning to look exactly that way - the last major overhaul to the elections act was under Chr?tien's Liberals and it was entirely non-partisan.Deal with it.
If she had compassion for the widow and child, she would have mentioned it in her column.
No, they will endorse the Liberals this time. Those are the marching orders of the Thomson family.
Calling yourself a patriot and talking like you do is mimicking Rush Limbaugh. Does not put you in a good light.
Oh, FO already. Hiding is EXACTLY what targeted VIP's should do in an active shooter situation.
This jaundiced journalism is so diseased, it's flat out inaccurate. Federal finance minister Jim Flarety was on the news last week stating that funds would be available. The provincial finance minister said he was open to an LRT or subway.
You are misled by the term "observer" really what is required is quantum entanglement, not any observation or observer
And how about a political hack wearing a lab coat?
I don't who you are, but I'm willing to bet your just another disgruntled dipper.
He is not speaking for me, and neither for other millions, the 'progressives' want to muzzle!
I am afraid you are mixing up too many apples and oranges and referencing everything out of context. This does nothing to help us get this straight. Maybe you should try again.
LOL! Excellent point! Blame the judge who wanted to make sure she could vote in the election.
Yeah let's focus on Shumuer. Let's FORGET that Donny is the most incompetent president in US history...
I was thinking the same thing. She's absolutely right. Wente's stock just went up.
on the matter of Islamic terror. Early morning brain freeze.
Jack, stop making a fool out of yourself. You only embarrass those who know you!
Of the long, long list of the problems with Saudi Arabia, he does not even mention the fact that is the most oppressive regime in the world for its women. This is a glaring omission.
Read the article. It clearly states that this trend started with Trudeau.
'Pompous know-it-alls' ? Knowledge just terrifies you folks, doesn't it?
weird, what are you talking about?
I think that he rode his bicycle non-stop
The only party endorsement that matters is the one from Canadian voters. Fortunately those who would vote based on what party the G&M happens to endorse comprise only a small percentage of the electorate.
Trump didn't draft the laws that made it possible. Look back to Ted Kennedy circa 1965.
harper made something better? thank you for my laugh of the day.
Yes but we already have laws against marrying underage women, against coercion, against sexual assault, etc. I.e., you don't need polygamy laws to prosecute people who marry children.
You have a B-I-G HDTV. I have a little 15 inch. I'm a little guy with a physical handicap. Can not move the BIG TVs around.
Hadfield is an environmentalist as well as a scientist, you boobs. Is this party of hillbilly science deniers going to suddenly sing Hallelujah for a scientist and an environmentalist? Does the stupidity burn your mouth as you speak.
It's only been available in Colorado since January of this year. Hardly conclusive evidence to support your specious argument.
As long as the PC's have Hudak they have a losing situation. Try some real talent !!
No, the sunny ways are the expense accounts for moving.
how about civil servants day.......since that is mostly who receive this holiday.
sageantoine....if you believe hospital care is free... you are the one living in a fantasy. I gladly pay my taxes... i begrudge them being pissed away on foolish ideologically driven wastes of money such as carbon taxes etc.
Welcome to the Globe & Mail, Canada's latest lefty rag.
It's called desperation. The racehorse with the big money has cankles.
There isn't a 'whoever', there is this simple truth: If you want anything on that list actually done, you had best be voting for the NDP.
Thanks Comrade. Paranoia strikes deep.
Toronto had Nothing to do with the UP Xpress. That was the Province from beginning to end.
I would hesitate to even call them hyenas, let alone a great creature like the leopard. No animal is as low as a murderous human being that kills just for the pleasure of it or for some cult.
NATO has lost its way. Instead of being a defensive construct, it now follows a path of aggression. Unless its U.S.-centric ambitions are curbed, and its mission is redefined, countries like Canada should withdraw.
And your perspective is clearly that of Steve's infantile following.
The broom closet diplomat is being exposed, laughable.
Another example of a right wing English or American with a queen.
For some reason my above comment was not attributed as a response to 'sweetpotato's' (cousin of Little Potato?) regarding how there were virtually no international references to Trudeau's gaff on Castro.
Seems to work.
Truth in politics is an oxymoron - and to write abvout it seems redundant !
Cutting the subscription to G&M is becoming a serious consideration for me. The G&M editorial's hypocrisy is becoming overbearing.
I never did receive a postcard. Oh well, never mind. I just entered the mydemocracy. ca survey 5 times instead to make up for it.
hopefully, as he's been dragging it along for months! Poor judgment on PMs part!
Drop the derogatory dramas and you might just convince someone. =)
The next separation referendum must be national. Let all Canadians decide whether Keebecistan should stay or go.
You mean like wanting to get a vote started being stalled by some childish NDP prank? Yeah I would be frustrated too.
He wanted to follow George Bush to Iraq and that created the vacuum the ISIL is filling, so, no, he wasn't right.
Not in its present form, certainly. We (no-one) cannot afford a system where demand is open ended
whatever babysitting or "early learning" Pay for it YOURSELF
Liberal education is an American concept. Europeans were more into technical training. Kids start specializing in a technical area in middle school. I suspect this is the reason for the blind faith in their dictators.
Some specifics please, instead of meaningless rhetoric?
Just lying is all the Cons have left.
brilliant broadcaster? I think not.
The message from the first nations is 'We won't be Bought, but keep sending the MONEY'
Interesting article, Canada and Quebec can't stay together for ever we are far too different.
Well said Miller Time, truly spot on!!!
Says the facsist bigot who has never been to a Muslim country where the large majority of women quite voluntarily wear head coverings of some kind.
Thomson family... get it right...
How about you just ask for details first, before mocking him? Some parts of Europe do seem to have better health care than we do here, as I understand it.
' Remember the Brexit as the moment when xenophobia won '~~ '' ~~Unmitigated nonsense.// ..
Warmer, R j.
In this case, to both, and presumably towards other francophones.
Ailina: The woman wished to die with dignity. It was her choice to make, not anyone else's.
According to this, she has to win the nomination. www.theglobeandmail.com/news/politics/journalist-chrystia-freeland-to-seek-liberal-nod-for-toronto-centre/article13470172/#dashboard/follows/
Sitting on the fence on issues will only guarrantee that another leader like Trump will arrise. Agree with this. Some call it the 'slide down the slippery slope of fascism'. And... yuck...the slide is getting muddier and slimier.
Gretz, please stick to running a failing hockey team.
you are a fool.
Wow. Ugly.
That's hilarious.
It baffles the mind that The G&M refers to The MacDonald-Laurier Institute as non-partisan.There's a story behind that stance but don't assume it's due to a bias. I see it more as a type of self preservation.
It's not known, and further, it's private information and won't be made known. Many of the responses involve a great deal of projection.
It's all going to be free. The government is going to pay. It's a kind of fiscal magic that many Canadians reverently believe in. Money is no object.
Yes, and Jewish soldiers have killed many Muslims... does this mean all Jews are to be suspected of being killers?
Many if not most liberals don't believe that at all.
Only if you let them!
Bitter and small-minded are appropriate adjectives to describe the Jones screed.
The single issue here is that this conversation is taking place at all, and still.
Too many left wing loons running this country. We are doomed.
For example, so you guys are telling us that muzzling scientists was an intelligent idea?
It should be remembered that ?Nations have no permanent friends or allies, they only have permanent interests.?
And it's not my child.
And the physicians' community that has historically told us that they know best. Remember David Steinberg's routine, 'me doctor, me god'?
Do you want healthy food cheaper at the grocery store or not? There are real costs associated with growing and processing healthy food. If you don't have a better solution, then shut up.
Number three is by far the most important assuming competent scheduling and cost engineering. Having knowledgeable and energetic supervision enables efficient work practices and problem solving.
No. But in this case, yes.
MW should have written - 'he only SAID he was trying to be a good guy'. Big difference.
Look what happened tonight! Told ya!!
True enough Donna, we should leave the economy to First Nations, moms, and other touchy feely folks. I like the idea of selling it while we can though.
in this context ... colonization = democracy
Brilliant. That's about the size of it.
@DanielleM: That is not what insolvent means.
Gary - you are cynical beyond words to equate Morgenthaler with Hitler. Might I recommend a good book on the history of the holocaust? A visit to Yad Vashem might also change your mind. Until then, please be quiet.
that would break up the country
I guess I just don't get it. The Wynne Budget can hardly be described as moderate and concomitantly so neither can the electorate that voted for it.
The link does not work for me...
Actually just highligt this IP Address to read the Canada Free Press. com articlehttp://canadafreepress.com/index.php/article/72839
Interesting that you view time as a factor in legality. Am I to guess Bill's transgression's against women are forgiven since they were two decades ago?
Time for the brains trust to unleash Chrystia Freeland, perhaps ? Or will the big economics gun be reserved for the run in ?
Fphshhah!! What has white European culture ever accomplished?
And we're expected to pay for these lies?!?
If the photographer is good enough, they can frame the shot to make it say what he or she wants. There is no objective reality in a photo unless the photographer has no axe to grind which is never the case in tody's politicised Press.
Where in the article did she try to shame (directly or indirectly) young women?
Oh, how crazy is that. Cancer treatment for an AD patient. So they can have a long, slow agonizing death later.
"Not liberal media. Or any fact oriented news source!" At least you've correctly segmented Fox from liberal media from fact-based news. Lord knows ALL 3 are mutually exclusive.
And you can bet his supporters don't read "le monde" either.
So how do Kelly Leitch and the obnoxious supporters of Jason Kenney fit into your analysis, Mr. Manning? Are they part of the populist threat or the relief?
The boat people arrived into a pre-harper Canada, that hadn't been ravaged by neoconservatism, that didn't blame the poor for being poor, and didn't think an appropriate level of taxation was some kind of heinous assault on those with resources.
Yes, he did. Take a look at the diversity of Papineau, the riding he represents.
Idiot. You know nothing about how the government works. Crawl back into your hole.
The 'good news' doesn't strike me one way or another. Again, why do Canadians lap this stuff up? You have a perfectly decent country and you shouldn't need some external survey to confirm that.
Greatbut what good is a healthy body and a senile mind?
During the Oslo Accords the settlements grew by leaps and bounds. No matter what happens the Israelis take more and more land so that a 2 state solution is not next to impossible.
They have the attention span of a gnat.
What is it they used to say?'If you can't do the time, don't do the crime.'
Oddly, few of those '85%' showed up at the polls to vote for parties that supported the Conservative's niqab ban. A majority of Canadians voted for parties that opposed the Conservatives' niqab ban.
Cognitive dissonance. I guess we 'needed' a short war in WW2 as well. Since what we 'need' trumps what is actually going on, why even stop at a short war? Why not say 'we need no war to be going on'?
Interesting that these rules, instituted by the Conservatives, were one of the few the Liberals didn't bother to reverse. Truth is, the Conservatives created the rules and the Liberals abused them.
If I get the argument here right, climate change is not a problem because it's everybody else's fault.
Let continue blaming RBC for its bad behaviour because we care about RBC !
I'm with the CPC and Stephen. We must not let these immigrants into Canada. Let them die on the beaches of their own making.
No. They're socially progressive.
Well, Gibson isn't a Liberal, is he ? And given the crying need to act on the state of the Senate - the need to justify its role in democratic government - unleashing a reactionary on the subject is surely not an attempt to clarify matters.
if he had an English degree he wouldn't say 'each and every' & he would also be able to spell 'comrade'
PEI with a population of 150, 000 has 4 MPs. For those who want PR here is a question : How do you buy off the Atlantic provinces who have 32 seats for a population of just over 2,000,000 ?
www. huffingtonpost.ca/2013/01/29/corporate-taxes-canada-tax-freedom-day_n_2571908.htmlHere is another good source...
What do you think their base is?
HRHB - sad but true.
Great Gaia, Manning as a concerned environmentalist ?No, quite the contrary. Just more dumbing down from God's man in Alberta.
For decades, the big frightening threat was fundamentalist Christians...
Russia is driving to connect to Crimea by land. It's flat out cross border imperialist aggression. If we're going to persist in dealing with this via sanctions it's time to escalate seriously. Out of Swift, closed borders.
tried that link but it is no longer active. Really still wonder how practical this is.
It was meant to be light and humourous.
OK, I'll bite. You're a racist and a Trump supporter. It seems you can't be one without the other.
Newfoundland has no worries, did they not elect all liberal sunny ways this past fall???
JT wont work with TM, and both JT & TM won't work with SH, while SH has been quiet. When the rubber hits the road it will be interesting to see who is lying. My money is on TM, he's a lawyer after all.
Are you kidding?
More and more we can see that secularism is becoming a religion in the way it is applied and this is unacceptable.
Can we make it a 'lose Wynne' situation instead?
I'm not a supporter of Zionism, that's for sure. Want to blacklist me?
A better move would be to vote for the Liberals. Ralph Goodale would be a better finance minister than Flaherty in his sleep.
3 strikes and you are out 1. NDP champagne socialists 2. from quebec 3. mulcair
what a sick response to a Canadian tragedy
Oh well then.... can't argue with the consensus.
Never, that would be honest thing to do. They do not hold them self to the same standard they hold the opposition
Middle-aged Peter Pan... Look at him beside Gerry Butts who is his contemporary.... the latter actually looks middle-aged.
It is still spelled both ways.
Because they can't keep them factual. They head off into the hate and intolerance direction.
Hillary was so beatable then the Republicans nominated Trump as their presidential candidate.
some info about his 'business acumen'http://www.theglobeandmail.com/report-on-business/rob-magazine/kevin-oleary-hes-not-a-billionaire-he-just-plays-one-on-tv/article4564334/?page=all
'why have a Parliament?'And that my friends is the question that our glorious leader the dis-Honourable Stephen Harper Dick-tator Supreme has been asking for the past seven years.
Russia was crucified by the warmongering of Putin and his supporters... just look at Russia's human rights, economy and status ...The billions could have gone to feeding the poor, but no... Putin and his zealots crucified Russia instead
Samso Island Denmark , 100 per cent renewable, Scientific American has some reading for Jeffrey. http://www.scientificamerican.com/article/samso-attempts-100-percent-renewable-power/And all of Denmark by 2050
We in the West need to concentrate on saving our civilisation. Let the Arabs take care of whatever revolution they favour.
How about healthcare for the millions who didn't have it before?
Maybe we should get rid of the Queen instead of having to rely on constitutional experts to explain her role in our society.
Good to know the jets will be quieter than the Q40s
So how does Mr Prentice justify keeping his bigoted education minister employed with such an disinclined, antiqued and damaging view of how he would prefer to allow students to be educated?
In my opinion, this is obscene....
Speak the truth on what is going on here and our 'betters' in the 'news' industry censor you.
Leah you are a piece of work-thanks for your frank admission of shallow ignorance and vanity.
Dude, don't point out supposed grammar mistakes if you don't realize that 'unnavigatable' isn't a word. Unnavigable, my man. Unnavigable.
How Are You Exactly a Patriot.. just kvetching 'The Right... The Right' - more like a Parrot.
Absolutely stunned to see that Kathleen Wynn's approval rating is as high as 27 albeit is one of the lowest ratings across Canada.
---and to add to the farce, the government did not put out any tenders; 'we'll buy the F-35s despite their mechanical problem, cost over-runs and continued postponement of delivery.'It's almost as if we owned shares in McDonnell-Douglas.
It's a shame that one person has sullied the reputation of Toronto. Yes, I know for many of you, it is already sullied. This guy may not even be from Toronto - it isn't a prerequisite to attend a game.
As long Toronto people view going to even a Maple Leaf pre-season game as a bucket list item - why would the NHL do anything differently?
Your right. Nowadays, there is no George Bain nor Don McMurtry nor Douglas Fisher nor Peter Newman. Their way of doing things is long, long gone.
No, our press is owned by corporate interests and so is our government.
Given that the UP is free this weekend to increase awareness it will be interesting to see the ridership
Hey Margaret just wanted to thank you for forwarding on the cause of a NDP majority government in 2015 Keep up the good work.
Terry_C7: 02 PM on March 3, 2013You were lucky Terry not getting involved with pension funds. You probably see the trouble involved. I feel for public servants comstantly being harassed. Congrats on the positive outlook - it sure helps.
Natives and the government seem to be not that far apart on the importance of the queen, I mean why else would the government demand that the queen's picture be placed in a predominant position in all government buildings.
Utter nonsense. Only the religious ignore overwhelming evidence of the absurdity of their beliefs yet pride themselves on their blind faith.
Headline: ~At least two Paris attackers 'took migrant route into Europe'~'French authorities also suspect mastermind Abdelhamid Abaaoud may have evaded detection travelling through Greece as a fake refugee'
'cutting the GST by 2% in the face of economists' advice to cut the base tax rate,'Interesting that you think Mrs T would be proud of Harper for doing the exact opposite of what she did.
McGuinty bad doesn't make Hudak good.
It will be interesting to see if the somewhat brown NDP turn a little green to ward off that flank. John Horgan is the only ndp with much green cred.
Possibly smart enough to know how to spell 'Millennial'?
It is ironic to read about Saudi Arabian funding of mosques and madrasas (schools) in Canada, but no one mentions our government is also funding them. Seriously, we must start by removing the funding of ALL religious schools.
Will Clement read the comments? I hope so. He needs a reality check.
that was tried but they portrayed it as a citizenship ceremony and invited Sun media to film it for that evenings news. Eventually, the deception was discovered however and and again, they looked like idiots.
why have a chat with your enemies when you can just bomb 'em?
The link between zero tolerance for corruption and our only hope for a good life is not well-understood in many places, and I hope the understanding of this is not weakening here.
Don't forget a value added tax (sales tax) of 23%. But yes, very well spent, and I would be happy to pay it to see those around me well cared for and disparities in social class minimized.
They hang on to it because if if they didn't, it would be repudiation of Trudeau senior. And that would be like a communist saying Marx was wrong.
Will Muslim and Chinese immigrant also be expected to hang their heads in collective shame? Or will they be forgiven their trespasses against natives? Or are they not included in the grievances? Or is guilt race based on Europeans only?
Time will tell.
Simple, we have no values as 1.3 Million Canadians that visit each year. But yet no different than the many more millions of us buying from Walmart (Walmart provides us a lot via Communist China). We Canadians love cheap.
Your first sentence is the funniest part of your post. Such gravitas.
Bill G. Energy East has more "bang for the buck" because it eliminates $(c)30 million a day of imports of foreign oil.
Each Liberal sitting at the infrastructure spending table should be considering this question: Am I the one at this table being set up to take the rap when this boondoggle unravels?
Turn off Fox News and join the rest of us here in reality.
Good Article. Even though it has hit a nerve with some of the G&M crazies ............
Unfortunately it's often about being stuck with the evil of lessers.
'The party tried to put a sweater on him to make him more cuddly. He looked ridiculous.'Ah, that made my morning.
I remember the Conservatives raised not a peep when another popular PM spouse, Mila Mulroney, was provided with office and staff, yet they have done a 180 now. Hypocrisy? Nah.......Let's stop being so mean, small-minded and cheap
This is Christy Clark's night time prayer.
Clinton will continue the current high levels of Muslim immigration and welcome about 500, 000 Muslims during her first term, about 1 million if she's reelected. Trump wants zero immigration from Muslim lands. Which position is crazier?
Mr Malumba ...please explain why Harper is the vilest creature ever to occupy the office... Canadians need to know how he has made your life a living hell...
Well done Chris. I normally disagree with your food analogy but in this review you hit it nail on. Not only with your style of writing, which is particularly good here, but with the content. Reminds me of Frank Bruni's reviews. To the point!
'...Mind you, given a chance, likely a majority of Canadians east of Manitoba would still vote Democrat.'people would do crazy things all the time, wouldn't they?
LOL. Blunt talk with no facts. Just a bunch of fearmongers. The global warming zealots remind me of the George Bush crowd post 9-11. Nothing but fear to drive their agenda.
China eat world.
Jesse Ventura. Really?? Everyone's an expert. www. pbs.org/wgbh/nova/tech/cold-case-jfk.html
spiderwoman, Excellent comment!
More importantly we need to be clear and sure about what the money is being spent on. How much is bureaucracy? How much is unnecessary and/or ineffective procedures, medications, surgeries?
No, you obstructionist jerks, we do not have to decide that.
That is not the reason that they have lots of children.
or questions!
^This doesn't even remotely make sense. That's how I know El Guapo is a conservative.
Ummmm....some like it a little rough... the scratchy feel.
Trump was basking in self-congratulations.
No please not Maggie!!!!!!!
An example of lack of truth, honesty and transparency in politics by elected members.
whereas JT will dance for you... for a charitable cause of course.
That massive influx is less than 1% of the current population.
Killing soldiers in wartime has never qualified as 'terrorism'.
The authors are professors of political 'science'?So I read the article after all. It's utter garbage, as many commentators have pointed out so well.
What facts?
Cancelling the sale is the right thing to do.
Harper has occupied the moral high ground by helping fight ISISwhich is evilISIS beheads people and persecutes Chritstians and MuslimsHarper has taken the moral high groundand so just to be contrary the Left opposes him
One thing's for sure: conservative governments do not do well with the public purse. Let's elect people who believe in public services.
A deficit of 0.1% GDP and growth of, say, 2% GDP results in a falling debt/GDP ratio, i.e. the debt burden getting smaller. Deficit spending that increases economic performance decreases the debt.
ZZzzz.... Fill in the blank______ have a right to be heard and respected. What a meaningless cliche!
Tired:'JB! How the heck are yah sir? Yes I took you off ignore.'Well....put me back on, then.
'We need population control. 'If I drop by with a chair and a short length of rope, will you help us with this problem?
sanctimonious, You're a sadistic sicko profiting from the suffering of Canadian folks struggling to survive the gross corruption of greedy politics and rapacious economics.
What should the west do ? How about NOTHING - all we have accomplished so far is to feed the monster ....
Yep! And the Lefties just stay in denial.
I'm not sure you're really scoring the points you think you are.
'yet they own the resources beneath our very feet.'Nope
Trade barriers like those espoused by Trump are the opposite of free market economics. Conservatives want free trade. Free markets mean the unimpeded flow of capital and labour and Trump is against this too. He is no conservative.
How where they hidden? We found them, like every other mineral in the ground. So we shouldn't have iron, nickel, copper, etc? You anti-oil people are anti-modern civilization.
check out trudeaumetre. ca. We can track all 171 of his promises here. He's going to need more than luck, I'm afraid
Really? Try not renewing your driver's license or vehicle permit and keep driving.
The French were an equal partners/plotters in the Sykes-Picot Treaty, not 'the help'.
I'm replying to your snide comment from Barbados, Dieter. Will that do?
Your blaming Harper - like he had a choice? I don't think he is too trilled about it either. But are you going to thumb your nose at the US?
Never have we seen such a bias media work so hard to drag a crooked hag across the finish line. It's refreshing to read some honest journalism for once, it took long enough!
Lighten up, fence.
Baloney. First of all, Ted Opitz is of Polish descent, not Ukrainian. Secondly, observers have a vital role in ensuring honest elections in places without a such a tradition; they are NOT meddling, they are invited.
CU JO's allegation that the Oregon shooter was a Muslim is unfounded and a hate slur against muslims. The only online sources for the allegation are extreme rightwing bigot blogs. It's not even claimed by Fox News.
Some great commentary in this thread - again proving the value of allowing commentary on G+M articles.
I imagine the word they would use would be heretic. The question is whether they believe the physician in question should be burned at the stake.
In fairness to the Globe, the intro does point out that Rae's law firm acts for these 'first nations'. That is what Rae is, a paid advocate. Not too difficult to know what that implies.
One would think that Peter McKay would know better than to impugn the integrity of the Chief Justice. But I guess he didn't want to upset the Boss. He better stay in politics because, as a lawyer, he has destroyed his own reputation.
Kim Campbell is living proof of the perils that result from Affirmative Action. The most unqualified PM, ever!
Andrew, don't be so na?ve every politician MP tries to win at all costs the salary is over $150,000 every single one of them
Yech!!!!!!!If there was a better daily paper I would buy it.You are yellow bellied!
CON dupes: thumbs up if you think your failed striptease ad it represents the bully CPC's kind of politics.
I think that Kenny would prefer it if we didn't know any of this. Since it is public data however couldn't a media organization put in a Freedom Of Information request for it? G&M... how about some investigative reporting?
Alberta politics are most definitely not my Rodeo. Reading this though, struck by how much Brian Jean must be wondering how damaging the endorsement of the author will be to his chances of being premier considering her record.
Problem is he is taking us with him.
'Shawn A-in-chut Atleo is the National Chief of the Assembly of First Nations'You have about as much relevance to an individual aboriginal person as Harper does to an individual tax payer.
Well said but Climate Change is a religion for idiots. Have you ever tried to argue with a religious zealot? It's a waste of time.
It's amusing to hear all these cry baby wannabe fascists complaining about lefties in the 'MSM.' As if. Their real frustration is that they can't make savvy, educated people (regardless of their political stripe) buy their bs.
Canada is a joke. Not because of our dependence on commodities but because of our politicians AND courts (both are horrendous).
Good question for all criminals for sure. Is it worth it to try grabbing an officer's gun and assaulting an officer over a pack of cigars?
Here's the decoder ring for youFlawed but normal = ClintonAbnormal and dangerous = Trump
the article is right on.
Wynne and the Ontario Liberal Party are selling Ontario out.
France's role was fundamental for your country's development
Nick: The sooner people become more rational and less superstitious the better. Last night I talked to the Tooth Fairy and 2 weeks ago my Christmas presents under the tree came from Santa Claus, who delivered them around 3AM.
President Trump.
Some thought he was a Stalinist.
So why are you still married? The grass is not usually greener...
What actual consequences did Harper have to deal with after he insulted the Chief Justice and refused to apologize (unlike May, who did apologize)? Guess he really is irrelevant Phew!
And your post is filled with the same old whining from the wannabes.
I did not say I support Trump. I just offered analysis.
Pragmatic, 2008? Have you taken a hit from the JT bong?
Democratic President.
This is such divisive negative reporting. You so often report the negative with a such a mean edge. Is this how you live your life? Come on, try some real journalism. Your readers need something intelligent.
I'm curious. What part of that statement is a lie?
Hmm, I did not know we measured the earths temperature way back 200 years ago. Oh wait, I forgot, we measure the earths temperature using tree rings and swamp gas. So reliable, so accurate. Lol!
The presstitutes are desperate at the GM - Trump is going to win and they will not get their bonus.
Very very well put.
Outstanding comment, Neil 1984.
Yes, all those Canadians living in Lebanon who demanded that Canada rescue them were tenured profs at Harvard. They all just happened to be on sabbatical at the time.
No rebuttals, but I've gotten 11 thumbs down. Any unfounded beliefs operating here?
Correction, Tracy: it WAS not their choice. But today, they have enormous opportunities. I'm dropping my guilt about what my forebears thought and did. How about you?
If we had excluded immigrants from problem countries we could have avoided this problem altogether. There are enough immigrants from Europe that want to come to Canada we don't need to turn our country into Canukistan.
Rmiller101 May it was because you and your leftist friends kept opposing the construction of the pipelines, constantly delaying them.
PET Trudeau never demeaned Lougheed, in fact they worked together.
We're now four months into 2016, but don't sweat it, even if you'd got the date right, your point is largely nonsensical.
Beautiful sentiments - excellent advice!
I agree with most of what you said. It's unfortunate you then proceeded to politicize it. Wynne has nothing to do with this whatsoever and you know it.
What is wrong with that? Well, you better not do anything that rubs Dear Leader and his bunch the wrong way. Then you'll find what's wrong with that.
She did not fool anyone? She fooled Paul Martin that said it was inspirational, Baby Trudeau and many leftist editorial writers
THe Europeans don't want their economy ruined to please some war mongers on this side of the ocean. Any sane POTUS has to take that into consideration.
If it wasn't for the theist's, this would be a boring and harsh world indeed. If it wasn't for Christmas, the economic reality would be much different. You can add on other religious holidays as well.
How are we doing with the oil cartels? The bank cartels? The political cartels? Is your indignation limited to the ones that don't suit your agenda?
He's not your son.
Doug Ford won't be running again, but he needs to shut up and go away. Everytime he opens his mouth he makes a fool of himself.
Umm no....CUT TAXES. I love you lefties... anyone making 50,000 a year is 'wealthy'....wealthy people can afford daycare, with or without income splitting, genius... it's the middle class who needs help.
Yeah, better to let the sick suffer than start up hospitals.
Garbage autist, you missed trash collection yesterday, next time hop in and save everyone ssome time
What does 'meddling' consist of? Buying off the government the way the US does in Egypt? We've been 'meddling' in that region for decades and decades and here we are - what's the answer?
Hear Hear!
He will be fed, housed, given books to read, the chance to take courses, all things his victims have lost forever. How is that 'torture'? Are you a lawyer, by chance??
Pretty hard to read an online comment that contains lines such as: 'the Applicant in the '109OZ' proposal will henceforth be referred to as the 'Appellant'.
Quite possibly. Or, the editor assumed the headline would accomplish much more than the content.
Right. We are all waiting for your post and finding out who, if anybody, wrote the 'studies'.
Or Trudeau could just do nothing. Leave the CF-18'S where they are as well as the Refugees. He may actually gain more support by doing nothing.
It's the Sun effect. I wonder if we could take up a collection so they would open the comments section again?
Yet, world oil demand has never been higher. 97 million barrels of oil per day and growing. 1120 barrels per second. I nominate Doug Saunders for dupe of the century.
If they work and pay taxes, who cares? Immigrants, legal or otherwise, don't only show up on one side of the balance sheet. Every country has citizens and residents who work and pay taxes, and enjoy benefits that are paid for by those taxes.
There are more lead mines in Canada than in the U.S. Oh, I see a bit of humor. Doesn't stop you from your bi-monthly shopping trips across the border though, does it? Duck much lead during your trips?
Take a vacation, Lawrence. Seriously! Your hatred of Harper is not healthy - it is obsessive.
But didn't the Globe and Mail once advocate (quite strongly) the Order of Canada members or a selection of them as a forum for the choosing of senators?
English is not your first language, right?
Yup. Every time. You can count on Lieberals selling us out to the Socialists in order to hand on to power.
Shiny pony? Ezra Levant?
Even if you are dumb enough to go to jail for a political cause, I would think that some level of analysis would clue you in to the fact that this type of tactic wouldn't be effective. So you're really going to jail for being stupid.
They could contact the federal New Democrat party for some tips in that regard.
KSM receives no sympathy from me.
I assume this must be satire?
Very interesting bit of info that makes all the difference to the story.
... and you are willing to oppress other people to get them ...
$10 billions proposal going to the Ontario gov't soon to have Alberta bitumen processed at Sarnia refineries into oil & gas.
Actually, Chuckles, there are about 37,000 Somali-Canadians, which means they represent about 0.1 percent of our population. Oh the horror! (See h ttp://goo.gl/R9uCO for the numbers at StatsCan.)
And your counter-argument is? Yeah, that's what I thought.
Italian-Canadians refuse to learn English? Who knew?
I would assume that the population has increased also.
Marcus - do you think the downtown, leftists NIMBYs are interested in facts and arguments.
That Canada will contribute to the destruction of ISIS and everything it stands for, in absolute terms.
This is one of the most sexist columnists ever. She will argue for the woman 100% of the time.
I guess that poor blacks don't like competing with illegals for jobs too.
The Liberals appointed the poll clerks in the last election all at the discretion of the returning officer for the riding.
Hedged and rcalon are correct. This government deserves its low polling numbers, but when the alternatives are the over-emoting drama teacher and Thomas Hulkcair, voters have to think twice about what they're going to do. C.
If you believe in Jesus and live with that belief, you will find that you have a perfect peace continuously regardless of what life throws at you and that you enjoy living every day with a joy which cannot be described. You should try it some time.
What's 'frightening' about that?
Aborting brain cells? New concept for the pope to consider.
The solution is simple Margaret and you suggested it - renounce your US citizenship.
' I do not know how she will accomplish this'Don Drummond wrote a very clear report on how she can accomplish this, all she has to do is to implement his report!
And part of democracy is tossing out crypto-fascists like Herr Harper and his ilk.
So the Vietnam War wasn't a war either?
You have plainly never known anyone with terminal cancer if you think pain relief has universal efficacy.
It is freedom to do what you want with your body.
Untrue. JFK was assassinated, and yet the Civil Rights Act was passed. Lincoln was assassinated, and yet there was peace after the US Civil War.
Misspelled oblivion in the first paragraph. No, I'm not dumb, I just type fast when I'm mad.
new ISIS propagandist on the loose at global and Mail
According to Wikipedia, Mr Saunders spent 7 years at York University, but left without completing his Bachelor's degree.
@ChinaknewsI heard you are a member of an exteme right Japanese. Liar.
uh, no - the US imports 7-8 million barrels of oil per day. ___________________ Michele, you have been told this already.
Why would six morons vote against that post? Hm. I guess I answered my own question.
Yes, not a shy bird....and master french fry thief outside Temple and Whiskeyjack lodge at Lake Louise.
Oh yeah, cause things are so much better in the T. Could you imagine RF tweeting a pic of his willy? ...shudder...
I think you mean, if no one knows what's going on it's that much easier to make them believe what you want them to believe. That sums up the CPC government perfectly.
They should know. Canadians know everything. And they have M A's to boot.
Start freshly. Pick a place in the relative geographic centre of Canada, and have a 20 -30 year plan to move the capital there. And to make it interesting, build a huge geodesic dome to make the climate bearable...
Gov: Wow.I didn't know you were Native.
she made her case.. I believe her
What a pompous self-safisfied post. 'This changes everything' is a badly written piece of ignorant propaganda. Those of us who regard Klein as an idiot are usually far better informed than eco-groupies like this poster.
The obvious challenge to that is 'wanna bet?'
or either of Margaret Macmillan's WW I classic analyses.
Good point!
it doesn't say anything about the Internet either
It would not surprise me that Stephen Harper oversee the demise of Canada, and be a key determining factor of Qu?bec independence. The perfect legacy for a man who has no idea what 'Canadian unity' is about or how to govern a country.
And how do you figure that? People are black because that's what's in their genetics. People are gay for the same reason.
Writers don't write the headlines, that is left to editors with a good feel for effective clickbait.
How many oil companies are there and how much competition is there for your dollar at the local gas station? Many companies reaping profit and no competition in a way that benefits the consumer.
The voters in the US will determine whether Trump is fit or unfit to lead the US - not the editorial board of a newspaper in Toronto.
The problem is all levels of governments are spending my money like crazy.
You know that the Harper government had a Minister for Democratic something or other.
Why do we have to do google search to determine the affiliations of these guest columnists? In this case he is a Fellow of the Fraser Institute.
Norin. Four bigoted, racist references in just one sentence!!
In 1944 18 year olds stormed the beaches of Normandy in the face of certain death to free Europe. In 2016 18 year olds need a safe place to protect themselves from getting their feelings hurt.
Or would you like him put in a concentration camp?
Man, what weird logic. "Lemming" logic, actually ("Oh look, they're all rushing off the cliff... must OK if they're all doing it. Lemme do it, too..") Me? I'd head for the lifeboat davit.
Yet another strange column trying to blame someone, other than the person responsible, for what just happened. Weird that this is presented as valid commentary in a national paper.
Ontario is burning with McWinty's gas and no article on opening headers. Oh but look, the Ford brothers are routinely here. If the Ford's burned a billion dollars where would you find enough room for your display of love for them?
I've lived in both Vancouver and Toronto and overall I prefer Kelowna.
I thought that JT was the leader.
My thoughts exactly. Vaccines are one of the greatest medical advances ever achieved. But they aren't all completely without risk. Its up to parents to educate themselves and make informed decisions about the health of their children.
Would you dare or want it and live with the stigma of being a racist further on?
Mulroney was personally responsible for destroying the PC's, such was the level of hatred towards him by all Canadians. Even Stephen Harper was able to leave the Conservative Party intact, with a good showing at the last election.
No, they kept saying that and lost the election.
The CIA and CSIS don't pay posters... only China does. Molly want a cracker?
Yes, Trudeau should be the one coming up on policies for 'double-dipping. after all, he's an expert at it.
Aniechka, Politics is always about business. Democracy is merely a soporific, like religion. The more corporations and government can dismantle democracy the more profits they make and the more power they have over workers.
Will never happen unless we get a great big feminist bureaucrasy and lots and lots of government money!
Ontario Debt by Premier http://forums.canadiancontent.net/canadian-politics/124544-ontario-debt-premier.html
Sounds like a winning strategy for you and your Conservatives to win more immigrant votes...
Jack: Do you realize that you've made an argument IN FAVOUR of treating porn as a suitable subject for sociological study?
President Obama could have been more consistent in his approach. But calling him a '98-pound weakling' is rather harsh.
This is a patronizing and ignorant piece mainstream garbage.
... perhaps supporting the 'invasion' of Europe to alleviate problems at home AND helping to spread their particular agenda?
Excellent observations, Feather. The fact is that capitalism, love it or hate it, keeps pulling itself off the mat in the face of other systems. Like all would-be revolutionaries, the Adbusters gang likes to portray the world in apocalyptic terms.
And yet in rating after rating, Canada is rated as one of the best countries in which to live, and the US isn't. Must be bias within the UN, OECD and the like!
You should qualify your statement a bit more because it is "for Muslim men to determine, not Muslim women ....
hmmm 'subways, subways, subways'
Really Balabua? Do you think she fooled those people? Or are they just political opportunists? (I'm going with the latter.)
I get very tired of people saying that one profession has it so good, whether it be doctors, teachers, cops, or firefighters. If you think they have it so good, do the work, join the profession. Otherwise, zip it.
Are you trying to claim that the Liberals aren't soft on criminals and terrorists?
Harper managed to put together what Mulroney destroyed, so Brian keeps popping his head out of corporate board meetings to fish for compliments in the most disgraceful way, although nothing can match the night of the brown bags for this envious man.
McFae - my experience is that training is non existent, there may be an employer here and there who trains but that is not enough, if all employers trained then job hoping would not be an issue.
The thought of Justin Trudeau trying to make sense to most foreign political leaders is cringe-worthy.
Blasphemy!
If proving their patriotism means denouncing sharia and adhering to the constitution and supporting women and gay rights then the answer is yes.
But Jimbo5 they aren't in control. A corrupt establishment is in control.
So what's next, taxes on scrapes and bruises because they cause emergency rooms to become busy?
nancy... you really have no clue about macroeconomics.
Go to the French system, where those ridings that aren't won by 50% have a run off between the top 2 finishers. I've experienced PR in Australia, and the idea of putting their hacks in Parliament without facing the voters is garbage.
Globe and Mail. Are you kidding me? Why is this inane article even being published? It sounds like an attempt to incite racism and inflame issues surrounding multiculturalism.
Why is everyone elevating this man to sainthood? He was a scoundrel, plain and simple. He made Duffy look like a choirboy.
Simultaneously inspirational and aspirational... Well, good.
You never con-sidered anything of the sort you just use that as a lead in to another slag. Troll.
Simply miscalculated on the timing and with unbalanced, and unfair budget. Will pay the price.
The Harper Government is pioneering the whack a mole public relations method.
Harper just has to be less dangerous than the others. He is...
Hahahahaha.
NYT: That Big Russia-Trump Connection Story Turns Out To Be A Nothingburger Who Knew?
The GOP has been on the warpath against HRC since the 92 election and her non-traditional take on the White House Wife role. 24 years of blowing smoke has convinced many there must be a fire, somewhere, there must be right?
Yakabuski needs a harper hair piece.
Well stated.
lol Bang on!
'Tubby': love it!!
With all due respect, why do you deserve preferential tax treatment over families who have to put 2 people out working and who cannot afford to have a wife in in the house? What makes you so special?
Frankly I think Ford enjoys the media scrums, in his own contrarian way. The mass attention feeds into his 'Me against the world!' persona.
'To say again: unless the Prime Minster gets deeply into this ? the greatest moral challenge in Canadian politics ? little progress will be made. '
I look forward to your post here on Nov. 9.
People are very dumb being bought. 30 billion dollar deficit planned and Canadians are good with it? Hey, it will be paid back, with interest, with voters money. This means you.
OAS is not included as part of the promised percentage.
Not just the CBC - the National Post has been also very critical of the Harper Conservatives and their penchant for trashing openness and democracy.
Got you're PHD in Stupidomics?
Absolute power corrupts absolutely. Czar Steve I
If you don't like Capitalism .. feel free to try the other extreme - Communism ! Been there done that and the experiment was a truly abysmal failure !
And most of the people I know from BC can think - why can't you before writing a moronic post?
Hopefully the Liberal plan in Ontario will work. No infrastructure... poor economy!
Yes he does, to dismiss it as negligible compared to the Right.
Well, the Nation of Quebec seems to have some unique rights internationally... so why not FNs...?
You're argument is with the OLG or any other provincial lottery organization.
My favourite Republican quote of the past week: 'Democrats haven't been this angry... Since we freed their slaves '
As the Prom Minister said not too long ago ,root cause as in Mormons , Presbyterians ,Baptists ,ETC
The Leap Manifest is a modern Marxist document. No point debating Marxism as a philosophy because it has no successful example to point to. It failed in every country that tried to implement it.
How is his purported involvement relevant in any way?
Thanks, just trying to bring a bit of light and levity into the usual troll-a-palooza these stories tend to turn into.
No more cheese!
That's what I kinda liked about P.E.T.. The guy had guts and didn't give a damn what you thought and was angry.
A hateful Christian is an oxymoron
The West can remain neutral... but if Russia, Iran and Hezbollah are of a contrary opinion....?
Vladimir won "corrupt leader of the year" award by the Organized Crime and Corruption Reporting Project. Mr. Harper is just an amateur. http://occrp.org/person-of-the-year/2014/
Let me rephrase my earlier comment... This is the sort of nonsense that leads to extremist behaviour. And then, before you know it, you are on an RCMP watch list and you wind up being arrested in a school cafeteria.
Well said!!!
I realised that after I posted.
If Trump's elected, justin better grow a pair. And fast.
This was a direct reference to the previous Globe Debate article on this topic which argued for abolishing prostitution. It didn't touch on the points you just raised.
A velodrone landed in Milton? Watsa velodrone? Wheresa Milton?
what damage did the Conservatives do exactly...? geez the left liberals live in a severe state of delusion...
Unfortunately, most students graduating university/college have debt and no full time jobs to go to. They cannot save, and many continue living at home.
All cats are stupid and mean
It's a train wreck waiting to happen, I'm happy to say ...
So what are you proposing - other than more flooded basements.
www. imf.org/external/pubs/ft/spn/2010/spn1005.pdf Try again?
Ignorant comment, Chuck. Let's see if your union whipped up your outrage.
Please please allah, god, buddha or whatever your name is let there be a majority government led by anyone so that we don't have to go through another election.....
No reason to wonder, just watch the media swoon over Trudeau's every move.
Another demonstration of how useless this position is,
Walrus Jr., The point of comment is that the subject matter of the article should have been investigated properly.
It is fine to be against the niqab. It is not fine to highlight some terrorist acts committed by some Muslims and then make sweeping generalizations about all Muslims.
Paul Bernardo has been declared a dangerous offender; he may not apply for parole. I don't know about the others you mentioned, but he, at least, will never trouble civilized society again.
The province of Ontario needs to shed this 'fantasy' government before they bury us.
We also have the CBC and the Star. Could include the G&M in with this crowd given their present infatuation with Trudeau. So what is your point?
We have one of the largest nuclear power plants in the world just outside Toronto. Runs so well we don't even think of it.
Really Nice article, Whenever we want to hear some interesting things that time we get some interesting information from your quality articles, Thanks www. aboutbloodpressure.ca
Harvey as a name really sets off my gaydar.
A CRA probe does not mean KPMG is guilty of anything.
Poison? Really? Your drugs must be awesome.
'Entirely possible'? How about absolutely certain? I do agree, though, that religion is a blight on the human experience.
Harper can't be having fun anymore. Maybe he should just up and quit.
More clickbait from Maggie. I wouldn't be surprised if her next headline was something about how turning the elderly into Soylent Cola was more cost effective than you'd think.
There you have it, the root cause of terrorism is not terrorists as Poulivere would have us believe, but rather the Harper Government. No wonder Canada is becoming a pariah.
Where's that darn sarcasm button. Can't find nothing when you need it.
I suppose he is a friend and/or neighbour of Julian Fantino ... from the same part of town. What Canada really needs is a statue to Cronyism. That would take at least two statues, I guess. The Politician and the Crony.
You'd better explain to Tiny what 'the working class' is.
You tell me shiftless, how is granting human rights to the symptoms of a medical disorder scientific?
during their respective election campaigns
And ll expressions of belief are harmless, aren't they? This is quite possibly the most imbecilic comment I have ever read...
Both the Liberals and the Conservatives have abused having a majority of seats without having a majority of the popular vote. I want to see a Parliament that accurately represents Canadian votes, no matter which party I favour.
If this is an editorial, why isn't the author given credit?
I learned food science and how do my taxes, during high school. It was invaluable.
Faux outrage seems to have become the guiding light of economic journalism. Relevant facts and context are selected to activate empathy, cultivate sympathy and disable clinical analysis.
Wage and price controls denounced by Trudeau during an election but quickly implemented by Trudeau after re-election.
Trudeau as well the other provinces that fail to deal with basket case economies will see an increasing backlash from western Canada. If Trudeau becomes PM, Alberta will become the province that will again start agitating for independence.
Because you believe that does not mean the editorial is wrong. Please use some logic.
Gibson, you know of course that the Harper government was the only government in the world to refuse to label asbestos as a dangerous substance, right? You do know that?
You are so bereft of brains.
Archie Bunker couldn't stand him.
With most awaiting trial or bail with predatory inmates is draconian and a crime against humanity under our very noses.
I wish I could go back and see the world in such a silly way... I am happy that the BQ has done itself a great service and elected a bigot... It might not be as dead as some of you might imagine... Never underestimate people's stupidity...
And that's fine. But I don't want to pay for it.
Who hasn't woken up next to someone you'd rather chew your arm off than waken? It's all part of growing up.
The Harperites are certain that Canadians get some kind of visceral satisfaction from representations of hate. Look at the ads about Stephan Dion. Bullying, pure and simple. Are they right about Canadians? I don't think so.
not only grateful for the curtain, pjnkw but would demand there be a curtain to cover the male anatomy or else file a complaint to the leftist progressive Human Rights Commission which would order the curtain and award $10,000 for loss of dignity
Ibbitson's column today says nothing will happen after the election and this one says that all hell will break loose. As a true Canadian I predict that the truth will be somewhere in between.
How many posts have I made so far this month? Stalker
They were homophobes whipped up by McVity and his posse.
Justin Trudeau was in favor of the CNOOC deal. Does that make him a traitor too? How about some rational arguments about the pros and cons rather than just engaging in emotional name-calling?
Nicely said!
The Globe's no-commenting policy is one problem, the moderators' gawd-awful bias and/or lack of comprehension is another.
What if Hitler and Stalin were both doing this the whole time and it was never about the Jews or the Kulaks?
After trying to ethnically cleanse Bosnia, the Serbs turned their attention to Kosovo. Can't see the similarity with Crimea here. The US illegally invaded Iraq under a dubious rationale. That, I agree, is similar to what Russia has done in Crimea.
Federal government underworld grows in both Senate and HoC. Membership to these chambers means Greenhouse effect is in full flight. Proximity to excessive tax access and you make these people look like thieves. Are they?
I am outraged at your outrage.
Wow, you haven't picked up a newspaper in the last 20 years if you think all that Hillary has done was sent a few bad emails.
So right Matt, life without Roti, Pad Thai, Curry would suck!
I think that someone who uses the term 'union of opposing sexes' should avoid lecturing people on language.
I will donate a pay cheque to a charity of Jeffrey Simpson's choosing if, when the appropriate time comes, he will devote a column to the condemnation of the Globe's inevitable (re)endorsement of Harper & Co. for (re)election in October.
Very depressing...
Solution is simple. ABH
That's a coward's stance PetPieve, to choose the winning side instead of doing what is right.
True, but Alberta has Nutley as well.
What, as compared to your content-less non rebuttal? You offer no counter argument to any of my points, yet you suggest MY argument is weak. Your lazy, idea-less, non-rebuttal reply is what's weak.
One yearns for a time when Canada as a nation can concentrate on what we can achieve together, all of us working towards a future where we have one equal citizenship for all.
I have read elsewhere that the recommendations involved MP's and Senators posting expenses on-line. Enough said.
An interview from today's Citizen with these satirists: http://ottawacitizen.com/news/local-news/ottawa-satirist-not-intimidated-by-paris-attack
Why the venomous attack on Mr. Simpson? This piece simply presents reality in a clear and concise manner. Just the facts, sir, just the facts. The ship sailed while B.C. (and Canada) were at the airport.
Spot on, PL.
Voice O;Reason, remember Jack Layton was known as TALIBAN JACK?
The NDP don't lose elections gracefully. Chow deserved better, both in her popular support and in the last weeks of the campaign.
Ah yes, this story is perfectly in tune with JT's infantile world.
The main problem with the precautionary principle is that it is a formula for doing nothing since it is almost impossible to prove that something, no matter how unlikely, will not occur.
:))However, the 'experts' don't intentionally disseminate incorrect information. Charlatans do.Mark, for the rest, I couldn't stomach reading the entire thing, but from what I saw even a stopped clock is right twice a day.
LOL... oh I understood the article just fine Alceste, but as you can see, I said, " now I understand why it made little sense There's a difference
You obviously haven't read the treaties, have you? There is no lack of clarity as to the intent and the effect of what was agreed to.
Er, Time Out, have you happened to notice to what befalls those who see things differently to Dear Leader? Individuals - under the bus. Organizations - CRA Audit.
Seth?You are a fool, but don?t let that get in the way of your irrationality
I try not to be a skeptic, however what you said is so true. Unfortunately it's predictable human behavior and although we really know that we are still surprised each time we get fooled.
Because paramedics are busy... FF's are eating and working out... they have looooooots of time on their hands...
Explain why Mulcair 'makes more sense' ? if you will?
skier, The only reason you aren't able to extend the same charitable excuses you made for Harper to Ontario and Quebec that are subject to the very same factors is because you are a blind apologist for the Cons.
Good post. And you had to BE in Atlantic Canada to understand the visceral nature of the defeat.... it was exultant, everywhere, except in hardcore circles (assuming that of course, though many hardcores have said to me they knew they blew it).
My goodness! in the name of equality, why don't you wear a bra and conversely, why aren't women free to go biking topless in the summer?
Would you stop with the sound reasoning and pertinent facts? You might impede the flow of anti-China propaganda.
how could anyone 'thumbs down' this post?
Typical stock response from sniveling PC Coward
I am pretty certain poles have been telling dumb American jokes since at least 2003.
Dryenema: Your salacious comments betray a deep lack of principles, and, at the very least, evil ignorance of truth.
Can someone on the left please tell me how basing your vote on what is good for you is any different from the greedy mentality of corporations/CEOs? Really how do Unions and corporations differ in their greed?
When they use the term 'abuse' they don't have to visualize, form a mental picture of what is actuallyhappening. It is much easier to talk about the issueat all.
You didn't have friends in grade 8?
The 1934 Communications Act made wire tapping a criminal offense in the US. That didn't stop J. Edgar Hoover of the FBI.
Harper did NOT stand for one country. He said publicly he did not care if Canada ended up as one country, or two, or ten. Do you people ever check your facts?
Do yourself a favor, turn off the computer and go for a walk.
But I can't opt out of government or public purse control, so what then if I choose not to accept payment for doing the act. The government can offer to pay on the persons behalf but if I don't accept it I cannot be held to provide the service.
Did your brain explode before you could finish your sentence? Lucky brain.
Should also note: STV vs SMP (status quo) was the only option.
You're not exactly into reading the scientific journals, are you.
The Tea Party has come to Canada . . . ps
The citizens that voted weren't the 'DUMB' ones it's the 'citizens' who didn't vote that are dumb as heck.
Canada's newspaper of record eh?Sorry Globe and Mail. You just ditched any shred of editorial standard or journalistic integrity you once may have had. I'll never check this site again. Serious. What a.... bunch of flippin tossers.
And why is there suddenly a "former student" and "self-proclaimed friend of the Fords" standing in front of the Mayor's office labeling Killoran as "clearly an NDP socialist guy". Now Doug is using teenagers in his mud-slinging?
No all school boards suffer from the same problem? TDSB is just more problematic because of its size/.Small is beautiful.
They they should pay the extra costs out of their wages.
They don't have an effectice political group.
"The government is matching funds for the Holcoaust memorial - is that political too?" ----- 100% And yes, I knew. Thanks for asking.
Don't recall you registering any objections to Harpo's secret negotiations with China over the TPP nor his sell off of Nexen. Canada's Neville Chamberlain Con
Yup, outing the mayor on his possible crack cocaine use is just terribly irresponsible journalism. Get real. This is what the media are supposed to do, messy as it may seem to you.
And let's not forget Jordan Bateman of the 'Canadian Taxpayers Federation', whose risible single-issue politics further exactly zero progression and serve only as a vehicle to get his smarmy mug on television...
I can accept the notion that religion condemns adultery. I can even accept the fact there should be punishments for it. What I cannot understand, and what is even more frustrating, is that this ideology is applied only to (or on) women.
Nice comeback Bud! (and I'm not being sarcastic)
Old: Current U.S. federal debt is 16 trillion. I don't know from where you get the 25 trillion figure, or what you are even referencing it to.
Correction to my post: I was referring to WWII.
Just go to bed Rayjayjay. Its past your bedtime
Don't present facts to Trump supporters. Facts don't matter to "winners" where everything is going to be "terrific". The fact that Commoner is deluded enough to write what he/she is writing speaks volumes. Trump will sink the GOP.
really, truly desperate. sad.
You need to widen your circle. I don't think Harper is reviled near as much as PET was west of Ontario.
Seems like 'Champagne Socialist' is the latest catch phrase from the CPC playbook. The book that was written by Corporate Elitist Stephen Harper.
crownline - paid for the by the people of Canada illegally via Stephen Harper. This is the parochial mindset that drives our foreign policy. Immoral and ultimately self-defeating.
And where the money comes from and where it goes !!
Regarding the situation for millions of women in other parts of the world, most of Canada's left 'seems' to be ignoring it right now. Why?
American's used polite language and nuance to excuse years of slavery. Sometimes you have to call evil, evil. China and Taiwan are not the same country. Taiwan is separate. Time to acknowledge facts. No matter what the despots in Beijing think.
From that type of reply, one can only deduce that you must support totalitarianism as you have not explicitly condemned it. Your arguments, if you can call them that, are becoming ever more desperate. And I'm sure you'll throw that one back at me.
Voting NDP is illegal?'Bout time.
Oh, shut up, crybaby.
Lucky you. Try commuting from the 'burbs, like all the other plebs.
Look up "condescension" in your English dictionary. That's what you were trying there, and you don't qualify. Equating the oligarchy in Russia to the one in Canada is idiotic. Discuss. Hint: there is no oligarchy in Canada.
'IF and When Iran acquires Nuclear Weapons, will they use them against Israel?'Probably not, but when a sworn enemy who DOES possess nukes is urging a superpower to attack you as well as threatening you themselves, forewarned is forearmed.
What are y'all trying to do? Restore my faith in the community or something?
'While it's hard to imagine Prime Minister Stephen Harper doing either of those things ? pulling an ad or breaking into tears'.The Steve would simply retract his neck-bolts and shut down.
The Liberals and NDP would propose parkas for peace. The Coservatives (they are not PCs at the federal level) actually want to do something practical.
Las Vegas, Atlantic City, and Macau would have never existed without gambling.
How is Caledonia indefensible? The Crown tried to sell land that was under claim for over 25 years, and the Natives stopped it. That's a win, in my books, my boy.
So everything is not hunky-dory in the big European family. Is this the group Scotland is so eager to join and young Londoners are so despondent about leaving?
Gays can claim sexual harassment too.
Assad is at fault because he remains defiant and didn't step down when the self-righteous told him to. Uh-huh, why do I bother reading this tripe when I'm not sure who's payroll he's on?
Lady, where is your sense of humour?
Harper changed the system. No referendum, no nothing. The experts told him and Poilievre that they were dead wrong but they did it anyway.
Classic case of that in Alberta, where we ended up with the Dippers because we were disgusted with the PCs and Wildrose...
Hillary casts aside 4 American lives like day old bread. www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ka0_nz53CcM
A good series of articles could be the subject of how poorly qualified our present politicians are for their jobs.
Well said, 31 years for us.
Oh, heck! Two generations ago, many Americans didn't get any news at all! Gee, come to think of it, maybe they were better off...
A good, useful article from a deep-thinking columnist. Hopefully the Liberals take note.
Governing by worst case scenario. Catnips to the Conservative base. Not so much for the majority of Canadians.
But first it needs to get out of the 8th century.
I think many Canadians are learning a hard lesson; be very careful before trusting someone with your vote.
It seems everyone who disagrees with a liberal is as you put it ' dregs, the finger pointers, the malcontent and above all the pitiful, malignant, murderous racists' You just described yourself. Very ironic.
The People were ready, but Hillary owned too much of the Dem architecture.
Obviously the truth the G&M endorses corrupt Liberals doesn't sit well with the bought and paid for Liberals on forum manipulation duty tonight.
CSEC works closely with NSA and has been known to have spied on G20 leaders in Toronto.
a one-day week for five days' pay? How bout a one-day week for a half-day's pay!
No, they democratically elected a government. Just because you don't like the results doesn't change the facts. Fake news alert from the Alt Left!
We should care what the Arab states think about us? The ones that denigrate, abuse and restrict women? I care more about what mosquitoes think of me than those idiotic countries.
Them's numbers enough to excite the Conservative pamphleteer, sure nuf.
dirk: You raise good points. I admit that, and I probably know it a great deal better than you do.I just wish people would stop trying to jump to conclusions on these matters. It is anything but simple, no matter how much people wish it were simple.
Does that make her an 'enemy?' Seems to me that she pays taxes like everyone else does. She is entitled to her opinion too. Or do Conservatives have a problem with free speech?
Its easier for many to believe, particularly in the absence of other explanations. The rise of atheism parallels the rise of logic, reason, and science....and for good reason.
Exactly. Liberalism is all about feeling good about being human, so we've taught ourselves that the devil is dead and we are all beautiful, wonderful creatures except for the greedy corporatist capitalists who must be weeded out.
It would be nice if the left-wing would, like it did in the past, take an anti-war and anti-imperialism stand. The NDP and other left-wing parties are obsessed with climate change to the detriment of almost everything else. Sad and ridiculous.
Another capsized boatload of smuggled refugees from Libya. Put those 500 lives on Hillary Clinton's tab.
Would love to hear more elaboration on your points. Sometimes taking things down to their simplist form is needed to get rid of confusion or better yet to help make a decision forward.
How much of the income is spent on cosmetics, reinforcement gels, shoes and fancy dress? Just watch the ladies on TV, always changing hair style and wardrobes.
Part of the great dumbing down of Americans by the Republicans over a number of decades. They've been quite successful. Thank God it tanked when Harper tried it here.
"Maude Barlow was running around the country complaining that the FTA had a "secret clause" requiring Canada to have an artificially high dollar" Seriously? I had never heard that but it wouldn't surprise me.
listen to all of steve's apologistS making excuses for an incompetent government that ran A propaganda campaign to balance steve's budget and then failed to balance the treasury and left it bankrupt. olies propaganda is steve's failure.
Shhh, you'll wake the lefties up from their socialist dreams and back into reality.
Das Auto. A German vehicle that emits poison gas. hmmmm. Haven't we seen this before?
The Leap Manifesto has been around for a while. Just because the NDP seems to have discovered it does not mean it has anything to do with the NDP. Anyone is free to sign it. It has no party affiliation.
@BillG...What would you comment have been if this situation came to light in two months and the article stated that"JT" as you refer to Mr. Trudeau had been aware of the situation and had done nothing. Think about it.
there was nothing really wrong about stephen harper. Wha??
Asylum????This isn't remotely what this issue is about...
So after attacking Trump about his tax write offs, we find out that clinton on her 2015 tax return claimed a $699,000 dollar loss, to write off her taxes! Nothing but lies and hypocrisy from clinton!
It's called the Harpercon cult.
Who negotiates with political parties? No one, they negotiate with governments.
Actually immigration is very bad for the climate with planes going back and forth to Asia. Also Asia can use it's best and brightest instead of the west pillaging. Notice how the Liberal mafia never mentions that?
You can hear it when they refer to populists as "uneducated white men."
Say Something? Better say nothing and appear dumb than opening 'it' and removing all doubts.
When did you appropriate Canada?
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/donald-j-drumpf-statement-on-banning-canadian-immigration_us_57937237e4b0b3e2427c4cc5
So you are saying you agree with Mr. Gibson?
I am not sure why so many vituperate posts have been made regarding service clubs?
Pretty much a non-issue. If this copyright matter is the biggest flaw in the deal, the negotiators have done a masterful job of ensuring Canada gets favourable access to the trading partners of the Pacific.
Never heard it put that way. Interesting thought.
I do not think that such an experience is typical anymore. So this suggestion that the separate schools encourage sectarianism seems something of a red herring.
It is not so much 'noteworthy' as shameful to target minorities for populist, political gains. The silence of the usual Quebec separatist posters on these threads is also deafening. They deserve no respect for their behaviour on this front.
Hifiman - I hear you, but reading this piece you'd make the erroneous conclusion that only the CPC does this when all parties - LPC and the NDP as well, use the 10%ers.Focusing on the CPC only minimizes the scope of the problem.
There is a whole long piece on the emails.
WRONG... THEY REVEAL A CORRUPT GLOBALIST CRIMINAL WHO SHOULD BE IN JAIL
Another well put comment!
Greece has a GDP roughly equivalent to the state of Oregon. Time for a dose of reality.
Matt in your post replace the word 'Trump' with 'Trudeau'and then you will make sense
It's not Godwin's law in this case. Yours is a fallacists fallacy whereas the declaration that one's argument is Godwin's Law can be abused when the argument is comparing elements of Fascism.
What do you expect from a Liberal media shill.
It's not just Pramod Bhat (BTW not sure who that is), it is politicians across the board making stupidly crass statements including women politicians. But the kids are sitting at the India Gate in Delhi and refusing to budge this time.
I think this is a very perceptive and well-written article.
You wan to hear about a really big corporate scam? http://www.comer.org/content/AmendedClaimStatement26Mar2015.pdf
And one can assume you lived at home - always a dividend, Orderkaos. Mrs. P has nailed it, with serious input from the real world by Mike. Margaret's experiences are of another age.
This is how it used to be and still should be , so grateful to call Canada my home.
MEL CAPPE AND JANICE GROSS STEIN, let me guess: your side lost.
Herr Trudeau, ist das dictator.
I live in Canada, Earth Man. We have rights and freedoms in this country. Sorry if you don't in your own.
It's actually the exact opposite Rural voices would be guaranteed b/c their vote would be equal to the urbacn vote 1 voter = 1 vote. That's called fair
I believe he was talking more about the electoral college process more than anything. I could be way wrong though.
My assertion is that there is no evidence. It's up to you to provide it. What are your sources?
The Work Farce - I think you just about nailed it.
Liberals elected 29 MPs from Manitoba and west, so maybe not. Marc Serre IN Sudbury and 4 others in Ontario west of there. That's 34.
And remember that Liberals refuse to call out some cultures as barbaric!
?Socialist governments traditionally do make a financial mess. They always run out of other people?s money. It?s quite characteristic of them.? - Margaret Thatcher
Take your gong show to Lake Louise and tell all those losers the story.
Or Doctor Demento's perennial favourite: Chinese buyers responsible for high Vancouver real estate prices.
Nonsense Cassandra. Many countries and allies are involved. We have international responsbilities and can't hide behind mother's skirt when called upon.
How about answering the question asked rather than throwing up a smokescreen?
'fierce, combative partisans' are ruining Canadian parliamentary democracy.
...and Canada came out in support of Israeli bombing of Israel....why do we even ask
there are no guilty people in prison
from Berig in RochesterI take offense at that.
Different issue Aquaplant - government snooping should not be a growth industry.
"The number of upper management, in the public service, under Harper, has swelled." No wonder things work so well. 
American Oil interests don't want the pipeline, they would then have to pay World prices for it...so your post makes no sense at all...
Gee whiz. Seems that panic is setting in at the Globe. The sternly-worded anti-Trump lectures have been reduced to outright pleading.
We also have an abundance of uranium and thorium in this beautiful, bountiful land. We're so blessed.
The animals will have more common sense. They'd leave the humans alone and mind to their own business, unless the humans threaten them.
... and you seem to conflate Canada with 19th century England.
Corporate tax cuts are good to a corporate media.
The Supreme Court has mandated a liberal interpretation of the treaties. It is like contract law in which the benefit of the doubt might go to the weaker party.
Loved the final paragraph. I fully agree.
Maybe, the real lesson in all of this is when one listens to the likes of Repugnican denialist dinosaurs like J. Howard Pew and the Koch bros, they end up burnt in the end. AMEN
Don't burden Mr. Broadbent with the facts, or reality. 'Mo' Money is what it's about', because he KNOWS that Canada needs more people sucking at the public teat. It's all he knows, actually.
Your declaration IS basically the left-right paradigm. Communism vs. capitalism. You've clearly picked your camp. The camp that lost decades ago.
perfectly correct. The millions of dollars at stake for the media to survive, it would not let the war slogan die. Long live war mongers.
That particular study drew heavy criticism, both personal (which is irrelevant to its merits) and technical (which may indeed be relevant).www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0278691512005637
Methinks a large failure of Muslim leadership in the 'west' is by their silence to seemingly condone - or turn a blind eye - to extremism. This in turn damages the credibility of the Muslim community here.
With punctuation like that, it is obvious that this poster managed to locate his/her beer goggles last night. Perhaps a name-change to something like wallyj?165 would help with swerving around the lamp posts whilst entering text?
Let's not generalize too much about who was a Remain or Leave supporters. There were lots of well educated supporters of Leave and lots of lesser educated supporters were behind the Remain campaign.
Wrong - it is socialism ( in particular Communism ) that has caused the globe's worst pollution !
You seem pretty enthusiastic about hating Trump. Possibly because so much of what he has said is hateful??
Pro-immigration columns have been appearing since the PM-to-be said his party planned to assist 25,000 Syrian refugees. And that was before election day. Where ya been, Seebeedub? This is bigotry?
To scottdwho told the truth in the 3 lawsuits brought against Ford?
@Stephen: "I'm not a Canadian, albeit a Permanent Resident, and I think you've mistaken the depth of Mark's observation." You may be right in that assumption. Thanks for the correction.
Why should Ms Wente speculate on the motivation of the NDP MP?Who knows?
Not so fast, listen to this... http://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/news-video/video-employment-lawyer-ghomeshi-not-entitled-to-1/article21329701/#dashboard/follows/
SIMPLY & WELL SAID.
Very poor form by the PM. That kind of behaviour would have you immediately dismissed in any workplace. Ruth Ellen's flailing about soccer style was pretty amusing, however.
The question is just how do you provide the same services available in modern, urbanized, mainstream society, to people who don't live in modern, urbanized, mainstream society?
The 'citizens united' supreme court decision is a large part of the escalating $$$ involved in American elections
She's probably on retainer from the assembly of first nations. Just another attempt to grab more money from the taxpayers.
The only train wreck is the gravy train that the parasites are trying to get on again by getting Ford out of the way.
2016 did not 'crash and burn'. It is precisely this type of hyperbole that makes so many people skeptical of the media. Liberal/left/progressive spin obviously sells but it increasingly tiresome given the fact it is so yesterday.
No, that's humanism. Atheism is the lack of belief in gods. That's it.
What lowly perch? I am on a frecking mountain, and proud to say that I did not vote Liberal in October, 2015.
Sure, I'm the idiot when you're the one that wants to force people to inject substances into their body. What kind of whackjob supports giving the governmentthe right to violate our bodies? You're in no position to call anyone an idiot.
Joe, you couldn't care less about the refugees unless you can use them to bash Trudeau with. Transparent, all too transparent.
'white people' eh? You sound pretty racist.
I'm not thrilled that the Globe still gives someone like Tom Flanagan a public platform.
And if you pay them for full time work and they bar tend or serve during the weekends? What's the issue?
If I lived in a country where mean-spirited bigots from Brooklyn hold sway, I'd flee too.
It will not take much to see Canadians adopt the prevailing attitude.
Actually, quite different.
Persistent? Any ConTrolls need a dictionary? Hitler was persistent as is Isis.
Will Justin or Tom be any better?
Meanwhile, Harper is selling Canada to China. ---------------- you are selling canada to china by buying made in china cheap products
And you think Harper running around Europe making meaningless threats about punishing Russia show he has 'stones'? When you know the check can't be cashed the threats don't mean a thing.
It worked in the last federal election If Canada is fortunate it will work again.
... oh, and do you actually hold up Harper as the image of a 'real man'?That's hilarious!
I,ll take voter recall over anything else but will the 'experts'.
Well done my list is now reborn!
Tell us how you really feel....oh so predictable, your bias comes through as usual.
Aren't you the dinosaur!? Who says Christy Clark has been logging the forests as fast as she can. Total B.S. Go climb a tree somewhere else.
Thank you for that much needed comment!
Have a look at how much money Greece spends on its military. And how much it was forced to spend on security when it hosted the Olympics after 9/11.
And when the Toronto Star endorses the NDP again in 2015 it will be over for the Trudeau Adscammers.
This did not come from the left, from the 'haters', the special interest group, the whatever. Who will you blame now PM?
This is the dawning of the Age of Aquarius...
Perhaps, but that isn't an excuse to ignore her completely. Ontario holds more than a third of the nations electoral ridings. If Harper continues to ignore Ontario, he will realize the votes he had in 2011 won't be there in 2015.
I wonder if Rob Ford enjoys a good dog fight? Only thing that seems to be missing: He really ought to trade in the Escalade for a Hummer with the rotating hubcaps. If he's going to be top gangster in da hood he's really gots' to step it up YO!
yes twiglets 75% of men must deserve it huh everyone knows that 75% of men are garbage huh Are you starting to see the holes in your beliefs..?
I do jot understand the obsession withe the CF-18s as if that is the only military contribution on the table.
I hope on day for a effectual party like the National Front here in Canada. Im not ashamed to say I would vote for them.
So you are OK handing presidency over to a criminal who set Libya, Egypt and Syria on fire, is in cahoots with corporate donors and who is being investigated by the FBI? You must have voted for Wynne.
A pre-1948 social democrat, certainly. An early Saul Bellow.
plefebvre is what's known as a provocateur, QCO. Anything is grist for his mill.
They why did Mr. Harper, Mr. Duffy and Mr. Wright lie about it?
Yes the Lefty media's lies and slanders have been working overtime trying to prove this.
They call those 'Time Out Moments' for children.
Another Harper government can be avoided if the anti-Harper have the sense and fortitude to vote strategically (i.e. in ridings that are strongly pro-Liberal, vote Liberal and likewise vote NDP in ridings where the NDP is stronger).
Your first sentence makes sense. Too bad you didn't stop there. That last sentence is just absurd. Like everyone else in a free country a police officer is free to read any book, newspaper or watch any TV show he wants.
Ontario is also drowning in money, much of mis-spent. Ontario can stop funding what isn't working, and start funding what does work, without spending a single extra penny.
Spot on, l g .
I took no course from them -- I was a tutor. Everything I described I experienced personally.
I think the description I gave above on the subject of economic terrorism fits any rational definition. Don't you?
Some people have the God gene, others don't. Or so it seems.
The military are not "public servants" and are governed by the National Defence Act.
the state is not capable of coercion?
Don't cite your sources that is a concept she doesn't understand.
Obviouslty somebody who knows his (or her) inbreeding!
Yeah, we should have 'come to an understanding' with Hitler. /s
Farmers and consumers DO have a choice - but as usual teh shopping basket pushers prefer junk food and LOWEST prices !
Trumps debate performance improved, but so did Clinton's, so the bar was raised on both sides.
The Liberals were in power throughout the entire Sampson affair.
And you're an expert? What are your medical qualifications?? Did you even graduate from high school?
Killed by people who were safe where they were, but preferred risking the lives of their children out of greed.
The life expectancies listed are not for new borns, as the author has stated they are life expectancies at the age of 40.
Yup.... that's right. Go after the successful people. You know..... the ones that build large companies that create jobs, pay for peoples' mortgages and kids' educations. What did the Beatles do when their tax rate reached over 90%...... they moved (along with their record label).... to the USA. Think it through, folks!
Strategic votingNDP vote for LiberalLiberal vote for NDPand Harper takes it all
Skyofblue....do some reading.
Yet they are cleaning it up right.
It's not a coincidence that bigots try to make up history.
The Canadian government should follow Britain's lead and sell the service outright.
Your handle says it all.
Say, isn't don cherry a ' Prominent Canadian Hockey Analyst'?
Or being smart in exposing the contradictions of the other parties.
Update: they changed the headline, because it was in the worst imaginable taste. The article's still stupid. Don't give up your day job, Tabatha!
This whole 'Hudak is the Tea Party' is just negative campaign nonsense. If Hudak is the Tea Party, then Wynne is a communist. Her budget was just as left-radical as his was right.
Is fear of recognition by those in her former country as photos of Citizen ceremonies are published in the press for all of us to see ?
Ah, yes - having been properly excoriated for railing against a long-dead PM, you now switch to Chretien. No less preposterous - just a few less years out-of-date.
A little over 3 minutes... some food for thought! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p86BPM1GV8M
A blistering review. But at the prices asked, you expect good food perfectly cooked.
Margaret has once again exceeded herself! Well done!
We obviously love it. We keep voting them back in! What a bunch of pathetic losers we are here in BC!
I try not to read too much from the Roche man, it dulls the IQ substantially.
And what does the Trinity sacrament do, but make gays second-class citizens? Now they want government sanction of that idiocy?
Consultation is nothing but a sham... political window dressing, grip and grin exercisesproducing noting but sound bites and talking heads while the dictatorial Liberal scriptis being dusted off back in Bytown.
You forgot the one saying Breakfast is the most important meal of the day (its the worst if you're trying to lose weight) or that children should snack between meals (wrong)
Hello, CBC, NPR?
Care to prove him wrong, oh yeah I forgot it must be wrong because well you say it is wrong. More Liberal arrogance.
Losing with dignity is a lost art. Not to be found in articles penned by D. Saunders, E. Renzetti and M. MacMillan. Not to mention the shameful G&M editorial calling for defying the vote of the British people for Brexit on June 24.
She has a mandate right now. The liberals were given a mandate to govern as a minority and that is what they are doing.
I can't remember who said it. but some British wag quipped that no pleasure was worth giving up for a few extra years in a seniors' home. I'll drink to that
I see sarcasm. Read the last sentence.
Apparently you can't read, but then given that you clearly support Harper that is not surprising.
And mothers and wives are noticing that their sons are disappearing, after supposedly being on 'leave'--i.e., fighting in the insurgency that Putin pretends isn't backed by Russia. This is a nagging problem for the Kremlin spin doctors.
This from the editorial board that recommended we re-elect Harper. I don't follow.
The Logical Fallacy. No better practitioners than members of the conservative commentariat on the G&M boards. It's always a 'You hate dogs, therefore you must be a cat lover' sort of non-argument.
I'm really not sure that in today's climate these instances wouldn't be considered sexual assault. Or at least sexual harassment.
And if it's near tidewater you run the risk of polluting the coastline for many years into the future. Let's try to leave a healthy planet for future generations.
i will lie to you, raise your taxes, increase the debt, and make sure you vote for me brother.
Whole lot of denial and rationalization going on in your long comment - Harper couldn't possibly have a good policy, hence the rambling.
So why would the engineer stay in Canada if he/she has options in other countries with a lower tax rate? There are consequences to the governments actions.
It's true. Just need to speak with them for longer than 5 min. It'll come out.
We got rid of that poltroon. Time to get rid the current psychopath occupying 24 Sussex Drive.
Try watching the whole video and not just the parts parsed for release to the media. And this is nothing like Dr. Mengele
Time to stop getting other people to pay for what I use. Road pricing is the right policy to get the revenue we need for a more liveable Vancouver. Stand along a main artery and count the number of cars with just the driver.
I am touched by the concern expressed by the public sector unions.
After reading the article a corporate (or maybe it started in the military) saying comes to mind. 'The five P's' as they say, Poor Planning results in Poor PerformanceI've left out the other p in this comment....
In the 70's, girls wore tube tops and terry cloth short shorts and guys managed to graduate with good grades and no rape conviction.
What does all this mean for tourism? Will Canadians still be taking their kids to Disney World and American beaches? (My head is spinning from the main issues.)
Said it a thousand times Some people say the CBC is left biased Some people say the CBC is unbiased No one says the CBC is right biased Says it all
This is very simple. There should be provision for recall elections in Ontario municipal politics.
@DW1,To save space, I have included my reply to your above post with my reply to 'grompe'.
I'm a 5th generation Canadian, and I include genocide deniers as being part of what prevents us from moving ahead.
Politicians change their tune once in power, who would have thought, I think Orwell covered this theme in 'Animal Farm'.
The price of Ontario's slavery to corporations: tax cuts, rock-bottom taxes, big cash sequestered and sent elsewhere, added up to thel to the provincial deficit $Billions.
There are many comments here that advocate tax increases-GST & Corp. I'm one. The GST should never have been cut as one e.g..
It it wasn't for Merkel putting a blindfold on and allowing 1.5 million to walk through her doors alone not to mention she has been a mouth piece for uncontrollable immigration then I agree, brexit didn't need to happen.
Truth only sounds like hate, to those that hate truth.
But they don't have a right to billions of my tax dollars. Other than that, go live and do what you want without my financial support. Idle Forever More bros....
No not correct. No leader or cabinet minister has ever spent so much taxpayer money to be photographed as Mr. Selfie and his ministers. Get real.
What branch of government do you work for?.
the only election fraud the cons have plead guilty too was from 06, that took 5 years. the 08 election fraud charges are still being denied by the lying right wing political trash. 2011 is yet to come, but wait!
I guess that's why they are called the Con Party.
Anything that forces Trudeau off of his script is welcome. And these free and open debates will do just that. We'll see and judge for ourselves how Trudeau thinks on his feet... thats why we see some frightened liberal posters below.
Why does Obama have to take care of Africa????
In the Harper Government we have a splendid example of the Emporer without clothes. Despite the propaganda spewing out of the PMO, Harper's Goverment is the most incompetent in decades.
academic twaddle that your stephen harper has spent billions of dollars onwhy don't you try reading and enlightening yourself a bit
If Quebec separated would they still be Canadian citizens?
as naive as the liberal voters in Ontario I suspect.
I thought Mulroney would go down as the most reviled PM in Canadian history. But Harper was a man who had absolutely no redeeming qualities whatsoever. Good riddance to bad rubbish.
Spoken like a true off-roader. :)
Eyes-Open...The most ironic handle on the whole G&M site...
PIGS at the trough
A judicial change might fairly quickly end the open carry movement but you'd never be able to get rid of existing weapons without a massive home search and seize program which is highly unlikely.
go out and vote and end all this Hatefest, Mockfest it reflects on how low human nature can sink OLIVIA CHOW would not be part of this
As long as the Liberals and NDP split the vote, the Conservatives merely need to keep their base energized to win. This kind of playacting appeals to that righteous Christian crowd.
Eve Adams is just noise. Trudeau's recent mistake was supporting the Harper secret police bill. But of course you wouldn't mention that.
Nope. Just that perpetual drunks and embittered bible-pounding fundies are not fit to govern the country.
Ohhh, and these refugees would know that? Not sure the Globe has home delivery in the camps.
Wanna bet?
Who is picking up the rest? The government is borrowing borrowing and borrowing. Who will end up paying the 'tab' for all subsidies?
Alex. I must say your English is very good.
Incorrect. If you observed what he did to the farmers who supported the wheat and tobacco boards, you would have seen private individuals robbed and bludgeoned by government.
Exactly. The guy is an intellectual slob. He prides himself on being sloppy and crappy, and eejits think it is cool because he 'tells it like it is'What a farce.
The public is angry that their jobs have been sent overseas by the likes of Trump. They're just too uninformed to realize that Sanders is the guy who is more likely to Make America Great Again.
Yeah, everything bad that happens in this world is Harper's fault.
Another great article, Ms. Wente. And after all is said and done: Vive la diff?rence!
I think you are stretching the bounds of credibility by mentioning Bettman and honour in the same sentence!
We should start a 'Drivel of the Month' competition - I for one nominate this piece of embarrassing and childish tantrum - any other votes .-)
Well put duali.
This has nothing to do with racism OR poverty. It's engrained hatred.
And if we follow the logic presented in the article, shouldn't that introduction read 'They welcomes questions on...'? 'welcome' is the plural verb form. But now I'm just being silly.
Awesome! If raising your kids is well down your priority list, then you suck.
Thank you. It was always a false dichotomy to suggest that discussing global warming and its connection to increased forest fires was somehow incompatible with empathy for the residents of Fort Mac.
Well, if Kevin O'Leary decides to run for Tory leadership, you will have gotten your wish. The major difference between those two is that one doesn't have a combover.
What think tank? The Fraser Institute? Last I knew, access to BC Statistics input-output model was limited to government or crown corporation use. Would not trust the FI's numbers.
Banging right left and centre as one's raison d'?tre wears thin over time ...
It's just too bad they told him to come out.
Bill G - Trudeau suspended these 2 MPs from his caucus pending due process - that is the standard and just response in their regard.
to many rats in the cage...
It seems it's OK when it's a Democrat doing the deed.
Not the same family. I suppose you believe that Rob and Doug are worthy heirs to Henry Ford's fortune too? I mean, they have the same last name and everything.
Iran is a cesspool, even the americans and canadians that went there came back as sadists. let it rot. let Isreal rot too. leave Canada out of that BS.
Heh I thin you are on to something, lets get Butts butt out of there
JohnnyMar1, It seems the right of return for displaced Palestinian refuges was not offered during Arafat's time. en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Palestinian_right_of_return#Historic_attempts_at_resolution
Based on this editorial, but not just this editorial but the ridiculous opinions regularly put forth, editorial or editorially-directed, etc., this newspaper has gone batty, so politically correct to have lost all sense of common sense.
The only conclusion I can draw after reading Mrs Aziz is that these women deserve their misery.
Yes. Vote for the candidate most likely to oust a Con NP in your riding. Whether NDP or Liberal.
why does the same litany of grievances and anti harper rhetoric keep cropping up from a multitude of differently named posters.. puzzling n'est pas...
With all respect and empathy, Nigeria and Africa need to clean up their corruption, tribalism and willingness to kill each other for no good reason.
To be precise, I asked the Globe to report to the RCMP one poster who called for lynch-mob murder of Omar Khadr. The sublety may have escaped Ian C2222.
I agree with Rock'n'Roll.
I'm obviously(?) referring to assisted suicide laws that would compel physicians etc to assist with the suicide. The author is clearly advocating for such laws.
So you use stats from a white supremacist site. What could possibly be wrong here...
How nice for you.
One of the television reports about Howe's appearance in Saskatoon on Saturday said this would be his last public appearance. Given how dazed and disoriented he looked from the broadcast reports, I would agree with your comments wholeheartedly.
i doubt this manning 'thinkish' tank is non-profit, and is therefore not required to provide any of the details you seek.
The mouthpiece of Harperites? The Globe is unquestionably a 'left of centre' paper. Are they to never publish columns by right-of-centre authors like Preston Manning? Open your mind. Freedom of the press.
Still mired in "dept", I see.
Even buildings get old and unsuitable for use. I have an admiration for history, but realize that current imes require a change for those working or using this building. No problems with turning a page in history, no matter my fondness for it.
It would appear the Conservatives knew about this story well in advance and sprung it for maximum exposure. However, since the costs were approved by the DND the minister in charge should be the one on the hot seat.
It could be because the G&M is 'surprised' anyone is stupid enough to fall for it.....!!
The MSM love Obama and the Clintons.
Montreal should leave Quebec.
Politicians are sheep, they fear easily.
It's about time we had good quality dairy product available in Canada versus the socialist, watered down mediocre product that supply management puts on our grocery shelves.
Why do all the leftists assume that single parents receive no child support payments from the other spouse? Did they all marry deadbeats?
How did you come up with the $200 million dollar number? Honestly curious.
Rest easy, Harper will win the next election and just like Benjamin Yahoo he will repeal this legislation and blame his Finance Minister for this stupidity.
Oh pleeeeeese!'Progressive economics' is a union-financed flat earth society selling socialist snake oil to the blind and gullible. The policies they advocate would turn us into a basketcase like Venezuela.
I agree with your comments.
I think you're seeing correlation where none exists.
Dear Saskatchewan. Let's talk trade. You get our Premier, we get yours. AND -- We'll let you win the Grey Cup!
I know of no conspiracy.
Google it and you'll see. It is not my job to bring you Conservatives up to speed on issues!!
Except that Mr. Ibbitson is being paid for his opinion and is coming off a fellowship from a think-tank. It seems that all Mr. Ibbitson learned from his time at the think tank was that he has to start lining up his next high paying gig.
I bid $2 million!(This time it's different!)
...and in Europe: '''Europe's Jews are 'living in fear', warns head of EU parliament'''
Are you saying global warming causes earthquakes?
Nigel, Well done.
What will become of the 'special mayoral assistants'?
In other words not the end of civilization as we know it as some on these forum have been and still are groaning about for the last couple of days.
But I see you two gentleman are not up to a intelligent rebuttal
I third the motion. I note both commenters have U.S.-styled monikers. Probably not a coincidence. I'm not sure I've ever met a Canuckistani who wasn't he//-bent on bankrupting the country with ever--expanding state spending.
Who is this Rob Ford guy you are speaking off again? I don't seem to see him in the media anywhere?!
'Do you think Curitiba, Brazil would want Toronto's decaying subway system and outdated street cars'Love Curitiba - such a cool place
The loud mouth dead beats won't pay to read other people's opinions, or to have theirs made known, no real loss.
I inherited it from many generations past, all of whom worked hard so their descendants would have a little easier life. Our descendants should expect the same, but what they'll be saddled with is a large federal debt with little to show for it.
I love the smell of mostly dopey comments in the morning.
Breaking News: As of late Thursday, the BC Ministry of Advanced Education has rescinded previous approval for TWU to create Faculty of Law and offer law classes. Ms. Dueck's plea comes a bit late, and is apparently a bit short.
Danielle who? A cry baby diatrabe from someone who was so out of touch with voters. One thing she did not mention. If she wasnt so politically foolish, she would be Albertas new premier. cheers
??? My child's school has a Christian prayer room. So do lots of public schools. You are badly misinformed
This law was brought in by the Liberals in 1993.
Hello Justin Trudeau!
Interesting dilemma for social conservative Republicans who now have to tie themselves in knots to say tolerance for gays is a western value that they have to uphold....
wynne is well on her way to doing just that...
what civil unrest would that be ? A handful of neer-do-wells and a few rich inviromentalists? pay off the extortionsts and ignore the rich fruitcakes and get er done
That stuff is wayyyyyy old!
Indeed it is, but that is because Canada is all about immigrants... not so European countries...
Strategic voting is utter nonsense. It doesn't work on this scale. Never has. Doesn't exist. It's the adult version of Santa Claus.
This is an example of a fake news site that Trump needs to form a committee for and start to list out and then disconnect from the internet.
Mindless trendos.
The many forest fires in BC and Saskatchewan must be emitting a lot of CO2. How much CO2 can forest fires emit? Anyone know?
If we really want to honour the fallen. Give the money to veterans who are not getting it from the federal government or adds and lobbying to get the government to live up to it's responsibilities
More evidence (as if more evidence was needed) of the depths to which much of American culture has descended. Culture... politics---the country is going downhill fast. Unfortunately, we live right next to it.
Sageantoine - Karen Stintz is a fiscal conservative so she could easily pick off those voters as could John Tory if he enters.
...and that's just smoking it!
So you think protectionist trade policies bring wealth ?Your lack of understanding of economic history betrays you.... see the 1930s for a lesson.
Except that it's never worked. Or perhaps you were being satiric?
Premier Clark loves them too.
So you are holding to the opinion that anyone who disagrees with you is ignorant? Maybe you should look in the mirror.
DASMAN, You are probably one of the few people that understands why this is not particularly great news for Junior. And that includes about two thirds of the MSM and 100% of the Harper hating forum warriors.
You are confusing being anti-religion and racism.
Excellent one - Jim was not really lying at all. ;-)
Isn't Cherry a member of the Rogers Media brigade?
...Kathleen Wynne is doing far far more damage to Ontario than Rob Ford could ever dream of doing!
I enjoyed this article. It is great to discover what happened to this crew with historical evidence. In a day to day life you forget that we are all just dust in the wind.
I believe that the questions you ask are ones that a general election campaign is supposed to answer.
Dr. M didn't say vaccines don't 'work'. He said they can work but we don't fully understand the risks. He also said we need to find better ways than inoculation to administer them.
They are yes men & yes women chosen and appointed by Harper ... the buck should stop with him, if he had any decency !
My guess, is that this was a practice. Good for the doctor for running a business. I whonder how many employees were supported and more importantly, how many patients were helped.
Dozes and dozens of innocents died in 2015 in France because open borders allowed battle hardened terrorists to enter or in many cases renter France easily
Using terms of more than one syllable, please explain where Suzuki has not made the point that party does matter, but that ideology should not outweigh science.
You're way under on a good, breezey day around the Great Lakes. And check out Germany - before you go cosmic.
Umm, isn't Britain *already* part of the EU?
Conservative fear mongering, u'all need a new line...
You mean the Red Star.
The funniest part is Jay thinks he's fooling people.
Go ahead Grandstand all you want - just don't expect to do it outside of Canada and still be protected by Canadians
50 Shades of Stasi.
Pffftttt... whatever !
Kicking the problem two years down the road solves nothing.
as an ethnic Chinese, I can also say that I detest and protest the Chinese Communist Party. I pray for the day when China's citizens can be freed from the tyranny of the Communist Party and embrace democracy...
Doug is so filled with liberal guilt BUT does he have to infect the rest of us? Doug should write for a leftist rag and not G and M is he the token leftist?
Obama tried to be a Bush but he could not his hand was forced - he gets no credit
You've learned your lines well. All on the left is good, all on the right is bad. Todays "thinking" liberal.
Inadvertently, you also identified one of the biggest impacts of this vote. 'England will be better than ever...' and 'Britain will get control of its country....'. Too bad that England may be all that is left of Britain'.
Swimmer: Your reading skills need some work. The number of people who vote for Harper is not a majority.
Freedoms bring responsibilities...
I'm 'avoiding facing the truth'. Someday, people like me will be assembled in stadia to face the truth in great climate change rallies. There, Truth will be presented on a very large screen while we hail those who have saved the planet.
Organized crime - eastern flavoured.
or when you expect a level playing field for all people you will be called a racist.
ISIL are NOT the original protestors.
Political pressure from the Wynne government.
Or French.
You make sense, Mr. Picard. Common sense makes a better argument than the governments' fairy dust argument that to legalize assisted suicide would change society's 'respect for human life'.
I wouldn't use the word boring, how about: Or go back to disfunctional (HC wins but not the Senate)or go to chaos (I shudder to think of DT in office with a Republican Senate and Congress)
Yes, climate change is why I'm voting for Justin Trudeau - so I can light up a joint and forget about all my problems! As long as I get my welfare cheque from Alberta oil what do I care about my country being run by a drama teacher?
I have been on 'auto moderate' for months now here.
How much of the money exchanged goes into Uber's pocket? That's how much is sucked out of the local economy, for doing essentially nothing.
I envision the change you speak of. Americans living in caves dragging women around by the hair. An AK 47 in every cave, with lots of ammo for' fuedin' with your neighbor. Killin in the name of God!
you certainly don't know Egypt
Clarification of prior post: Sensors (either IR or pressure sensors in driver's seat) would be necessary to block only the driver, not passengers from not responding)
Not trying to tell you how to live. I simply disclosed my age, gender and religion. It's a forum. People should express their opinions. That's what I did.
You want to see a woman wear a bikini at a citizenship ceremony. Come on, there are dress codes everywhere and this ceremony should not be any different. Harper, by the way, is now way ahead in the polls.
However, if you happen to be white and say this....look out!
Spot on, Canada Goose1
'Hippocratic' ? like, they're doctors? I sure wouldn't trust any of them with a scalpel.
Konrad the Con evaluating health care needs, and like Steve's solutions for pensions - let those who earn enough save - it's to be a deprived public health care system that takes all those who are unable to buy no-waiting services.
All I can think about when reading about Hilary is the similarities she has with Kathleen! Gives me the creeps.
Right on the money.
The opposite is actually true.
There was a genuine victim in this case. She should bring a civil action against the criminal, and she should get damages which could be paid out of the equity in his condo. There's absolutely no reason why the government should get it.
frankphi, I'd vote for you in a nano second. Truth and Honesty are in such short supply. Your writing tells it Exactly how it is and just one reason why our country is in trouble.
Let companies train the people they are hiring if they don't have the skills already. Maybe then, they will hesitate to let them go so quickly because of the training investment.
The Chinese have been purposefully devaluing their currency for decades. They seem to realize that a competitive advantage is a competitive advantage. And they seem to have done well with it.
There is no 'peace' on this one princeed8.
I thought Ruby was the high priced lawyer.
I'm willing to learn. Would you vote for me?
Uh huh. Irreversible mess. From this very paper on July 18: 'First quarter results for 2016 show the Ontario economy growing at an annualized rate of three per cent, the highest in Canada and all G7 countries.'
If you're borrowing for infrastructure, it should be positive NPV projects. Ones that will bring in more tax revenues via economic growth. Rec centres don't do that. You can spend on all the nice to have nanny state items once you turn a surplus.
Somehow I doubt that the New Premier is up to fixing Native Issues in Manitoba as he has suggested he wants to save Money!
name calling, how juvenile.
At least Provinces have been taking steps even cities on their own assets, the vacuum in the Federal Conservative party , the lack of leadership and strategy will leave their legacy in tatters.
it hasn't been a 'billion' a year in ages... Cons made sure of that.....time to erect a new straw man Savage
@expat,At $4000 per year x 30 years $120,000 was paid in.Indeed you did pay a fair share... for $4000 per year of withdraws, amortized over a 30 year retirement. Entitled people like you make me sad.
Good point. My remarks weren't directed at Ford's competence as mayor. I was commenting on attitudes towards addiction.
The FN claim to be independent nations - therefore one would think they might take their education seriously. As for common sense prevailing - one might wonder about that ...
this country is a pile of corrupt crap in which every single politician, intelligence agency, military official, economic group and religious group has SOLD you out and you know what when it comes you will never know.
Barley5, not too different from other nations then.
Delusion -That's a big word Bill.
texass you mean.
Until yesterday, I never knew that it was the central bank's job to prop up Canadian house prices.
Is this anything like cancelling the f35 will devestate the aero space industry when it counts for about 2%?Lies, lies and more lies. I think they actually believe it.Heave Steve and all his bible thumpers
Actually, you do have to be a subscriber to post.
This is what the source is, not Trump: http://www.gspellchecker.com/2016/06/what-are-some-people-saying-about-the-orlando-shooting-in-arabic/
Well of course the Conservatives think it's okay if Harper does it, but go nuts if Trudeau does the same thing.
'The west' What is this 'west' you speak of?
The MSM asks no questions of Derharpenfuhrer mainly because they are paid by Big Oil not to and secondly because he would never answer them.
Absolutely, one thumbs up for you.
What happens when you want to cross the border?
Dear AlbertansYes, we feel your pain, and wish you well. Remember, misery never lasts for ever. This Easterner will never say ?let those western baaastards freeze in winter?. You are valuable to us in good times and bad. Get well soon. Best wishes.
Dignity is not defined by what you carry in your pocket, surely?
Harper meant Duffy could be the Senator from PEI and fit the PEI quota even though he lived in Ontario because he is from PEI and had a vacation home there but Harper did not mean he could make expense claims as if he were living in PEI in actuality
Done your shift at wall mart already. How much money did you send home to China this month?
This isn't about Liberals, Conservatives or the NDP. This is a nationwide discussion. No party in power made this change province wide at any time and currently no party plans to. Not sure why you went on an anti-Liberal rant.
I agree. Much better than his anti-Harper and anti-Alberta rants.
Luckily Bettman saved Calgary and Edmonton, or else they'd both be down in the States too. Oh, nobody wants to acknowledge that.
culminating no doubt with another endorsement. jeez, what is it with you guys? never happy unless you get your way on everything.
Care to place a bet? As long as there is a market for oil, there will be a market for Alberta oil. Now that it looks like internal efforts at a blockade will fail, that is a lock solid guarantee.
Hopefully, ISIS is losing sleep due to the deafening roar of low-flying military aircraft and the unsettling delivery of laser-guided munitions inside their perimeters.
Trump also stated that gay marriage should be made illegal, and backed governors that tried passing legislation that would allow discrimination against gays.
Do you have any qualifications in climate science, EdB1?
Another one jealous of the rich, did the toronto star send you over
Actually, many of these studies do control for number of hours worked and so on.
Will nicely done, you are one of the few (only) to be able to express this without an overwhelming thumbs down. Nicely done.
This article is such a pile of steaming sophomoric sycophancy, at first I thought is was a Globe editorial. But no, someone actually put their names to this.
"Look, listen, let me clear..."
Who's scientists though?
Vliegende: "insisting that more of our resources are refined/ processed in Canada" Not by Harper, who has been shilling for pipelines to export raw bitumen.
@Gibson, you are paying more for Canadian milk, much much more. But you go right ahead. Not everyone wants to follow in your footsteps.
I'm beginning to think that the Globe will ever get over the last election.
The only difference is that it is at least difficult to recognize what is legit and what is just fabrication. The G and M may have flaws but the intention is to be accurate. Some other sources may have the complete opposite intention.
I was thinking password manager. Mac has one, but I suppose that can be hacked too.
Under international law his country of origin must take him.
Not sure about that. Without leverage on something important, it would just be the sort of polite protest that's easy to ignore. ['Excuse me, sirs, but this is not optimal.'] So, if not leverage on the financial industry, then on what?
Marx, That is obviously not true, and it says a great deal about you to even suggest it.
An exercise in irresponsible futility ....
Been there, done that.
why? because we love him and that he is a real person with real people issues not some lefty who thinks they represent the people
Dieter, It simply won't do anymore for the Harper party to stick out their tongues and say but the Liberals did it too. The Harper government was to be different, right - but alas it isn't..........
The number was on the odds of him winning - not his polling number.
stop whining
'...it is now time for the Conservative government to rearticulate what it has to offer the people, and why it deserves to win the next election.' Of course, this won't stop The Globe from reflexively re-endorsing Harper in 2015.
First you will have to defeat them!!!! LOL Harper is going to school Trudeau and the Liberal party like we have never before witnessed. Mark my words!!
What is the difference between occupying a land and building a country? Land and nations were here before europeans.
All good questions. The roots of the CPC's defeat were in its policies and they will not win another election until they address this.
I don't understand why a male's gender identity confusion becomes a woman's burden. How is that fair?
It's an issue in sports, not politics. Your anti-Russian obsession is becoming McCarthy-like. You might want to seek help.
You assume that Mr. Li is nuts ?
More doesn't mean new.
No, too many vowels, there....
She was seen by the Italian soccer coach and is now giving lessons.
Rick, Tar sands was incorrectly attributed to the Athabasca oil sands because of a miscontrued equivalence to a similar and more viscous product from California which is indeed a Tar Sand. The McMurray is an oil sand.
Oh, wow. Give it a rest.
Why the extremes with your thinking? It seems to me, with you its either conversion therapy or full on transitioning with no middle ground. Full on transitioning is in itself just another form of extreme conversion therapy
not going to read the hate spiel from this lunatic but I bet there is some stuff about sexism as well... oh and the racism thing as well.
You are inserting a straw man about opinions. I'm talking about deliberate, calculated dishonesty and I mean that, not his opinions.
In air combat there is no second place. You win or you die. Are you prepared to send our troops into combat with inferior weapons? I am not.
comcon, your comment provides no reasoning as to why you believe people should not have children after a certain age (which you also didn't state).
Yes, Hitler and Trudeau. The similarities are obvious now that you have pointed it out. (Rolls eyes.)
So you don't like Russian nazi groups, but you're cool with Ukrainian ones?
Just as Jesus came to clear the money lenders out of the Temple so will Justin clear the neocon fascists from Ottawa!
Climate, Klem. Climate.
Using Flanagan's logic, Ontario should have left the arrangement and the union decade's ago when it was carrying the weight of have-not provinces like Alberta.
None of them have a base from which to seek support if he pulls it out from under them. The issue with a party created by one guy.
I hear you, sister.
Indeed. The Tories are playing fast and loose with the Charter these days. We especially need to protect the freedom of expression of those people whose views are considered offensive by many.
And what, exactly, does Toronto have to offer that compares to two millenia of culture? Just about everything the city does is an imitation of what has been done elsewhere.
It must be a very peaceful place then, being majority comprised of the two major sects of the religion of peace.
What if Hillary wins with 96% of the vote like the Ukraine Crimean referendum?
to Just me - you like dictatorships do you?
I don't know, but he was not trying to discredit their theories. Mr. Mason was.
Not at all patronizing.
You're not a peasant, but sometimes people will disagree with you. Ah, adulthood
What people like you are saying is that it is too much trouble so we will just keep the Senate the way it is. Why blame Harper as at least he is attempting to do something about this government waste. The waste being the Senate!
Wales is celebrating too!
wonder what they said about robo-con harper
Of course Canadian have one of the highest life expectancies in the world. So it would seem you are precisely wrong on this.
What about the working poor. Those who barely make enough money to cover basic necessities. Where do they get the money to pay for prescription drugs?
The best I can wish ms WYNNE is that she burn in hell.
Lawrence, maybe he's an American immigrant - senior citizen who prefers our health system to theirs.
One sure winner for the opposition would be a promise to dump income splitting.
Harper advisor Tom Flanagan is a multi-year subscriber to the NAMBLA newsletter... an organization dedicated to advocating for young boys to love men. I'll take a name caller any day of the week over people like that.
You really should read his work.
The Conservatives, like the NDP, had already said that they would have cancelled the power plants and would have been stuck with the same costs, so it wasn't worth wasting too much oxygen excoriating the Liberals.
It would be interesting to get a $ sign on the total cost of Dallas case, when dusts settles.
You forgot that you should also tell them it is GMO and smart meter / wifi free too.
No one shes a jew they get first class treatment even when they suck
Did you get the knives arranged to your satisfaction son?
There are several hundred sailors at the bottom of the South Atlantic whose world was not changed for the better by Margaret Thatcher.
actually in every state in the US, one has to have a firearms license in order to buy a gun. No license is necessary to buy a car, only to drive one. However , in the US everyone has a right to both a drivers license and a firearms license.
Yet god help you if you are an educated White male in this country that is not bilingual . You will NOT advance in the Federal government of this country
Those aren't opinions stated by Moseby -- they are facts. You can claim the facts aren't true, but you'd still be wrong. The Harpers have been sabotaging the committee process since day 1. Just one example among piles.
Didn't he more or less say it was more or less a rough guess?
"Canada is regarded as extremely well-governed ..." By whom?
Hey, low information Barry - the mangled apricot hell beast is flaming out like Kahoutek.
Based on the lies told by the ruling Republican Party, or at the very least a broad disinformation program designed to create an illusion of fact. How can you possibly not get that?
Are you suggesting that if someone else is stealing it's ok for you to steal?
or that other left-wing Canadian senator with the much younger bimbo wife who threatened to kill him during an alcohol-fuelled rage... not the type of mile-high action he was hoping for
Very true. This article really is rubbish.
I agree with much that you say. However, there are alternatives to our public school system, such as private schools and home schooling.
...NO KIDDING!!! Canadians are not stupid. Harper government has pushed Canadian behind in many areas,...especially internationally. TIME TO GO!!!
Um, what? French mainstream media doesn't 'spew out hate', and Jews have been very well integrated into French life post WWII.
The transfer of wealth to the public sector workers continues.
Khadr is a real Canadian Hero after undergoing torture at the hands of the Civilized Americans and spending years of illegal incarceration at their offshore Black Hole prison in Cuba.
All postersMight I suggest that the target of a post be at the start of the post. That would make it clear who the post was meant for.
You would need strong leadership committed to this fight. Do you know where we can find a leader like this?
Relative went to A&W twice in the past month and each time had to repeat the order (she has excellent diction) 3 x. One order was still wrong. Leaves you with mixed emotions when incompetence comes with a smile.
You want regressive taxes because they transfer wealth to the rich from workers. I want progressive taxes because they transfer wealth from the rich to workers.
'Whatever the case, what choice do the Israelis have but to clamp down?'======Make peace, obviously.
You are wildly overestimating the number of people who would even care about the monument, and probably underestimating the number of those who are aware and untroubled. And, your last point, is... weird.
If Wynne is on, Horworth would not likely take her down. But if she does, Liberal will suffer a landslide defeat. It depends on Andrea Horworth would like a PC majority or Liberal minority. Which one do you think she perfers most?
Russia is absolutely using fuel supplies as a trump card. All the more reason for Canada and the US to step up as reliable and secure sources of natural gas and other fuels.
Oh dear, what a lot of blather.
No such thing as "Gaia", it's a fairytale - sorry.
Hillary Clinton voted for the Iraq war. She's just a different abyss.
Be careful, Coderre ( LPC bagman of yore ); you won't get equalisation payments from the ME and Nigeria.
I'd watch it.
I always thought it was maybe driven by the climate - the slabs distribute heat more efficiently. Finland and Russia seem similar - maybe not so suburban.
It is no doubt an edifice to 'Discovery Math' !
Other countries? Well in Newfoundland they shot them all. I say write one more cheque and they're on their own.
cross the floor to the Bloc ? Are you kidding , you mean cross the field of ruins to sit with an empty shell of a party thats doesn't even have official party status
Then why do we have to pay nearly $29,000 per year to resettle them?
o'leary doesn't have a hope. conservative or liberal? apparently he doesn't know the difference. and, even though he grew up in Quebec, he doesn't speak french
Who wants to work all their life, till they are almost seventy. I hope the author has the same outlook when he turns sixty five, rather than being a champion for how the nations funds hold out over the years. How silly.
Great column as always.
'Africa is a rich country' ........................ Wow, and we're supposed to take your word for it? Ever been to Africa?
And you would have done what .. ?
I fart whenever I want........just cannot control it.....When you say, Wynn I fart....when I read Wynn, I fart, When I see Wynn on the TV, I fart
"Don't actually believe it, but the G&M is now censoring my comments" Shades of Trump
"and Parliament derives its mandate from where?" So let Parliament fulfil its mandate.
Keller, Simpson comes by his Harper bashing honestly. He has been a Harper basher since the year dot.
Yes its a waste of time, energy and money with corrupt officials fixing games. The soccer is boring too. Well its soccer.
Wedge politics: Marois and Harper have a lot in common.
Wrong. The election isn't a method to allow an invasion and continual treason.
I understand your point, but Mandarin is not really an international langauge. It is used in China.. English is being taught in China. you'll do fine with that.
No, carbon tax is one of several solutions. What?s yours?
Yes, right on, keating. There are a lot of myths out there about aging that need debunking.
While we're on that subject, I doubt we'll ever see Keef planting a kiss on Sir Mick's famous lips before a show...
lol lets wheel out Mike Harris next.
LOL Moti & Patient
A lot of nervous chatter and wishful thinking from the anybody but Ford crowd. Looking forward to Ford's re-election.
Interesting that an article about women being oppressed has so few comments, eh?
You mean Ford believes that Chow will keep her word? Not sure that she wants or needs Jabba's endorsement, Bruce.
Couldn't care less if Trudeau is a hero or scoundrel in Quebec. That isn't the point. The point is, there is always the potential for the army to step in. Read the Emergencies Act.
I'm afraid it's becaue a goodly number of them - particularly south of the Mason-Dixon - cannot stand the man't colour, basically.
and the ethnic outreach is an old stragety. the BC Liberals did the same crap last election in BC. a memo of them admitting it ended up getting leaked
Its called agenda 21 folks. You need to research it. And quickly.
Make it $1 billion and people might listen to him. But this blowhard doesn't have that kind of coin.
These oolls mean nothing. All of them are self-selecting and not randomized plus subject to hacking by outside parties. I will wait for the official polls, thanks.
Tom Bernis - didnt take you long to become incomprehensible. Quit while youre behind.
Apparently in your anti-Trudeau hysteria you can't grasp this issue. Shocker.
Same old tired string of lies carefully crafted to conceal an enormous string of lies.
Not with a majority.
' those things that made this country a real alternative to the US, have largely disappeared in the past ten years'Such as??? You know how to manipulate Canadians through your shallow flattery.
Hmmm... based on recent events, I wouldn't be too public about your love of birds, Margaret. I seem to remember a group of amateur ornithologists got themselves on the Harper Government audit list for being a bit too forward about their interests.
Harper has the sense to stay out of it so the NDP and Liberals can stew in their own juice.
My ancestors disassociated themselves from the oppressive yoke of status generations ago. Proud tax paying Canadians ever since and have absolutely no regrets BEING CANADIAN!
Do you find it ironic that so many Americans venerate the advice of Chairman Mao?
'What worries me is that gaming creates a situation where the kids don't interact directly with each other. '.....or the real world.
Mr Underwood, I sincerely admire your work in eliminating embarrassing allies and troublesome journalists. You and me could be yuuuuuge together on the hustings. Donald Trump
He is still working on how to control space and time to fix the economy. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o86n3MJxarc
Yes.. agree 100% Depends on the Canadians you are talking about.
She may not be a legitimate refugee and thus may loose her citizenship . She should step down from cabinet until it can be sorted out .
Only the ugly girl seals.
Absolutely right!
I think you missed the point of the question entirely.
It's telling how the prejudiced right wingers posting here are content to know nothing but declare they have all the answers. What a bunch of sanctimonious narcisists.
It's not about Trudeau. He didn't create the current situation.
No, very reasonable indeed. A sensible deal which has brought peace to the education system and lets all of us get on with other issues. The hatred for teachers is one of the worst signs of the growing far right we see out there.
This is why I read the Globe and Mail. World class and sensible opinions. Thank you.
Govt white collar.
That is true, but it is wrong to shun those who do not always follow the consensus. Look what it did for Copernicus.
Road rage will only get worse.
And has continued with Obama, Chretin, McGuinty, Wynne and now Trudeau
For example, if I pay money to a friend for gas for carpooling, they are also not 'sharing'.
Wow, didn't even bother googling her name....
There is no effort to stigmatize whiteness. Just to talk about what the word means. We have no problems speaking of Blacks, Asians, Hispanics or Natives. Why should we no be able to speak of Whites.
The BC Liberals have been trying to scare gullible sheep in B.C. since their old Socred days. Remember old Bennett's 'The Socialist horde is at the gate!'Famous fearmongers the whole lot of them.
Your comparison of housing to manufacturing makes no sense.
why did you not post this under 'better late than never'How do you choose which name to use?
Amazing how the armchair generals don't understand this, tickytl.
Nope, it's all Harper's and Flaherty's economic genius.
Do you take Trumps inability to speak in coherent sentences as some kind of plus?
A vote against narcissism by voting for the world's greatest narcissist? I want what you're smoking!
What elected government position does Preston Manning currently hold? None.
Saudi Arabia has very little in common with Canada and is our 'ally' only because we are reliant on their oil. 'Canada Trades Oil for Women's' Rights' could be another title for this article!
The Work Farce - Honest, compassionate Canadians need to support Bernie Sanders. Why - do we get to vote in the US presidential election?
Revisionist Canadian political history is usually biased and too generous. I would like to revisit the Airbus Kickback allegations and those envelopes that KS gave an ex PM.
Bill Bennett, the hypocritical Virtues Czar.
Frank, One, in the US, people living in Little Italy were part of the mafia. Was that ok because they were Caucasian? Many irish in the US supported IRA terrorists. Again, ok because they were european?
re 'Women like these are highly educated with full-time careers (and then some). They work like dogs.'And, as another successful working woman, Lily Tomlin, observed: ' who cares if you win the rat race - you're still just a rat.'
Especially if that joy includes living your parent's basement. But then on the bright side, maybe their parents will have someone there to help them in their old age, although I wouldn't bet on it.
Knowing what a man of his word our Peter has proven to be, what makes you think that the Grits would touch him with a barge pole?
Case in point - extending the Subway to Vaughan when so many other areas in Toronto are more deserving of a subway. Like Liberty Village for instance.
Is this today's talking point? Delivery authorization?
Yes! We need a Muslim Hockey League to hate.
Mean spirited PM, mean spirited government, send theses reforms home, they have no vision for Canada.
Unlike Harper who stuffs it with industrial cronies and "friends of the party"? Every party has always used Senat and Ambassador appointments to "pay off friends". Nothing to see here.
The Globe really thinks readers should pay for missives from partisan insiders posing as pundits. But I hear readership is declining.
Nice try, but fail as a force-fit.
Now! Now! Nothing can be as BAD as O-bummer-Care.QED.
Perhaps Harper should actually do something that 'deserves respect'. Just a thought.
Harper may be lonely, bu he has the satisfaction of being able to tell his fairy tale evangelical god that he has succeeded in being in the still short history of Canada its worst and most destructive prime minister.
Progressive, clearly you eat a lot of curried eggs. Get the picture?
You really gotta love conservatives. You see, they con- to serve themselves...
Very few world leaders are women therefore it makes the news.
Bernie Sanders is cool, as is Elizabeth Warren - far cooler than most in Tweedledee and Tweedledum
Wow. In intelligent comment! Reading these silly nostalgic comments such as the ones above, I truly fear for the future of our nation. What a confused gutless society we have become.
This reminds me of 1980-1982 when when we had a Prime Minister Trudeau and mortgage rates hit 22% and the highest number of mortgage foreclosures in Canadian history. And it reads like a high school essay from a 15 year old student.
This is not an endorsement of Donald Trump, but he did not introduce trash talk to society. Society has been rude and vulgar for quite a while now. People can be a real pain.
Globalisation is also a benefit to everyone who shops at WalMart & Costco etc. Without the consumers desire for more for less these stores wouldn't exist
You're correct, our current prime minister is twice the man and more of a Canadian than Pierre Trudeau was. Trudeau was a silver spooned socialist that rode around with a Nazi helmet and walked through China because his family's money protected him.
So censorship can only occur in the public domain? How do YOU define censorship?
I wonder why, with all the video/audio evidence, he isn't raking leaves in an orange jumpsuit. Certainly some systems are at play that we don't know about.
Margaret Wente is not a quantitative, numerical sort of thinker. In one of her past columns ('What I learned at university') she had the following remark, perhaps more revealing than intended: 'Logic humiliated me.'
If the roster of candidates remains the same, and Ms. Chow does enter the race, don't like Mr. Tory's chances. Too many reasonable candidates on one side of the political spectrum, too many choices for the centre right voter.
Expanding on your comment: Every election, both Democrats and Republicans start with certain states that they will win no matter what. Gerrymandering has reached such a state that approximately 20% of the voters really decide who will be president.
Did you predict he would win? If not, what worth do you think your prediction should be accorded now?
As usual the latte crowd are lining up to spend other people's money and none of their own.
tumblr, hey? Couldn't find anything on the twitterverse? Hey did you find out what the Beebs had for lunch?
You cannot expect to hear much about or from social democracy in a business paper, joe bloagh's point, above. The paper may have to do a juggling act between committing to Tweedledee or Tweedledum before the next electoral battle.
Three scenarios and two concluding sentences that both start with maybe. Certainly an opinion piece and little more.
They are not 'Nations'.
Dion speaks to leftists but it is so pretentiously intellectual his audience is lost
You claim there are gross exaggerations here. Yet, you do not cite a single one. Do you have a 'real case'? It would seem not, because you made a sweeping statement, then obviously deliberately neglected to back it up.
Yes it is called two tier medicine and it works well all over the world except in Canada, North Korea and Cuba
Carnie is toast. Got to the point that he believed his own pr.
This meaningless gesture leaves me feeling sick. We must move faster, we can't just leave the mess for our grandchildren.
You seem to be suggesting that, because a majority government is going to get its way, it's never worth the effort to criticize a majority government. That is an interestingly undemocratic apathetic thesis.
Exactly what OVERSIGHT do you want are you just mindlessly repeating "oversight" as a clich??
Make way people. Real experts from the comments section coming through below.
I'd suspect you wouldn't know where in India a posting would be an agreeable one.
Bay Street experience does not necessarily assure economic creds. Joe Oliver is definitely a Bay Street man. He is not impressing. I am surprised that Lawrence Martin would see this as a problem.
No pension in Ontario provincial politics.
Well said. That's why she'd be a great leader for Alberta's right, and the NDP could look forward to several more years in power. Which I'm ok with.
Because instead of formulating half-baked rationalizations for doing nothing, they stepped up and made a difference, defending our way of life against those who would so quickly take it away if there were only lightweights like you Neville.
You mean had its democratically-elected government ousted in a US-sponsored coup, and has suffered ever since.
Yeah. It's all funded by big oil.
He is his Father's son. Justin is a classic narcissist.- Loving, gentle, kind and appealing one moment, and a raging child the next moment- when he/she does not get their way.
on the other hand right wing pundits as a general rule cannot be taken seriouslyThere, fixed that for you.
most go us would not be very distressed should you take your leave from the comments page. Never a rational comment, just a rant.
Thomas Darcy McGee = Terrorist sympathizer
But then.... http://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/world/the-graffiti-kids-who-sparked-the-syrian-war/article33123646/
We need a law to prevent insurance companies discriminating because of age so that as a 75 year old I don't have to pay more for life insurance than a 25 year old. Right?
CEOS of corporations are also abusing the 'system' and need to be reined in ... who said the private sector was perfect ?
No Margaret, it's not 'Teachers' unions are obsolete'. It's 'Margaret Wente SAYS unions are obsolete'. Big difference. Speaking as an oracle doesn't make you be one. This pontificating won't make you the pontiff of journalism. Get off your pedestal.
Nope. You Dippers pissed us off. Now we do maximum damage to your party.
benmis playing with factsanswer the questiondid Canada get gay marriage because parliament voted on itorbecause the courts decidednow answer the question
The Globe must also be in favor of multiple-partner marriage, because there's not one reason against it that doesn't also apply to gay marriage.
Our carbon sinks are not included. I call B S.
Odd comment indeed, RR. You must be pretty smart because I can't even imagine what it means. 
Kind of like the $468 million secretly given to Ontario teachers before the last provincial election huh?
No different than what Europeans did to natives, the world goes in circles you know.
I guess it also shows a lot of courage that he still hangs out with this guy: http://www.thestar.com/news/city_hall/2014/03/04/rob_ford_friend_sandro_lisi_has_long_history_of_violence_threats_and_dirty_tricks.html
Bawdy2, that would be the leftist progressive interpretation
The key word in your comment is "may". It would mean more if you had used "will" unfortunately though, you could not.
Mind if I ask where you're from, Paul Hookham? Because I can almost bet the rent on it not being from anywhere that would be directly affected by that pipeline springing a leak.
and she is 'negotiating' with the Chinese? wow,such a deal...
The availability of work and the amount of debt post-grad are two different issues (althought the former does effect the impact of the latter).
Only slightly off topic: ivanka trump not only doesn't pay her interns she writes about how she's doing them a favour that way. See huffpost.
'But to most of us, it just makes him look gullible.'=====No. Not that. What a stupid remark.
Princess Diana did not die because she spoke out. She died because papparazzi chased her limousine whose driver was over the limit for blood alcohol. Stupidity does not constitute proof of conspiracy
Lovin' the red herring arguments, obfuscation and Islamophobia. Stay the course, Team Stupid.
Mind you -- let's not forget: Fran?oise David is 66. If the next election is four years from now, she may not even run. That could change everything.
This is a country wide issue, regardless of political stripe of the current governments.
People who care about climate change aren't allowed to make money?
I take that back now I have learned a bit about Kouvalis! Now I'm wondering if Tory has lost the race before he starts because of another poor decision like campaigning on funding religious schools.
Everything? wills 37
Because he is pro-business and not pro-market.
You don't understand international finance do you fatty.
in the future apologizes will be given for not allowing assisted dying ,for arresting women for prostitution ,,for drug offences ETC.
Yeah, I pay $20 a month for digital subscription and I find it frustrating to use, it's worth more like $10 a month and agreed that real names should be used. Real names would make people more responsible and wary of what they say.
go back under your bridge
Hope so. He was right about a lot of things. And there are still many 'useful idiots' out there. This monument will remind us of that.
Who said that deficit reduction is the only goal? And why stop at 45%?
...and they can always print more of it, or generate it out of the blue electronic yonder....
And with that attitude we are supposed to care what YOU think?
Good for the police. Blindly following order is the sign of a totalitarian state.
The title should be beneficiary of institutionalized anti-male bias, thinks more institutionalized anti-male bias would be good.
Filed right next to the proof Trump is a racist?
Neither is panicky headline fear mongering !
I think back in seventies I heard same statement from prime minister Ian Smith of Rhodesia.
'Small minded, juvenile bullies' sum up the reality challenged losers, still throwing tantrums at places of higher education.
That is not what the complaint is.. but seems Tabatha's fans operate on "us vs. them", "either, or" mode only.
Not a bad translation tool you have there, comradeBut is being next time you getting 'proof reader' to taykink look you hit 'post' , da?
Thank you 'Mr.' Harper.
Oh, let them continue against it. And have the next leader refuse to take part in a pride march. And be against assisted death. The cpc knows better than voters, doncha know.
At least Putin keeps his mouth shut unless he has something intelligent to say.
There are hiring quotas for female teachers (!!!) ?
When your a hammer, everything looks like a nail?
For statists they are like gods!
only a grain of salt you say, how about a truckload of it.
Just see postings on face book by NeverAgainCanada. Some of the protestors are in Canada at Universities . Lots in Europe, US.
I don't think that there has been any evidence gathered to support the notions that you are suggesting.
Peer review means nothing when your peers are fools.
And we're delighted that you are out. We don't need self-righteous,self-centered carpetbaggers that only think as to how to enrich themselves at the expense of others. You want Trump in 2016? My goodness then you are stunningly uneducated.
Maybe it will be a new CBC prime time show, right after Schitts Creek. 'Junior and the Bimbette.'
It's no such thing. What a disgusting thing to write about people you don't even know.
Doesn't make sense to build a pipeline for oil that will cost more than you can buy on the open market. The companies that signed up did so previously based on higher prices. You ain't getting a pipeline at this time.
NEA2:------ 'The Liberal mandate is very thin at 39.5 % of the popular vote'So you'd be a fan of scrapping FPTP then? Me too.
I think the term is carpet baggers, though yours seems equally appropriate.
perhaps its time readers turned their backs on the globe just as they have the majority of canadians with their endorsementsyou do not need to subscribe to be a commentator
Hillary is the least crazy of the bunch.
We don't have to adopt the American system of government to become a republic.
Or keep what one professes to believe and it's emphasis out of it all together.
Back- not really yet. Mr. Harper began with a balanced budget compliments of Mr. Martin & the Liberals. your problem- a convenient memory fog ??
You are right Mr. Simpson. As a friend often tells me, people vote governments out, not in.
What a creepy comment.
Why ? because we are fools and elect the maginty's of the world. (his wife a teacher) . do the math, the maginty's pensions will be close to 300k starting at age 54.
Send NATO into Ukraine and help that country fight off the Russian invaders would be a better plan. Europe needs to defeat the neo-fascist regime in Moscow.
I had one last night, man am I tired today. It was so much fun, I love having those.
Stephen Harper has flouted the Charter twice now in recent weeks--with the niqab issue and with Bill C-51. We have the Charter for a reason, to defend freedom of expression especially when that expression is offensive to many people.
Yes, but more and more are. That is unacceptable.
France isn't trying to maintain its secular character. LOL. What a laugh! The Atheist Left and the Catholic Right still duke it out in France. And antisemitism and anti-Islamic feelings still run high in the countryside.
1. Prove that Canada ever had any status with Palestine. 2. Would it matter in terms of the number of refugees/immigrants Canada gets from there? (the only meaningful factor in a relationship that has one side producing, at best, dates)
and meanwhile China and India will keep on builiding coal plants while the west is punished with carbon taxes. That's some brilliant solution.
What would Barbara Frum think of her Republican speech writing son?
A $1 a liter surtax on gas at the pumps would not only provide much needed $ for TO transit but also for other cities. One could also make a case for an extra 50 cent tax to fund bus passes for the low income earners and unemployed
Current Liberal Budget is in deficit. Cons left 1 billion surplus according to Finance Dept and PBO
The answer is easy. Because Harper was for it, Trudeau must be against it.
Go back to your MRA goddess Christina Hoff Sommers.
Are you seriously that naive?
Well, now we know what it takes for the Globe to wake up.
It will happen. She will find a way to back out of at least one. Obama will take it over. However the coming Wikileaks dump will stop her campaign.
Sean C. Sorry my dog bit you during your last delivery.
It is necessary at this time to review his rulings to be sure there wasn't any bias against women or minorities. The sanctity of our justice systems requires this to alleviate the uncertainty that he has brought to the courts.
Your point being?
send a copy of this to all the politicians in canada and see how they will react and pay for the refugees.
The conceit of the article is that someone will want us to pity these guys. Outside of internet discussion boards, I've yet to see someone do this.
Yeah, we'll get right on that Hair Harper.
It's interesting to see the Liberal social media initiative gear up. New posters. Friendly sounding names. Like this one. First ever post. Yet written like a veteran.... : )
You believe it is better if the government allows cartels to gouge consumers? At least corporations have competitors.
PAUL HEINBECKER for Foreign Affair Minister! Justin should have you involved.
I love when religious people accuse me of ignorance, it is just about the most ironic and funny thing I can think of.
Blaming Muslim radicalization on the language and/or social restrictions of host countries is a bit rich considering that most of the outrages committed by radical Muslims occur in Muslim countries against other Muslims.
I shudder to think that is our opposition. OMG Mulcair how could you say anything so stupid
So the smart and well-informed people think it is a bad idea, and the uninformed and stupid think it is a good idea.
GManial, Duh. More guns equals more 'accidental' deaths too. Get your head out of your behind.
The strong recovery myth soon to be followed by the deficit-free budget. The latter, of course, being derived by creative accounting.
So why is Chavez responsible for the crisis in Venezuela and Harper not responsible for the crisis in Alberta?
OnSecondT, Barbaric means pertaining to barbarians, uncivilized and primitive. Why is that a poor choice of words? It's long past due we call a spade a spade in these matters. If the barbarians (or anybody else) don't like it, tough.
That is a good idea.
No, I'm sure for him, it is about both (religious belief and his medical judgment). Look at the list of side effects on some of these prescriptions. I don't think it's a home run that they are always the best option.
Are you saying something new?
Yes, and Mr Hitler was a good painter.
Just look in the mirror. Wente has some great points. Heck, there are those silly folks that still believe that the earth is warming when the evidence clearly shows that it is not. Go figure.
Joe Cool: I'm not sure that it was a well written column. He only had 2 points to make (cities encouraging risky development and provinces making promises that Ottawa has to keep). Beyond that, most of was he wrote was trite.
iski99 - This is your contribution to the discussion? Really? Wow - thanks for coming out, and contributing nothing whatsoever...
Illegal? I doubt it. It is already being done in many private sector work places. I seem to recall a Toronto law office doing this same thing last year or so. Was in the news. They didn't think it was illegal.
I always tell people to read the fine print, sometimes the wording is made to confuse you.
Moon, when you can't refute you name call... nice.
It's really not right to mention Tommy Douglas and the other guy in the same sentence.
Well put. What this leads to is the use of public institutions for political purposes. We have seen this with the IRS and EPA in the US and we should expect to see it up here. This has to play out though to its natural end.
While all of this might be true all someone has to do is scream 'Mike Harris!' and its forgotten. No matter that Ontario's economy grew twice as fast from 1995 to 2003 as since. The Liberals will be in power forever.
Faulty thought leads to faulty prose.
You just disproved your own point.
Do you have an example? I understand your issue with his views on Trump, but where are the errors in his recounting of constitutional history?
Nice use of irony aowg. What does that say of those who give you a thumbs up (or down).
Article: ' Voters are entitled to a bit more 'Voters are not entitled to anything except what they vote for. Think about it ... or perhaps better not, the answer might impair your self esteem !
Wow Do you think other people moms wear army boots as well?
Trudeau can say yes to everything except pipelines. THat way he can say he is being tough on environmental protection without affecting peoples daily lives or consumption habits. Easy win.
Four years of an NDP government should finish off the Canadian economy. They are socialists no matter what anyone says. They will spend until they run out of 'other people's money'. They can't help it. That is what socialists do.
How sad that Harper haters have aligned themselves with Putin for no other reason than Harper not agreeing with Putin's criminal behaviour
You know who is the monster. Putin is of course! And where is he now.....You forgot Chechnya there
Rogue Chimp, what lies are you referring to in Jack Reacher's comments? Adscam DID happen and it DID cost the taxpayers millions of dollars. Those are facts.
Great post, thanks!
WH1, your comment smells of hope and fear.
Reward a region with a history of air piracy with an aviation organization makes sense to me.
Your arguments were quite persuasive till you wrote 'I have no idea who is paying him for this'. I don't care how good your arguments are. If you include unfounded speculation of shadowy conspiracies, I stop listening to anything you have to say.
It's odd that the "lesser societies" are where everyone wants to emigrate to, Iranians included. Why is that?
When I asked her point blank whether or not the right to make my own decision about dying was mine she said it was not. She is just continuing to find ways to obstruct I don't know why the media continues to give her a platform.
ISIS videos do a pretty good job of scaremongering.
Ummm... nobody expects the deficit to stay where it is.
Extending Curbs at crossings? This represents a considerable hazard to cyclists, it forces them out relative to traffic. This should only be considered in situations where there is a separated bike lane.
'It's a cookbook!'
I'd like a change too. It has been a long time since a party last formed a majority government with a true majority of the popular vote. Some form of proportional representation would be a good first step.
How dare you be reasonable under these circumstances? Don't you realize the sky is falling, teachers are evil communists, Wynne is the worst premier we have ever had, and well um yeah like that.
Shocking, politicians being politicians!!! Just like Chr?tien, Trudeau, Mulroney, Martin.
I love schools that don't have an hour a day for physical activity, then tell parents that their kids must have ADHD becuase they can't sit still. They're not SUPPOSED to sit still for 6 hours a day
Saunders is your typical western 'Useful Idiot,' working for Putin as an 'enabler' of Russian infiltration of our western democratic system...
No, you're wrong. Taxing people for a program only to tell them everybody else but them gets to avail themselves of the program will only breed resentment - and hasten the demise of the program. Voters/taxpayers have long memories.
Your powers of debate seem imprisoned by your inability to accept responsibility for the event which I mentioned in my reply to you. Ironically, your inept attempt at obfuscation, you merely confirms my observation about India's national character.
Yet it's not, evidenced by nearly all embassies in the country being located in Tel Aviv. Not to mention the majority of public opinion across the world. Shalom.
Conservative and Reform voters were screaming for an end to FPTP when Cretien had a majority with less than 40% of the votes. If they are at all principled, they should still have the same view.
If I wanted to go to politically and socially charged presentation, I would. If I wanted to hear a political rant, I would go to that. Why can't you leftists understand that difference? Well, of course you can, you just chose not to.
Precisely. The emiseration of the underclass falls most heavily on blacks but it's the same crap all around.
Where did I say that? You seem to like reading messages that aren't there.
The number of fatal injuries has been going up which the author states and your graphic shows. Might help to read what you use as evidence before you post.
You neglected to mention that in the police union case, they ALSO overruled their 1999 decision in Delisle.
It doesn't help me either, but it's not all about me. Do you understand how a society should work, matt calgary?
How did you arrive at the premise that a policy of self-government is racist? Have you asked indigenous leaders? Here's a document you may want to read. http://www.actioncanada.ca/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/Haida-Gwaii-Governance-EN-Oct-2012.pdf
'The only bright spot is we all know empires don?t last for long.'----------------------------Yep.Another hundred or two hundred years, barbarians will be swarming on Warshington like flies on schite.
wdf are you talking about here ???an unsecured train rolled down and caused a horrible accident. Our prayers are with those who suffered. Legal matters will follow. No time for partisan crap on this oneYou wanna play 'KICK THE DOG'....get a dog
A team of incompetents? Huh? A finer team has never been assembled. I think you must be referring to the sitting government.
The Christians have to abandon their delusions so we can make religions illegal before the Muslims out breed the rest of us.
I love the idea! It certainly is not a stretch for Canada to support its own twelve team league. I am not sure what the legal ramifications of pulling out of the NHL would be.
But here's the thing: Obama tried really hard and with utmost sincerity. It was not for nothing that our Parliamentarians cheered him out of the room, saying, 'four more years! Four more years!' If only!
Go and take your hormone pills, Mike, you are being premenstrual.
You know the leftist line 'why does Harper not send his kids' . Well why not tell Justin to volunteer his wife and brothers to hand out the aid.
Global it seems that the whole family is that dysfunctional
@Searleseal: The old defense never dies.
A petulant twelve year old boy!
Oakey: That's just the CON talking point. You CONs forget completely that an OIL CRISIS occurred at that time. But, hey, if it's easier for you to blame the Liberals, then by all means do so. The rest of us are not so gullible.
What happened to ' One Apple a day keeps the Dr. away? '
NAMBLA-lover.
Harry: David, like all of us, pays taxes.
You feel so bad!!. Send them some money and quit your whining about because detroit opts to stiff creditors, it makes it OK.
'A decade of shock therapy' emanating from the Shock Doctrine.
And a few months in, you know that exactly how? Time to stop being such a sore loser.
What a despicable comment.
Although pretty boy Justin is an airhead, Canada would be much better off with either the CPC or LPC in charge. The NDP are nothing but a bunch of whackjobs that have no idea as to how the real world works.
Gasoline may be on paper have a higher energy density but when you burn it in an internal combustion engine, most of the energy is wasted as heat. They only use around 15% of the fuel energy content to move the vehicle.
Chretiens infinite wisdom? You're probably a senile forgetful lady.
BC has one of the highest or highest economies in Canada for 2016 and we already have a $30/tonne carbon tax. Business didn't crater when it was brought in. Investment didn't dry up.
Ask the Swedes, now 10-20 years into this societal experiment, if their migrant wave has become part of their civil society. The answer is clearly no.
" .. we have a massive lack of personal responsibility that is crushing our system.." Now there is the understatement of the century !!
I was thinking the exact same thing, actually. And seeing your score on this comment obviously shows that you hit the nail on the head and the progs don't like it.
Please don't be here all week.
please God, Margaret, just go away - your rants are so tiresome and reek of desperation.
I guess you don't have allergies or fear of dogs.
Sadly most Canadians have acquiessed to this because we are just not that engaged in our own democracy. It is illustrative of how even great civilizations can be led off course by very small but determined and we'll organized groups.
It's not like he'd read the job description. He never read the conflict of interest material
Still 9% ahead the last time I checked.
I don't have as much trouble with nurses' salaries as the others, their jobs are tough dirty, and from time to time life threateningly dangerous as well. For the record I do not have any family, or close friends in that field.
JIM5339 - Remember, the Liberals had 103 seats after they lost power before they were decimated down to 34. The same could easily happen to the Conservatives 99 seats if they aren't careful.
Interesting that women tell people to "man-up" when they want them to deal with a problem... just like you just did. I guess competence and toughness are considered male attributes by the people who say it. Thanks Denise.
It could be arrogant thinking that it was in the bag or many registered voters, having supported Obama, being indifferent to Clinton as their candidate.
Yeah, but we're getting all those shiny new prisons so that we'll have someplace to lock up all those perpetrators of 'unreported crimes'.
I feel your frustration. After trying to buy sweatshop-free clothing and finding nothing I started a stylish (no tie dye allowed) sweatshop-free clothing store in Guelph. Finding suppliers is incredibly difficult but worth it. They are out there.
What? You can't do that in Winnipeg??????
Media Lies says: 'There is no Russian military action in Ukraine. Rob Huebert is reciting a lie.'Maybe you should have buried this one as it diminished your credibility for the rest of the comment. You are what you accuse other of being.
the promotions used to be within the system. So experience and continuity. Now, you get a small town politician as the "qualification"
Enough people voted for him to win and I suspect his political sword is sharp enough that enough may vote for him again.
Snake oil from the OISE salesmen.
We have Baird as Foreign Minister. Did we expect anything other than Bull Horn diplomacy? It's almost as bad as making Tony Clement finance minister.
Yes, the lower parts of the brain had a big part in this vote but those that did vote OUT (52%) are not stupid
I can just imagine what Trump's mother , a Scottish Presbyterian, would have told the pope to do.
10 deficit budgets in 8 years proves fiscal incompetence...
yes all must align to eliminate ISIS
The solution of all solutions. Stop having children. Overpopulation is the root of all our woes and the environmental issues we all face. Wake up!!!
It is only a matter of time before it is someone else who decides if you are 'better off dead.' 'Progressives' will call that 'compassion.'
it was due to pure public servant and other unions greed.....had nothing to do with the PCs.
why not fix those programs
The biggest knock against proportional representation or other types of voting systems is that they lead to minority or coalition governments. Compared to the Harper government, can that be so bad?
Harper just hid and let his obedient supporters whine for him.
Completely agreed!
"You" (sic) spelling????.....isn't that just the pot calling the kettle black.
Will agree with all but the current regime. It is very dangerous to underestimate the damage the current regime has done and is trying to do to Canada's democratic institutions.
Nope I was 51 and she was 45
Hi Churchill, Look up the activities of Irgun and then back to me.
thank you for not deleting me
You got yourself all worked up over useless jocks? Get a life, pally!
2015 is your chance.
snot pneumonia
So, advocating big government that will be directly involved in 'solving' the economic problems is supposed to make me feel better?
Hillary Clinton got 1.3% more of the popular vote than Trump so NO, he is NOT the choice of the people.
Cause the LIeberals never did anything like that
I have no problem. My family members walk million miles away from the drug. It is all about how you raise your children.
I am surprised that Mr. Martin is surprised to find Mr. Kenney's feet firmly planted in the gutter. That is where we have seen them for ages..
One of the Harper-haters claims that the Israeli government is a criminal organization. Really?The only truly democratically elected government in the Middle East? You lefties have gone too far.
I am afraid the Globe has totally lost it. Pity.
This should be down right scary for all concerned.
Teachers merely recycle whatever the politically correct version of history is at the moment.
They can definitely bank them. However, they cannot have a cash pay out. However, they can in fact use them at the end of their career - and retire up to 2 years early!
The Republican party has spent the last 25 years turning itself into an angry, obstructive hate machine and now it's reaping what it sowed.
Greg . NO. You are wrong about govt's. Name a treaty that FN broke.
I think I agree with BuckSaver in that the left has fallen OFF the cliff. North Americans do not even know what LEFT is.
its not 'Major', it is 'Major General MacKenzie'... I would respect him regardless of his rank, but let's at least garner some minimal understanding of the military.
Not a chance. He's too arrogant and crooked to ever admit he might lose.
What do you mean, *join* the hit list? Most have been on it for a few years now, suckups like the Globe and National Post editorial boards notwithstanding.
Individual bathrooms for everyone. Rock on !
Premier should retire
Too bad the author didn't talk more about the proposed Protection Charter. http://www.macleans.ca/news/canada/fahmy-amnesty-call-for-charter-to-protect-canadians-jailed-overseas/
maree is a radical feminist and hates men, as all men are abusers
The CPC has advised Ms May they will not run a candidate in either Kabul or Port Moresby thus enabling her to represent either constituency, as she has previously.
Not so.With 'existing conditions' outlawed as a restriction on enrolling, they simply sign up when the need it.
I might add, though, that Parliament did pass a bill granting a veto to well, just about everyone in 1996. h t t p: //laws-lois.justice.gc.ca/eng/acts/C-36.7/page-1.html
An earthworm is a worthy successor to the Conservative Party. Now, the Progressive Conservative party is a different issue. Oh no, there's a right leaning party with the word progressive........LOL
I totally disagree with this editorial....looking after one's interest is not provincialism-whatever that means- it is realism
I think you're making excuses.
Are they now winging it or did they have the foresight to have a back-up plan? The former seems likely. You'll notice the spectacular failure of Steve's back-up and now we're winging it - typical Con idiocy.
It appears you know little about the American system of government either. You probably are too young to remember the U.S. supreme court tossing the 2000 Presidential election to George Bush, who received 200, 000 less votes than his opponent.
Idiocy is alive and well in Toronto.
Now the Ontariocentric disaster is being transferred to Ottawa.
By the way Stew it would be a God Sent if Harper resigns before I do, for the sake of my grandchildren.
He ain't dead yet. Let's not write the obituary until he is.
Well,, we know that for at least one Conservative backbencher the purpose of the trip was the 'million dollar [campaign] shot,' which leads me to wonder how many millions were spent on Harper's Israeli campaign junket.
OH! What a marvellous idea!! All we'd have to do is firmly and strictly declare something like a War on Drugs.......Wait
:o)^He only plays a scientist on TV.
We need people who feel they have a stake in the country. Booker prize winner Yann Martel described Canada as a big comfortable hotel with people checking in and checking out. I don't want to pay my taxes to a hotel, I won't fight to defend a hotel.
Well her first mate Andrea was a lot help. Noe give credit where it is due.
LOL 'money won't fix it....but they have to pay'
This will cost jobs! Please give to the Conservative party.
It is amazing to me that you can really believe that. I'd rather have a government running surpluses and reducing debt than the one we have now on economic principles alone.
Only 36% of younger Britons bothered to even vote.
I'd love to hear some concrete Canadian examples illustrating your point.
What a disgusting apologist stance!! G&M endorsed Harper last election, and it looks like they have neither been paying attention nor learned anything since!! The worst accountability problems Canada has ever seen stem from the CPC Party!!
'Mr. Simpson is not one of those people who, coming from St. John?s, Red Deer or even Toronto,...'Pas pire, pas pire.
....not a religion.
'My wife, Sophie, and I are raising our children with the same values.'I would rather hear from his multiple, publicly paid nannies how the children are being raised
That's not shocking at all. 
Keller, you evidently haven't heard the most recent phone leak, and no, it is not a serious threat, but rather an indication of the mindset and the mad ramblings of the west's recent pet Tymoshenko.
Yeah, it's clearly too hard. Let's just give up and let the carnage continue.
No, the absolute truth.
And Canada will never see another majority government so the NDP greens and bloc will control every policy ... Really you want 20% of the electorate to control the agenda! You are an idiot!
right on ... for once !
I suppose everything in a budget could be put on page 1 for people like you but it would be a fairly long page.
But NEVER apologized.
So what if we swear allegiance to something or someone other than the queen? We'd still have the Harper Government acting in contempt of parliament and an electoral system that leaves at least one part of the country out of Ottawa.
A little balance, perhaps?
I lived on for Reserves for years, and Reserves are the problem. As long as you divide people into two groups and enshrine it into law you will always have division and distrust.
Haven' seen the 'lisping ' insult for a while. Some posters seem to have a bit of a fetish around that.
When you are trapped in a lie, telling the truth is the hardest thing in the world to do.
Hey Ladies, It's not always about you!
You cannot destroy an ideology with bombs.
Bon voyage
So what about wearing a crucifix Les? Do you agree that should be banned also? It is an admirable Bill if it applies to all religions
Beware of Greeks (whoops, that's her fianc?) bearing gifts.
Because the leader, Pauline Marois is a clown and a dangerous one at that. She and her party peaked on the day she introduced PKP and it's been down hill ever since.
Were you reading the Sun and the National Post in the early days of Ford's term? If so, do you really think your second sentence has any validity at all?
Free tip: 3-5% increases are a sign of a healthy growing market. Population and employment growth sustain it. 5-10% implies too much speculation. (next tip will cost you)
The US started with "advisors" and then it concluded it needed it own fighting forces. 500, 000 ground troops, 50,000 plus dead on the US side. Sound familiar.
Unfortunately, 'sans dogma' there is no religion.
Your confidence in Trudeau's smarts isn't shared by many.
Hmmm. Where is Mr Ryans side of this story ?Or are we to believe that one narcissistic woman can make claims and that be enough ?
It's so cute the way climate change deniers are desperately trying to re-frame themselves as defenders of the global poor. But it's not workin' for ya.
Winnipeg, come for the culture....stay because your car won't start.
I wondered how far down I'd have to scroll to find this most obvious comment on the Globe's editorial turnabout. The paper's corporate controllers must all be on holiday.
Let them carry on killing each other. As long as they are doing that they won't be turning to their main purpose, which is killing infidels (i.e. us).
Yes it does, if you're not actually living in Canada.
I will be watching the games and I will not cave in to the gay agenda.
Let's pretend that Ted Cruz has nothing to do with Canada. There has to be some way we can alter the records or at least misplace them.
That's fine, Cam, but you're not insisting on a $10,000 per year subsidy while your next door neighbour whose mother takes care of her baby three days a week gets nothing, are you? That's what the state daycare proposal would mean.
Every once in a while a member of the Conservative government will reveal his or her real personality.
Gordon I greatly admire your persistence on this issue. It has to bear fruit eventually. George Thomson
Lies, lies, lies. The fiddling with temperature data is the biggest science scandal everhttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/earth/environment/globalwarming/11395516/The-fiddling-with-temperature-data-is-the-biggest-science-scandal-ever.html
i agree that the (frustrated) politics of division play into the worst neo-conservastive instincts. a form of proportional representation would, I think, better "represent" provinces, regions and the country as a whole.
Dear Alberta, You get to be the immigration capital of Canada for a while. See how it works for you. Sincerely,Ontario
Typical snotty, disrespectful leftist comment.
yeah yeah yeah....boring.
Greedy and self-absorbed, as well. Unfit to be parents.
Maybe, but private sector investment is way down all over Canada, not just Ontario.
I suspect nothing would empty out a bar in Manhattan quite as fast as this Canadian lady smugly telling her fellow patrons that Canada is the hero they really need. Jeesh...
The first clue was when she noted that he was a graduate of the University of Chicago School of Economics.
The public streets are not her workplace.
Men are not the key to your liberation. You are.
tar is a manmade product.....there are no natural tar sands ,but there are natural oil sands.
a thoughtful perspective/contribution. thanks.
the fed libs and trudeau will shut down anything the benefits the west... just like his daddy did
ummm.. their muslim citizens are part of the crusade
Completely unlike, say, Ezra Levant?
Wow one article in the G&M about the bankster Hilary Clinton and the rest about Trump... really balanced reporting..
Ok, you've never met Trump but you support him, how by your own logic does that make sense? And you didn't read the column so how can you comment?
live in ottawa -love the Leafs: - it's the oath that Stephen Harper took when he became PM - kinda looks like you should do some research before commenting.
You forgot Harper is a coward who hid in a closet when threatened. Pierre Trudeau sat through a riot and stared down hundred of separatists. Harper is a pathetic excuse for a Prime Minister and an even more pathetic excuse for a man.
We've all been young and inexperienced at some point, but ignorant sticks with you for life. Consider Jim Prentice's last, fatal comment before the curtain rose on The Great and Powerful Oz.
or perhaps the media is hysterically overblowing Trump's negative traits and things will be fine after he is electedthe foreign war thing is a big deal, he's against them
Exactly. Question: Why was Trump able to get within a whisker of the White House? Answer: American Fascism. OK?
There's probably going to be another drought in Somalia in a few years. I hope they are making preparations for this in advance. No one should be surprised next time this occurs and that includes gullible westerners.
Peggy, Your puerile attack on Ms. Adams is quite petty. You demean her looks with your comments, yet on her worst day she probably looks better than you with your airbrushed photo!
He didn't show any compassion for the people whose lives he threatened when he drove while reading, deeming his busy-ness more important. He reaped what he sowed.
Almost as funny as Harper being in bed now with Obama. Gotta love it!
Why did they get into poverty in the first place--hear of the Great Leap Forward Comrade ?
Her partner in crime also gets paid $800 a day tax free. They have to make do on a couple hundred thousand dollars a year tax free. Poor poor Cheif.....
Toronto voted for Wynne and Trudeau. See I can lay pointless blame too!
@Chris: I'm sure Ukraine thought that too.
In light of your long-standing support for Harper, your editorial can only be a further diversion. It is entirely unacceptable.
When will Canadians see that Justin Boy has no interest in any thing but him self. He is a closed minded simpleton and Canada will soon be a world laughing stock. Canada is screwed..
Yeah, less than 1/10 Canadian Doctors are non-White:https://www.afmc.ca/deans_list_media/Diversity%20in%20Medical%20Education_v2.pdf1st-World White healthcare systems are supported by 1st-World White people
NF - I don't take selfies -- because I'm not a vapid, narcissistic cheeseball.
It has been estimated that if Canada had retained most of its immigrants it would already have around 80 million people
for 40,000 years there were no jails , cops, judgeslawyers, capitalists how do you think they did it?
Actually, they were hostage by the owners, the Thomson family who dictated the Editorial. The same thing happened with all of the Postmedia newspapers which, on mass, supported Harper, as instructed by the owners of that media conglomerate. ..
Stupid joke refers to your inner prejudice. Got it!
No kidding we have one serving as PM!
No - he does not dither - see Cuba - the GOP wont let him do a thing otherwise.
I LIKE it!
Speaking of morons you fit the bill.
Unless your name is Ted Kaczynski. Then you send bombs in the mail to kill professors you disagree with, in your quest to save society from becoming overly inundated with humanity-altering technology.
Confirms my lack of interest in religious beliefs. On the other hand, I am very interested in the psychology of religiosity.
What's offensive is having assets yet relying on the generosity of the accepting country.
I used to care a great deal about Quebec being part of Canada, but not any longer. Frankly, I don't give a damn any longer. Just unfortunate they are not way down on the east which would make it even easier.
'Attacks will end when we beat Islamic State in its own backyard'Give me one example of when this has worked in the past.
Is this piece a paid advertisement for his book, or what?
Ah yes, democracy. In NDP terms that means chaos and confusion as the social engineers halt everything economic to 'study' how to build a socialist utopia without recourse to that vile resource extraction thingy.
meanwhile being a mailboy for a oil company is good solid hard work experiance!
You're assuming that being single means being alone. Being single is just the absence of marriage and keeping your options open. Women in their thirties are already past their prime and are desperate for attention.
This is the most rediculous and pathetic piece of journalism I have seen in some time.
Where is your evidence of corruption? That is a very serious charge. Please supply names, and details. Thank you.
Trudeau, nice hair, good smile. Complete lack of substance on issues. Way to go.
This is like spending billions on a small box of food to feed the hungry in the world. Sure it's seems like a nice thing to do but to think it has an impact is simply na?ve.
I don't think you'll find much evidence that it 'kept their civilization alive.' And there are many, many silly things that humans have believed for a long time; that doesn't make them true or effective, and certainyl doesn't prove efficacy.
Most of the anger in the family law system is generated by the parties, not the lawyers.
no worries his career is all but done,, about to be cut, already sent back to the backup spot,, this is about him wanting attention so he will be traded,, a stunt
Since when? A long time. Guess you don't remember chretiens big red book of lies. Your comments are foolish.
With a much bigger cheque book.
Wait, solid economic performance? One could easily argue that Harper has the worst record of economic performance as Prime Minister. This is not necessarily his fault but if you don't fault him than you can't fault previous PM's either.
The author does not understand the meaning of the word xenophobic. Resisting massive influxes of significantly different cultures in a short time frame is not in the realm of xenophobic.
Hopefully 'eventually' is not in the cards for the Conservatives.
Only one successful issue can be attributed to Thatcher's legacy. She crushed the Miners Union. That was the best thing she did for the United Kingdom like President Reagan did to the Airtraffic Controllers Union.
Anyone thing Helicopters to replace Sea Kings when the saw this.
Uh... Yes. Have you been living under a rock?
High taxes have ruined Ontario and Quebec. I look forward to watching how those two provinces get themselves out from their mountains of debt. Will even higher taxes be the solution?
Hey - you should probably grab a gun and go self-investigate that. Let us know how it goes.
Yes, I'm surprised it wasn't higher.
I sure hope that you're not an educator or someone with any political power. Your judgemental views are quite scary.
I did. Your bar for what constitutes 'bright and thoughtful' is pretty low.
I'll put my hours up against yours any day. Bet you $100 that I work harder and longer than you.
Semantics Mark, still just semantics.
Parents aren't concerned about their children, the protestors are concerned about their own misguided and ill informed values
Not quite... this story is about a tsunami of slime.
You are indeed a truthbender. I never cease to be amazed by the Freudian forum handles which people create.
The American College of Pediatrics supports legislation that continues to restrict marijuana usage : http://www.acpeds.org/marijuana-use-detrimental-to-youthJust the facts, potheads. No need to get grouchy -- go get some Doritos and calm down
Chretien actually had good ideas in that white paper. Too bad he never implemented them.
Being in the "debate" section of a national newspaper is still "journalism" sparky. And making a sweeping generalization and "proving" it with a couple of examples is still lazy. Yawn.
Your ancestors put FN people on reserves and now you want to put them somewhere else? How cruel is this idea?
OK Rip Van Winkle.
I love how so many people here using terms like "true" Canadians or "actual" Canadians. Fahmy is a Canadian citizen, and is not any less a "true" Canadian just because he wasn't born here.
Mr Harper and his pals were elected with 39 % of the vote, yet they're doing things opposed by most of the country. Wake up Canadians! Our country will not be recognizable very soon.
Dear G&M, mind your own #$5*ng business. We don't need a 3rd rate liberal PC-addled rag telling us how to vote..
It isn't 'in his temperament'...
That's not fair. Just a out every time Jeffery writes one of his pieces (not wear one of his pieces), someone always says it's a wise article. You mean and nasty person!!!!
Vegas is a cesspool.
Correction - they are well remunerated. One of the key reasons given by recruits in Afghanistan and Iraq.
Down the road in your industrial world, food, habitation and breathable air will be a luxury.
This happens when you elect a man boy as a leader, the crown prince waffles while Rome burns.
Why are you presupposing this is columnist is supposed to be funny? The fun part here are the posts. If you want good political humour, check out Gail Collins in the NYT.
Sir, I get chills when you feed them their own medicine. Kudos.
He's more likely to have a heart attack, or trip over something and hurt himself!
I agree, the Coservative party is Canada's GOP, my problem is who else can I vote for? Trudeau is a non-starter for me
Go fly a kite, Khan.
We live in a celebrity culture that's why. Simple as that.
This is utterlley ridiculous. Get a life people.
Beautiful people rule. Sadly, that's the way it works.
Debate took place while you were sleeping... more than once... and people voted in support of Obama and Obamacare.
from Berig in Rochester Mel Hurtig wrote about that in his book "The Truth About Canada." You should pick up a copy if you haven't read it yet. Written in 2008.
really - ask a walmart employee or a mcd's or tim's if this is what happens
Quite so. In addition, the 'deal' offered by the EU apparently would have forced Ukraine to accept NATO. Someone please tell me how close Ukraine is to the 'North Atlantic'.
they both lost votes compared to recent elections. They were generally considered to be the worst 2 candidates for president in decades. Romney or Mcain would have likely decimated clinton
Although I am sympathetic to your anti Harper stance, like so many posts on this forum simply striking out at him adds nothing to the discussion and is boring to read. Please try to make a point in the future.
Democracy is not the first priority of the poor.
So obesity shouldn't be considered a disease because this might embarrass obese people? This epitomizes political correctness at its most ludicrous--dealing with unpleasant facts by denying them.
Kravitz, It is obvious that DarkStarr is trying to say do not expect other to 'accommodate' your beliefs.
Yeah, nobody uses drugs in Mexico.
I propose that a sneaky mole is contained within that hill.
Bye Bye credibility!
I hope that Ms Erdley costs Rolling Stone a lot of money in the courts.
Interesting observation: see Youtube, theagenthollyhock's channel, having particular regard to the video titled 'Horseman of the Apocalypse'
True but most voters don't know that.
I'm looking forward to the day that Charles Darwin meets this Pope. I feel sorry for his family though.
No, she's exercising her right for free speech, something the liberals should learn about.
Nothing is even remotely close to infantry combat. Not even other military trades, let alone police and firefighters.
Ah, but outside Toronto? No land shortage there.
To Reclusethat is an example of Fear of Donald from those who say Donald is fear mongeringirony
I don't have to discredit Suzuki. He discredited himself a long time ago. Most people laugh at what ever comes out of his mouth. What fake. He's an so called enviornmentalist. HA!
After yesterday's revelations in the media, I expect Wai Young will be way gone.
Meggsy is correct. The energy industry should be abolished.
Time for Canadians to vote this government out of office in the next election.
Western countries should provide as much religious freedom to the Muslims, as Saudi Arab provides to non-Muslims in the kingdom(e.g. no pork, no wine, no statues, no bikini, no church/temple/synagogue).Nicety should not be an one way traffic.
The Ukrainian official language was rescinded pretty swiftly.
You mean the oil companies and the rest of the corporate welfare bums who get a free ride on our backs - or do you mean the poor, the dis-enfranchised, the unemployed, First Nations - you pick?
Liar, Liar, Pants on Fire!
In the meantime, Edmund Burke and Sir John are both turning in their graves on the thought of being associated with Stephen Harper.
Post a copy.
So stock up on some sleeping pills, you can off yourself as the need arises. No need to enact laws to encourage the fragile (who do need love and looking after) to kill themselves.
Paid lectures?
Getting everyone that commits a crime is highly overrated. Robbery and bodily harm are worth pursuing but vehicle violations, not so much.
Too bad Chris Farley is no longer with us. He would be perfect to play Rob Ford in the movie. Something along the lines of Tommy Boy meets Dumb and Dumber. A summer block buster.
My prediction: leftist history will judge Snowdon as a hero along with Guy Burgess, Kim Philby, Anthony Blunt and Donald McLean. To the rest of us he will be remembered as the traitor he is.
You missed the point of the article... hint...it wasn't that one shouldn't study humanities.
The majority of Canadians want the pipeline idiot.
RTP was, is, and always will be politically correct babble to pacify the sheeple .....It will have exactly ZERO practical effect.
love the name!
And sitting back while they discriminate against the non-french is immoral.
you don't have to be one of the "useful idiots" to believe that this monument is a bad idea.
You're full of it Quibly. I travel a lot and people have nothing but good things to say about Canada.
You selfish and stupid attitude brought us Kathy Wynn/Dalton McSweeney in Ontario.
I don't know if you can put false accusations of him being a pedophile in the same category as trolling. A public claim like that can do damage, including resulting in physical damage to him.
Spare the rod and spoil the child. That is why there is so much crime with youngsters today.
They lead to ad nauseum, perhaps
Green Party? A Woman leader? A dark horse party? Forward thinking and not offering virtually everything to everybody? Don't be too surprised.
The buyers will be all the gullible, easily manipulated, losers like the displaced baffled Canadians who don't have a home anymore. They can smell a sucker a mile away.
so by your logic, Kathleen Wynne is the caricature of the modern Liberal. Lies to the voters, and buys votes with taxpayers money.
Very interesting, timely and ultimately troubling piece. Thank-you.
Actually, Greggore, it's your partisanism that is so easy to see through here. Typical blame the victim stance here. Pathetic and immoral.
Canada has no business in Syria and no good can come from our participation in a twisted conflict that cannot possibly produce any winner. Lest we forget, Assad is the enemy. ISIS is the enemy of Assad. Time to pack up and go home.
" ..Most people who use food bands work full-time..." We volunteer extensively in our local food bank - and most certainly most clients do not work full time. Most are on welfare, single, disabled .. poor life style choices ...
Some boomers can't retire because they were in the generation who had to pay a twenty percent interest rate on their mortgage, and now earn two percent on their RIF's. We're it the other way 'round they would be long gone.
Decriminalization does little - bikers and organized crime will still run it, kids will still be able to get it easily at lunch hour, sketchy grow-ups will continue, there'll be no quality control, etc. . . .
Always remember that Western "Patriot's" Presidential pick was a Vietnam draftdodger and is also a fascist.
I share your point of view.
he cares so much about taxpayer dollars that he paid 90,000 of them to keep his senator quiet... a senator who was using a bunch of other taxpayer dollars to fill the CPC coffers! competence? so we're told. fiscally prudent.. not so much.
Trump is a white supremacist? Really? Can anyone explain how a PhD in Uzbek digital democracy qualifies one to be a commentator on the US presidential election? Anyone? Bueller....
From your cell.
Junta? Consortium junta? Consortium cabal? Get that thesaurus out of the wc and put in some proper literature.
We are talking about Canadian politics, there isn't a tea party here.
For lying misogynists, it's pretty great. It legitimizes what they've been saying all along.
On a different note, I have a question. I am puzzled by the statement, 'Absent a repeat of'. When did absent, normally an adjective, become a preposition (it seems to mean 'without')?
Confusing headline! Deliberately or not, it implies that Arabs are just passing through the lands that they inhabit - inflammatory when we consider the Palestinians' situation. Why not say 'Arabs are in chaos but it's only temporary'.
Conseervative Lies. Are you related to Tory Crimes the original drummer of The Clash?
Just the easy jobs, then?
Can you link to credible sources documenting such citizenship fraud?
'This party will only say and do things that will please its base.' Unlike all the other parties, of course.
'Every trick in the book' = Lipstick on a Pig. And to be perfectly clear, Harper is the Pig.
Yup. Does anybody remember Haiti? Does the name Aristide mean anything to anybody?
Getting rid of Tony Clement and any other Harris leftovers would be a good starting point.
While the right wraps itself in religion and claim to have a monopoly on patriotism.
A article in desperate need of a topic if I've ever read one.
You actually read that rant?
How can you improve on Social Equality and Justice? If you listen to the Right you lower taxes on the immensely rich and fire 100000 Civil Servants. Isn't that positive and inspiring! Who has the lobotomy?
...again, we live in Canada, not the USA.
There is no way in hell that such an introspective and honest inquiry will ever happened in USA. The hubris of the Americans continue.....
National Energy Board has a credibility problem. Yeah, thinking Canadians don't trust it.
So, if I use the common psychological phrase, 'You're in denial', is that somehow 'an odious trivialization of the Holocaust'?
Uh, you do realize that what you speak of is a Provincial policy?
Hmmmm. And you were a teacher. Do you know how to spell Fraser Institute?
Yep. Our tax system certainly needs fixing. Have you considered what could be done to decrease income inequality, without socialism? There is a challenge, and as shown in The Spirit Level, a huge potential for gain.
Translation: Canadian Foreign Aid will be delivered by teaching Peruvians to rape their land for profit, which will be largely enjoyed by Canadian Mining Corporations. Steve also thinks there's a nice enslavable Native population there, too.
As is the list of folks who labour under the misapprehension that personal perception is proof.
Well said!!!!
I guess the public has a choice to make. Do they want to save the planet and are they willing to pay with higher taxes. First they have to be convinced the rest of the world is on board and doing their share.
You need another trip to Cuba.
Why would anyone wish Canada gets colder in the winter? So we can use even more energy to stay warm?
and the lefty trump-haters rioters have been breaking, burning and attacking people violating peoples human right's ..... but of course they are just "civil rights" enthusiasts !! so we most "tolerate" them ... right ??
You're dodging my points sunshine.
Here are the 2012 audited financials with the RTCC broken out in the notes. http://www.charityintelligence.ca/media/audit_pdfs/PMHF%20FS-2012.pdfWhere did you get your information?
He's not paying for them, you are.
Superior to anything in Canada, provided they have a job? Evidence, please?
Why don't you present some solid arguments on policy instead of resorting to childish attacks?
Don't the Arabs need to make 'hard choices' too? Like accepting Jews?
Ericka from America, Prone to hysteriaOgden Nash
The working class is getting poorer no matter what happens. Its globalization.
I find everything she writes to sound phoney and two-faced.... it is just me?
truthhurtstheleft: "hey idiot your clueless" - The irony is especially delicious when someone who doesn't understand punctuation or spelling labels someone else "clueless".
expect much more entertainment from this bunch.
I'm sure you have a sack full of excuses for the "religion of pieces".
'..One of Canada's pre-eminent polemicists..' - oh c'mon, this is entirely a 3rd rate piece, with 4th rate arguments. It's embarrassing to the GM to even print this.
Well Ratbag... if Chretien hadn't had old man Khadr spring from that Pakistani gulag G & M writers would be focused on some other form of inconsequential twaddle.
Funny .. you use 'hell' ... see how entrenched it is?
document produced for the harper conservative government paid for by taxpayers but never implemented because ' it was too hard' how to measure rule of law http://www4.carleton.ca/cifp/app/serve.php/1232.pdf
Let this be a lesson for those who support the LEAP Manifesto.....!
If Mulcair wants to be a Prime Minister than he should act like a Prime Minister.
That's a little harsh on Justin! Give him a chance.
Perhaps you have been in the Egyptian desert. The questions being asked are the questions that thinking people HAVE been wondering about . The fact that you feel insulted by the audacity of the G & M asking, says you have decided not to think.
Wow ! 120/90 is low. 95/65 you're barely alive ! Eat some salt !
That's right Jack. People should be free in Canada to do as they please. Like, I don't know, maybe set up a gay/straight alliance club in their school.
You trust the Saudis to tell us their plans? Did they warn you about 9/11?
How much are we, the TAXPAYERS, paying the boys in short pants in the PMO to comment on anything anti-The Dear Leader?
Which tide? The ones that the climate scientists claimed would be swamping coastal regions by now?
Quebec Xenophobic public servants continue to be exposed as the bigots they are... armed with a stasi styled legislation... they constantly impede business and harass others who are not Pur like they.
Ah - and vote buying with stuff you print in the basement. Very convenient and the sheeple love it !
Or have the Liberals acquired a Conservative Trojan Horse? Or, do the vast majority of Canadians really give a sweet flying fiddler's .....! Some meaningful news, pleeeeease!!!
The 'cordon sanitaire' of agenda peddling journalists, crony capitalists, special interests, and self described 'thought leaders' have actually been in the driver's seat for sometime. Saunders has cause and effect completely backwards.
She's been on about this issue as well, so nothing new there either.
You might want to check your English before you hit post. Your first sentence doesn't make sense.
They're going to either form a government, majority or minority, or be the opposition. The NDP are toast, relatively speaking. Your rhetoric is probably going to be proven to be unfounded.
J.K.G. Mr Hudak has NEVER said he will reduce the public service by 100, 000 in 2 years - he has always said 4 years - and at four years 100, 000 by attrition is not an issue. It's just a hiring freeze - nothing more.
Wow, you completely missed the central point of the article!
moon howler is a drifter. Avoidance by introducing foreign reference to topic. Besides he hides behind a funny name. Such a credible gopher on blogs. Must be a xenophobe from ROC.
self inflicted no doubt
A plague of wild and ravenous crocodiles along Toronto's tropical Beaches neighbourhood. 700cm snow storms that will bury and suffocate entire cites, killing millions. Winds so strong the earth will stop spinning.
There's a certain amount of pragmatism to the policy that keeping Sunni and Shia busy fighting each other - and covertly propping up whoever's the underdog of the moment - is an alternative to them attacking the west.
My biggest fear is that you may be right.
Can I trade you for three or four thousand of them?
I'm doing my part. I don't buy ridiculously priced cups of coffee and never did like the donuts.
Simple solution here: Up the PM's salary to offset the cost of the nannies. Mulroney did it and Trudeau should too. Then, the Rabid Right would have to shut their pie holes
Are you one of the guys from the commercial?
Ah yes, not enough Liberal thumb monkeys to keep the liberal talking points as the highest rated. Here's a summary for you: It's Harpers fault. It's only been 4 months He's bringing the world together to fight climate change. He's "progressive"
I no longer recognized the liberals in Ontario. I was a life-long Liberal, until this government. :-(
Mark, its about time that you got over it, don't ya think?
I hope none of your kids are boys?
Unfortunately too true.
You know, the one about Alberta a product of Bible Bill while Saskatchewan was open to the communitarian views of Tommy Douglas. What happened to that post ?
how do you get to that conclusion?
Patience is a virtue. Something out current PM didn't learn growing up AEB his behaviour yesterday.
'The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.'- Edmund BurkeWell done Justin.
So all those presentations he did to international audiences on the merits of carbon capture and how it important it is to our green future - he was just lying? He doesn't actually believe it matters? You have a very low opinion of him I see.
No it didn't. It was a great recruiting argumetn for al Qaeda, though.
It sounds good except most people don't realize that you then have a hell of a time getting a second opinion for anything. You can even get tossed out of a family health time for challenging the doctor when it pops up that you did that.
'but are not ready to pay for it .'---------------And of course, in the hobbled imagination of the self-absorbed putz, the explanation 'not able to pay for it,' never rises to the surface.
Yes, was the night before Christmas Ron and all through the house liberals were skulking And dippers were lying, but most importantly Ron from Halifax was going to vote Conservative!
Sorry, I should qualify that - whereas what you say is probably an accurate generalization, this election is going to be won or lost riding by riding. Vote NDP in the wrong riding, end up with another Con government and maybe even a Con majority.
did you ever listen to the Green party's explanation of how they would decide/allocate their 10 seats ( assume they get 3 % of the population ).........check it out before regurgitating that first-past-the-post stuff
And of course the American news media - like the Canadian - cannot be held responsible for the Great Dumbing-Down.
Wow, fargo, you either don't understand irony very well or are a hypocrite. Either way, funny post.
indeed POLITICAL CORRECTNESS is not connected by an umbilical cord to COMMON SENSE
We will wait for the list of your authorities with bated breath, g. d.
Harpo gets less than half the criticism he earns.
straight up S TW Ottawa - you hit it, no quiet revolution, no discarding religious power and we get what we get as they, the cults, have a lot of money and influence behind the scenes. Despicable.
It makes sense Canada should say no.
Market forces are real. OTOH when 47 people control 50% of the world's wealth perhaps we can also leave room to consider that "market forces" are not, and should not be, the only factor.
Yeah... even when he was lying through his teeth.
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOW wow..... I......wow.....this...right here... Ok, you ever heard something so THICKHEADED that it put you in shock, LL7, what you wrote is it, for normal people.
Remember when the back of the plane was the smoking section? They should save the last row or 3 and seat all the overweight together... so long as it won't affect flight. Let them spill over each other.
"Do you mean stupidly voting for something they realized would do them more harm than good? " Are your referring to Brexit or Barrack "Hope and Change" Obama?
That's not much of a measure you're using.
Made my mind up months ago - voting NDP to make sure a Liberal does mot win.
Bravo Paul! The trolls will have their say, but we know their agenda.
Always me - apologies but I don't care, and seem to do better thinking for myself !
B.C. is the center of the coal mining industry in Canada. Coal is a major global polluter.
That's exactly right. They elected Ford to destroy Toronto, and he's doing exactly what he was put in office to do... just like the Tea Partiers are doing in the U.S..
Congrats! You have now been officially assimilated.
Hatchet job? Is there a specific topic that upsets you, or are you just annoyed that Mr. Simpson wrote the truth?
Damn good response.
You are free to leave and go to a backwards country that doesnt use fossil fuels any time since you feel so guilty.
Nuclear, wind. solar, natural gas . . .
I believe Trump is playing the media hook, line and sinker.
Agreed. More hyperbole and distortion.
The Democrats left the parliament buildings after the ministers speech earlier today.
Try reading it again - I think you missed the point.
Where does Gretzky live, Layla?
Hear, hear! Women aren't people. How ludicrous to think so!
Are private citizens allowed in actual Canada Post Offices anymore? I thought that we were only allowed to use Retail Postal Outlet boxes rented out by Private Sector RPO Franchise operators.
Source? Biblical?
35% support is all the CPC needs to form another government, considering the fractured state of Canada's opposition. Now stay ahead of the trend and start whining about "proportional representation" already...
I agree completely. It often seems to be a 'chain reaction' thing - one person reclines and everyone behind him/her follows suit in a futile attempt to 'regain the lost space'.
Exactly. Which is why should allow female genital mutilation, forced marriage of children, forced conversion, keeping children out of school, and any other idiocy people claim to be integral to their understanding of faith.
Keep your own tiny innocent victim but don't interfere with other women who do not view it in the way you do. The decision has already been made - in Canada abortion is not illegal. Please do mind your own business.
My vote is Donald... even though Manhatten did not give him many votesMaybe they know something. NYT has the best online paper on this continent btw......puts GM to shame
I used to think the WHO was a responsible organization. I used to think the Cancer Society actually wanted to cure cancer. I used to think there was no such thing as corruption. I used to think the Globe and Mail was a reputable newspaper.
Can't attack the troops who are not going to be engaged in actual conflict with ISIS
I thought he meant the Brad Wall that can't speak a word of French.
I think you mean David Frum. Although he is a bit of glum and grim from which you perhaps get, Grum.
The negative thumbs that you got for your straightforward account of the real world is proof that your concern is a valid one .
Who's definition of 'better' shall we use? The nanny liberal socialist one, the wikipedia version or the persons involved's opinion?
Every companies I have worked at have a dress code: Men must wear pants and closed shoes if not a suit even when it's 40 outside. Women? little dress, sandals etc. So waiting for your article on this sexual discrmination
I guess you don't know that it isn't illegal to smoke pot. It is illegal to own it or sell it. Taking a puff of someone else's stash is not actually illegal.
and neither obama nor HRC did anything to address it. so the voters went elsewhere
I'm certainly no Harper lover, but the lame attempt by Russian twits and dupes to carry out charades on these boards show just how lame their level of sophistication is. Goon squad pimping for glorious leader, head goon Putin!;-)
Ask the veterans what?
He only balanced the budget by refusing to spend what was budgeted.
Canada didn't fight in Vietnam. Lynden Johnson wasn't a conservative.
I wouldn't put too much stock in the sagacity of Barack Obama. Conrad Black wrote a great piece on his SOTU address (treacle) in The National Review for those of you who are brave enough to venture outside of the cozy confines of the Globe and Star.
Stephen Harper would force his upper hand in an outhouse. The only answer is to do to him what he did to Paul Martin or what the electorate did to Brian Mulroney.
Perhaps because they're Canadians by birth?
Dolly - you're examples are all rhetorical. Obama has one of the lowest records of getting legislation he sponsored through Congress. ''Avoided depression''- so did GWB, but I'm sure you're not nominating him for president of the year.
You have my respect and thanks. (Oncologist in Ontario)
It was quite clear what it was referring to - the types that think women should be in purdah.
ROTFLMAO'Like when beauty contestants say they want world peace.'I can just picture the lisping Trudeau, giving such a speech, starry eyed in his bikini and carrying a bouquet of lilacs, right now! HAHAHA
Your stupidity rises so high I can't see it from down here. 
american money
More terrifying is guessing which right wing extremist will BE the next Hitler.
How about a pm who tells the truth, shows respect for parliament, does not put corporate profits ahead of everything else, and actually cares about Canada. We don't have that at the moment.
Here is the quote from the article, which you haven't read properly or understood: 'Lastly, in stating that women ?lose power as they age,? Ms. Steinem promotes an oddly patriarchal definition of what power is: hotness.'
Sure, let's go back to the interventionism of the Bush era. That worked out wonderfully, didn't it!
Are you saying that all rational people love Trudeau? Self-delusion at it's worst...
Saunders accuses certain party leaders in Europe of being 'explicit supporters of' and 'backed by' Putin. I say he's a liar.
Just look at the Sunshine list and take it from there..!
Made in Canada 'pitchforks and torches'.
Hope springs eternal
Actually the Harper regime has wracked up a lot of debt, more than the Lib or other Tories have.
Lots of yammering about Israel's 'rights' ...None about its responsibilities.
except the Federal Cabinet of course
He used to be a Liberal. I agree he is impressive, and I can't wait to see him mop the floor with Harper in a debate.
And, another simplistic 'analysis' from someone who clearly thinks that retribution is a justice system.
After slamming Canada with the unFair Elections Act, you guys can dangle in the wind for the next four years. Looks good on 'ya.
[..and btw, I'm not a feminist or a lawyer.] No, you couldn't pass for either.
The West is the most tolerant society=========LOL, most laughable statement. British invaded the whole world and brought these people in - they deserve every word of Qur'an.
Well, if you really have a problem with this payment that was entirely within Treasury Board policy, it's the responsibility of the President of the Treasury Board. Go ahead and have at him.
Cathy how much did you get paid by the Harpo cons today? You are talking nonsense.
I wasn't commenting on type change, just change. I was also saving the Canadian taxpayer a few hundred million dollars. Please stop projecting your own fantasies and assumptions on me and please get some help with critical thinking.
Wikipedia is written by people who have a wide diversity of opinions, but we try hard to make sure articles have a neutral point of view. Your recent edit to USS Shasta (AE-33) seemed less than neutral to me, so I removed it for now. If you think I made a mistake, or if you have any questions, you can leave me a message on . Thank you.    
Coo coo 2 u 2
The Al Smith dinner tonight. Trump booed for his bad taste speech. Its totally cringe worthy.
Of course you do. He is an elected official who has lied consistently. The voters have a right to know if he is even in rehab. Why do you believe he is doing what he said he would?
The Globe and Mail has chosen clumsiness, bad political instincts, and unelectability, over corruption, cynical dishonesty, and gross ineptitude. I suppose this is a simple case of choosing the least bad option.
Good for you. Keep collecting bums and junkies and try hard to be proud of them. 'Poor people' my foot...
Ms. Wente is actually quite pro-Israel. I think your comment is misplaced.
Those Russian ideologues are in the same club as of those north-americans who propose to orient democracy on the base of the sacred 'Books', putting dinosaurs on Noah's Ark, and Darwin in the garbage can. Enlightenment is a rare thing.
More likely all that face surgery that did it. (ps: I think it's a wig)
a near-run escape from fascism? speaking of partisan ...
Harper thinks it belongs to him.
What about his garbage dump in St. Thomas. Consumption and waste in Toronto continues, you just truck it down the road.
Your calculations are suspect, less talking, more sweeping!
the other observation is that P.E.T loved this country with passion, Mr. Harper does not.
Of course the Harper Conservatives could have balanced the federal budget a few years ago if the had not cut the HST by 2 points.
er no. your wrong. stick to what the experts tell you.
You have never heard about Bill Clintons rape charges? Why am I wasting my time, you probably love Turdo also as prime minister.
Bikerman & G S. Stop, you're both right. The government needs changing and the system has serious flaws that need fixing.
Is your head in the sand? Perhaps the British weather service is reporting that global warming is a myth but all the other scientific evidence is supporting a more accelerated global warming than even anticipated. Biased? I think so!
We have frigates and other naval vessels. We also have an army and an air force. Starting your post with obvious untruth stopped me from reading the rest.
Hazel McCallion Mayor of Mississauga calls Rob Ford a 'people's politician' She should know
When comparing public and private systems you choose between system # 30 and # 37 on the world health care stage... look at the top half dozen rated systems not those dysfunctional systems in North America inferior to them.
After spending the class watching cat videos on You Tube and not paying the attention, they want the instructor to post the material and/or Power Point notes on the university's website.
True, "hate" is a strong word -- but given that evidence I don't see much in the way of love, either. I'm open to suggestions, though -- how has he shown he loves this country in a way that wasn't a politically calculated show for the base?
The canned comments are easier, but the teacher's don't have to use them. But of course, their union bosses encourage them to use the most efficient way (remember, education is all about the children).
Yes, that's exactly what we're attempting to do, help Putin, spread lies. We were too blatant. We criticized an article. You caught us.
That article made me feel all nice and warm and conservative. Oops, I mean comfortable. No... conservative.
Social science that fails to account for historical context and the impact of class is seriously lacking. The data may be good (though still not totally reliable), the interpretation not so much.
...so...a crop from the Western Provinces is a new thing ''!'!??It happens every year... and lots of agencies know about what the yield is..and who is buying it .and where it has to go.The Crow Rate was done away with... so...let's rock...
Thank you for proving that your posts' objectives are purely partisan.
The problem is our monetary system that requires infinite growth in a finite world. We can't keep 'growing' the world and 'need' for resources without destroying what we have. You can't drink oil.
...worked out GREAT=NO UN-COMMON SENSE DE-EVOLUTION part deux!!...
Most Canadians get more from government than they give. That is why a 'spend and tax' government is so popularGod help us if Mulcair or Trudeau ever get elected
Not taxing the rich has not floated us poor people up. TAX THEM before I get my pitchfork.
No, UK voters are discovering Cameron's inner Scooby Doo, not Maggie Thatcher. Cameron didn't even participate in the most recent Leaders Debate broadcast on BBC.
Whoa there cowboy. What good have nuclear weapons done for any of the countries that still have them. Your Ukraine would be wiped off the map if the Russians even perceived such a threat.
By sending the hordes home.
So I guess you prefer "all men are potential rapists" then? Okay.
wow, a journalist who's completely wrong again. Will surprises never cease?
You will be waiting a very looooooooong time.
Canada's secret role in the Iraq War beyond Liberal myth making & propaganda: http://coat.ncf.ca/mideast/WikiLeaksIraq.htm
OUCH!!'''Turkish PM says Israel's Netanyahu on par with Paris attackers''''
It should logically depend on the culture. In those where people get married and reproduce at 15, it is 15, in those where people get married at 30, it is 30.
I disagree, having had my children young. Coming up on 80, I know all my grandchildren (5 to 27) and if I'm able to stay healthy, might even live to see great grandchildren. Who needs teen-agers in the house when you're in your 50's?
documentation please
Try making paragraphs. It is very difficult to read without.
wow - who gives this a thumb down? AC would be fine if we used it properly.....instead we have goofballs at the switch who seem to think an air conditioner is supposed to be operated like a refridgerator
We all know him for what he actually was. He contracted the demon cancer, most of us have been exposed to this in some form or other. He leaves us now, time for to us think of his family and friends and pray for them , rest in peace you old rebel !!
I would guess that is a pittance compared to the per capita expenditures of governments for all services and programs for non-aboriginal people. $14,000 per person? Good grief. That would be eaten up by education costs alone.
So if someone votes Conservative they are not a true Canadian? I only one party can lay claim to being 'true Canadians' then which party might that be? Sounds a bit Soviet to me
Well said, rebkay!
It?s almost a ritual ? as if from time to time a terrible thing happens in our land and we are required to make a civil-liberties sacrifice to the gods in the hopes it will not happen again.---------------------------Well-said.
The harper corporation is promoting the Bangladesh $39 dollar a month solution for Canadians , guess harper thinks they won't need Canada once the pipe lines are completed and they have built their firewall around Alberta.
Ergo, Justin is no fool. Jack Bauer, your analytic and critical thinking abilities continue to astound me.
Greg189It is 'both'.On 'our side', we have been told that somehow we can 'un-tax' ourselves to prosperity and retain the same programs for less $$$Meaning; nonsense..
Alceste, are you going on the record to say you have no issues with another child being raped by a pedophile because you think he should be released until his trial.
You raise a great example and while the Giant mine is particularly egregious, it is also typical of the failure to consider all costs when looking at the cost/benefit evaluation of resource projects.
He admitted to smoking crack months before he went to LA to be on Kimmel. God knows how.
If taxpayers don't fund native reserves. Well, who does?
I was expecting the paranoid Harper Derangement Syndrome types to appear. You did not disappoint.
The list of things that need to be changed after Harper et al are gone is becoming very long.
I've been trying for years to accumulate enough capital to become a capitalist. To have the government confiscate my investments is not something I'd be keen on.
BCHW, similarly nobody's stopping you from going back to your ancestral homeland of Siberia.
Gas town has changed dramatically in the past 10 years. There actually now protests that it is becoming too 'yuppyfied' and unaffordable to the street people. The street people are there, but they have moved further along.
Good point Jack. Perhaps we can encourage Mr Simpson to write an article highlighting the benefits of lower government spending andsmaller government.
...or the Conservative Party of Canada?
The real history. Or the Liberal rewrite of history that has been force fed to us ?
I would guess the later as the usual suspects are in a tizzy.
Resources not only provide Canada with an edge in relation to those that need them, resources may also give Canada the financial underpinning it needs to further diversify its economy.
It may be perfectly valid to dispute specific terms in specific agreements, but all prosperous economies have trade agreements. There are no prosperous isolationist countries.
Almost everybody who posts like this has no idea how the transfers actually work.
McGuinty's real friends, apparently, are corporations. That's who's benefiting from cuts to workers salaries.
like baird stepping into a coffee shop in east Jerusalem semantics or establishing falsehoods as facts on the ground semantics?
John Baird: he didn't represent Canada for you.
As opposed to the US guns that already flood across the border from America into Canada and the US?
Check your facts, Doog.
and now for the bad news....
We need immigration if we hope to pay for things like health care. We have an aging population, a decade without immigration would leave us in the dark ages.
A white supremacist symbol has been showing up all over the world for many years now, on walls, tables and especially school books. How can this epidemic be stopped?
I'm afraid that's not true. The 'white' poor are not told by their mamas not to reach into their pocket for their driver's licence, nor to yell 'Open the car door officer so I can keep my hands in the air.'
"cut your iPhone more than basic cable TV cigarettes booze vacation" 'And get off my lawn you lazy kids!! 1!'
Here, here. Yet another five minutes gone from my life.
There is an excellent overview on CBC's The Current - Tuesday Sept 30 - >> Post-Arab Spring, Hisham Melhem fears 'Arab civilization has collapsed'http://www.cbc.ca/thecurrent/episode/2014/09/30/arab-civilization-has-collapsed-hisham-melhem/
'The big splits are on cultural issues ? law and order, abortion, marijuana policy'No... the big splits are honesty, integrity and that minor thing that Harper campaigned on but never allowed to happen - transparency.
Chretien won three majorities with 39% +or-.
@foley 12 - OMG please go back and finish 9th grade math. Average describes a category of calculations, including mean, median, and mode. Median is a type of average.
Always good to hear the view from Baba Rossiya.
or a conjobber...
At least Mulroney paid the price for his sins against mankind by ending his party for the foreseeable future. I don't think I will ever see another progressive conservative party in my lifetime.
did you follow and gobble up her stuff while she was writing for Al-jazeera too?
This is a very interesting point, which had never occurred to me. Thank you for your post.
While I agree with the premise of your post - I have to challenge the 'Tens upon tens of billions' number that you throw out. Reference please?
Then there must be an awful lot of crazy Americans since the US has the highest homicide-by-firearm rate among the world's most developed nations.
Joint at the hip? Or one in your mouth?
Struggling Canadians I see don't work or study very hard, they prefer to "party".
There may be a few good suggestions but like most (all anonymous BTW) G&M opinionations, it is ideology-based and therefore defective.
Imagine, having the nerve to rain on 'Sunny Daze's' parade.
If there were a consensus among citizens, the king of Kyoto, Stephane Dion would have been elected a few years ago. Having a couple of global warming alarmists say its so doesn't make it so.
I know - that's what the 'deep' analysts would like us to believe. She is basically a con woman, who got into her role so deep and benefited so much that she started to believe her own lies.
And the unions including the teachers union are helping the government to hose their members. See my posts.
Is this a paid ad ?
I assume would keep their distance and talk to the guy. A quick order to drop a weapon and then a shot is not the only way to do things.
The West must never forget where their monetary wealth came from: slave trade, colonization, opium trade
High blood pressure is known as the silent killer because you don't feel anything. I'm glad whatever you're doing is working for you, but please don't further contribute to the mythology.
Wynn is complicit in this abject stupidity.
What else could it be? Jews have been in Quebec for over a hundred years, and now, all of a sudden, it has become a problem?
Ted Morton, a leftist? Wow, is the good professor ever out of touch!
Yeah, it's so disappointing that Trudeau has not accomplished in 3 months what Harper couldn't in 9 years. And with oil at $34 too!! Right Layla4?
I am deeply comforted to know that this will be available when I am ready to pass on.
Concealing identity while swearing an oath? That won't fly.
She could have said it in er cv,s. DUH...
Globalists, leftist, elitist, Marxists - terms to describe anyone who doesn't want to revert to the 1930s.
I believe he is one of Matty's
It exists throughout the Western World. Judges release killers and rapists loose, then retreat to their gated communities. They don't understand why the peasants are angry...
@Ratbag1: Unfortunately, they get Conned into it.
And Canada is Liberal enough to allow it.
Nah, they just promised beyond what was attainable and now the people are left holding the bill wondering what the heck just hit them.
The indoctrination of anyone under the age with religion should be made a crime. The problem is the government is the biggest offender, looting hundreds of millions of dollars annually for religious schooling from tax payers.
I really find the anti-environmental sentiments echoed by some commenters here rather disturbing. You would rather live in a polluted cesspool?
Oh I'm going to be very much being engaged, desperately trying to eke a living as the dollar plunges on promises of unicorns and Kennedy cliches.
You hate freedom? Do you hate it because with freedom some people produce more than others and get rich?
A Chinese proverb - kingdoms topple when women goes on top in sex.
Reread my post I never said he was not entitled. I said the optics look bad and I don't believe you are running for parliament.
Holy Crow, it's like I asked for the time and you're telling me to build a watch. Good luck with al that.
Of course our current PM has never HAD to work and what would his real job have been?
As one friend succinctly put it: 'Islam needs go have a Reformation.'
Yes, like Americans who want to cut our Queen's head off have any respect for us either.
Yes Flo you're probabbly right. The world would be better off with more Stallins, more Maos, more Hitlers and more Pol Pots....all enemies of religion.
I would prefer a straight cut to my income tax rates or increase in the minimum exemption. Short of that I fully support raising TFSA thresholds that will allow me to save more for retirement.
I don't recall the author taking the former government to task over the effectiveness of its more belligerent tone. Or does he think that Putin took threats from the Harper government seriously?
Wow. Justin beat the most unpopular, demonized PM in the history of Canada. What an accomplishment. That's about as difficult as going to the bathroom.
finally, common sense.......thank you.
I'm more likely to be murdered by a male acquaintance than a terrorist.
Teachers' Unions do not set standards or curricula.
Proof of your statement? A reliable, non partisan source please.
'Now' should obviously read 'no.'Hazards of multitasking.
Agree. But none of those initiatives have a snowball's chance in h*ll of aboriginal approval.
Go back to sleep folks. Margaret doesn't see an issue here.
Lefties don't want dialogue. They shut down any disagreement with their views by labelling those who disagree with them as fascists, racists etc.
and your post take first prize for absurdity.
You've outdone yourself.
Desalinated water is super expensive or they would do it everywhere. More nukes? How about another 3 Mile Island or Hanford - there hasn't been one built in the US since the former freaked out the citizens. lol
Fear is the sword of the authoritarians........for they have nothing without fear. Mr. Harper is the most authoritarian in Canada's history and therefore relies on fear like not other before him. Is this the Canada we want?
Really? There's people that believe this nonsense? 2% of the population is going to conquer and subjugate us?
Sheep, how do you know how the officer felt? Were you there? Do you know all the facts?
So you think the majority don't question the benefits of free trade agreements with third world countries?
Ask yourself... do you think Harper and Trump would get along? Harper got along with Cameron, Benji and Sarkozy.... not guys like Trump.
Absolutely 100% accurate.
Yes, but they won't admit to that now.
@Lamont That's utter horse manure. Wente is one of the most protected columnists.
Ridiculous. All those southern white redneck racists were supporters of civil rights for blacks until the Black Panthers showed up? Absurd. You seem to have your very own version of history.
The same verbiage might apply to the FN .....
If you are looking for smarter, you are looking in the wrong place. Fantasy maybe.
how do you know that? sources svp.
Competition between nations is extremely common. Expecting neighbouring communities to share wealth and resources just doesn't seem to happen. So each community is effectively an island. Don't ask me why. .
you've never read a holy book, have you? If their adherents actually followed what it taught, they'd all be in prison.
Although, Rowat, there is oil in Nigeria as well.... ...Maybe you want Mali as your counter-example....
If you cherry pick, especially if you cherry pick studies from anti-drug organizations, you can prove anything. How likely do you think it that an organization like drugabuse. gov would publish a pro-marijuana paper?
What a surprise this morning. I thought I was reading the Globe and Mail and it turns out someone had switched my subscription and I was reading the Daily Mail. Is this really the best we can expect from Canada's 'national newspaper'?
QED to cotuitKayaker. Well played.
unbiasedpress: The thing is it is all true. And equally true of Stockwell Day who signed a security deal with Israel on behalf of Canada. Not that he or anyone else will reveal details - for our security ya see.
Dan 315, well said.
YoYou people are just plain "thick ". We have the greatest country in the world, best economy of the G7 and still you make assine remarks like are posted on here. What do you wnat for Heaven's sake ???
I teach at a US Ivy. You are full of 'crap'. Perhaps you would like to return to the US?
You'll be waiting a while... you keep voting in Liberals provincially and you'll vote in a Liberal as the next PM. Not until socialists completely suck the wealth out of society will the madness stop.
Like drinking, driving and guns, religion needs to be licensed and distributed in small doses from the RCBO
So if a woman gets drunk in a bar and some guy (or girl) picks her up and has sex with her, when she wakes up the next morning and decides she made an error in judgement she can't claim rape.
I hate this timeline, I think it doesn't capture all the relevant details. 
This infomercial has been brought to you by Lawrence Martin and the Liberal Party of Canada.
Of course they won't. The west now has its very own soviet style media but with a bit more flair.
I love the internet. Everything old is new again. I don't see the difference between a MOOC and a correspondence course, except that maybe MOOCs aren't advertised on match book covers.
goodness me ... i have a hard time believing anyone published this smarmy piece of pointless wandering ... sounds more like a freshman college student than a professor ... however, the author does seem to have a good feel for vindictiveness ...
It's just a matter of time that some gov't will mandate that paper must contain at least 10% of wheat waste.
'faces and identities can be privately verified prior to the public ceremony'Says it all right there. The ceremony is just for show.
Intercontinental looting and genocide figured prominently in western 'success.'
The racial angle is played up when the story concerns Americans, and downplayed or ignored when it takes place in our multicultural paradise.
What is really disheartening is we are not alarmed at how brazenly crooked our national government is.
Good Jadondre....then maybe it is time for the natives to start abiding by the treaties because they have been breaching them with impunity.
Of course all great powers use these tactics to extend their influence. No shocker to realists. Maybe Globe readers in liberal Canada would be appalled. These tools are older than Rome.
The G&M gives us this nice opportunity to express thoughtful opinions. Could both of you elevate yourselves from name calling?
I endorse the Globe, but not the Editorial Board!
Next time you go to Timmies you could see an opportunistic politican like Harper photo opping for cheap votes. Which I suspect would be a fine use of public space, in your estimation.
Actually Suzuki IS a scientist . . oh wait a minute . . you're a conservative so of course you're wrong.?
Moon needs to hug a Unicorn, take a selfie, and ride out on a rainbow. Of yeah, and take advantage of all possible reimbursement for expenses available. He will feel much better then.
can someone translate this into English?
Source: en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Citizens_Coalition
Test for JeSuis(not)Charlie - not sure if it is me or there were 10s of posts removed (from a few different posters at least)Canada, congrats to our free(er) media!
Douggie is a globalist mouthpiece. They want all of humanity fed by a 5000 mile long- just-in-time supply chain. There couldn't possibly be any risk to that, could there be?
And then there is the mathematical kicker: Gerrymandering + Bloc Quebecois + 2 parties to the left + voter apathy = a majority with under 40% of the vote, under 25% of the eligible-voter population.
Terrorism of any kind swims in the sea of the deranged.
Reply to nitroglycol204, miquel, and gundi: Thanks for the support, guys ! We need to stoke the anti-PC revolution.
Poor Lorna, I wonder if her religion makes her reject free choice in all things?
Bringing Russia to heel -OMG! You warriors are something else.
What a load of self-serving, self-congratualory nonsense! No wonder Canadians outside Quebec have no idea what's going on there.
You are funny. The Clinton News Network is one of the world's most corrupt cartels.
from Berig in RochesterI dig what you're saying, even ditched my car twelve years ago at age 50, couldn't be happier. Sadly, as long as people equate materialism with well-being companies like Amazon and Waddle-mart are going to exist.
Why don't We all become conservatives then Harper will be our God.
..."fair share" it's who are putting a moving target on taxes... (whoops)
Shhh, Liberals need no encouragement to print money. Wynne doesn't have her own printing presses that's why she's electing Trudeau, he's got the presses.
The Conservative boot-polisher howler may have inadvertently provided a useful post by illustrating what passes for sober thought on this issue within the ranks of that party.
Dump the monarchy, elect a president (keep calling him GG if you wish) and give that president-GG power and authority to protect parliament from government and PMO abuses. Oh, and dump the senmate.
If Mulcair wins next election just think you wouldn't have to deal with Quebec anymore and the rest of the Country wouldn't have to deal with Harper.
It's only funny when your side is tearing the town down, not so much when the other side does.
Grade school is where the problem starts .....
MR Baird by all accounts was a decent man. You cannot say that about certain conservatives.
It was all there before, you just had to look past the hype.
Doug has his cart and his horse disordered. I hope he doesn't get paid for writing.
Dick, Infinite growth in a finite world is insane. Seems that people like you are the problem. Learn to think and question. Like I said before BS.
It should be based on income. The only fair way to handle things.
Fund them as independent schools, not as Catholic schools. In B.C. that means they get some money from the province, in return for adhering to the province's requirements. But to fund them because they are Catholic is just wrong.
That is the plot line for insipid movies like the Mighty Ducks not real life politics.
Also visiting Muslim mosques in Peterborough is more important.
if you received a tax deferral when you contributed to your pension (most likely) then you certainly should expect to pay the taxes you decided not to pay in the past. .other than this, what laws are you forced to obey in Canada?
You have risen from the dead?
go back to Sun News where you belong.
Is this satire??
Right on! Editorial was horrible, your comments much better.
There has been very little coverage of Abu Bakr, let alone Assad, who are the two warmongers in the region.
Renzetti is not young. She's an old woman who is very bitter and has blown a gasket from reading this bizarre opinion
Doesn't make sense, does it?
Keep burying your head in the snow and voting Liberal.
I think Steven Forth is a bit enraged.
Neither Kenney, Moore or Baird were in the closet with him.
This is the same editorial team that endorsed the CPC, sans Harper, less than a week ago? On the basis of what I just read, they should have endorsed anyone but the Conservatives! What a joke.
nope you have a tin foil hat...
It's the decline of fairness and balance that is most mourned. It appears the great American middle has disappeared.
You're actually denying that a 'renovation tax credit' is a regressive tax policy? Oh, I see you are comparing manufacturers to home owners. It all makes sense now.
Ralph Goodale again, probably.
'We need to shame hackers, not trade in their stolen goods.'Is the G&M saying that society's mores have sunk so far down that you actually need an editorial to condemn these obviously immoral & illegal practices?
Your plane is going to have different pilots and will run out of fuel before the 2030 ETA!
SEE OTHER POSTS. CTV Ottawa never too old, changing gears, Google Earth photos by art campbell ascension island b26 burning on the runway.
The inerrant word of our saviour. With all of his infinite wisdom. Praise The Lord.
It's not just math that's getting dumb-downed. These days high school science has been reduced to studying farts as an alternate fuel source.
uh...he's EXPANDING the ground war. You should be happy as a war monger and war -criminal supporter.
Or like how extremists are now moving in on the NDP?
Stephen Poloz was impressive at that press conference.
That is rich Mark Shore. Most of what Selwyn is saying can be found in any climate or meteorology textbook though I confess some confusion around his comments on CO2.
US A, is there a war raging in your head? There are chemicals to help you.
cassandra and michele... a fine pair of 'spinners'...short on truth, but long on hate
Ooohhh... It's Wendy Whiner... making sure to ridicule males at even the hint that someone suggests they are victims.
'objective reasonable persons of normal intelligence with ordinary general knowledge'well, that sorta answers it right there, alceste.
Americans helping the victims of Saddam Getting rid of Saddam the dictator and torturer was in the interest of the victims of Saddam The Iraqi people were the victims the Americans were not the victims they were helping the victims of Saddam
If they'd been driving Teslas they'd be dead...
Closing in on quite possibly a thousand posts. For many, this may be their only chance to 'talk' to a Hollywood star.
You are so right and all the strongest heirs have left (or forced out) for greener pastures leaving the Conservatives with a thin bench of ineffectual politicians.
It is reportedly said that one of the Justices, Lebel, even talked about freedom from religion. If this is true here you have a justice totally misrepresenting the text of the Constitution openly. Really incredible.
G&M, I think you are going to find yourself quite out of touch with Canadian's. You fools.
sorry the pro-crackhead voters are in Etobicoke and Scarborough apparently, the city centre voted for anyone but Ford.
They know how to do it, they can't because it would be a 4th Amendment violation. You don't get to just throw the Constitution out the window because terrorism.
The Americans who were making fun of Rob Ford on talk shows secretly wanted him as their leader. Well, they may get their wish.
The truth is that our laws, values and morals are man-made or natural. Divine will is purely an imaginary concept. So the argument that religion entitles a person to be sexist, racist or bigoted is no longer (because we know better) acceptable.
Copied from the European (mostly Nordic) countries; most of these now have a dual system but we're stuck in the 60s
Funny, one of those linked emails showed Hillary knew about the genocide of blacks in Libya in one town. She doesn't care about black people unless its an election year. So who is really the racists ?
Not in Ontario where Canadian history has essentially been eliminated form the high school curriculum.
When tax and control are your goals, it makes sense.
Canada could not have descended into this quasi-fascism without the co-operation of Canadians who've sold out democracy election by election, piece by piece, for cheap tax cuts.
Oh wow and that works out to how much a year??
well diane, etc. the two of you are perhaps not the same person, but the question does beg, how high the divider is between your respective workstations?
I prefer to think if it as dinosaurs beneath the soil and above it.
The G&M has endorsed Harper every single electionWatch for them to do it again
That is, indeed, the warped, convoluted world of GOP/citizenry understanding of this thing called democracy.
so BobH ... when you gonna show how brave you are?
No, but try again.
The simplistic and discredited worldview that will be shattered and not put back together again is the narrow, self-centered, self-absorbed, exclusionary, every-man-for himself social Darwinism of the preponderantly fundamentalist neo-cons...
Rationalization what is convenient to a person is rationalized as "good"
It's nothing more than a dirty tax grab during s time of decline!! The gas prices are going to go up again, really!!!!How much to fill up know $100!!!We are neck deep in debt and making life more expensive!, really!!!!Rage!!!!!!
Martha Hall Findlay is the obvious second place choice but she can not even be considered because she shone some light on the shiny pony......... What a joke.
You blogging boys just make this stuff up, don't you? No, Obamacare has not failed. It has been more effective and less costly than expected. All of Mr Saunders' points are well taken.
If you read the Replies to the most popular comments you will see there is a thoughtful discussion going on.
all levels of Government has to stop making themselves and millionaiers,, Billionaires
Maybe a 'comedy' about when sharia law gets introduced in Toronna?
No she has been living in the Globe and Mail world which is really the Glib and Misinformed world
I read about some technology improvements to lithium batteries in the works that will increase their storage capacity by 3 times present. That's a game-changer for electric vehicles. Unfortunately, I lost the link to that report now.
Maybe your son could say he wants to be transgendered? Apparently that gets the attention of our provincial government much more quickly......
'Beware.'Of - what?
Thanks, grover station.
They don't want to admit that... still sticking with the angry old, white guy theme.
now if only the reasonable federal conservatives would break up with the looney right wingers running the country.
If you don't have a broker, you can't buy stocks and if you blindly buy things without understanding how the stock market works or doing any research on the individual stocks you're buying, you will lose money and it will be entirely your fault.
The Globe is a Business publication. Enough said?
'Free' refers to free from Keneda and its bloody queen etc.
Nobody asked for help and he told everyone to get the f out of the way. He aggressively left his seat to physically interfere in a situation. If this happened in any other business setting in the country it would be dealt with harshly.
DW1 -Your comment brings a timely bit of reality to these pages.
Looks like something our former mayor Rob Ford would do. He actually tore up a new bike lane to accommodate more cars.
It fits the popular narrative of the day to be bashing the 'rich'.
Well they say by 2040 the Auto industry will be closed for good ....So adding a tax to hurry this about i suppose is great news. ya think
This is why NDP will be replacing Harper next year !http://credbc.ca/norways-oil-gas-policy/Look at the picture , shame on our governments .
Arguing over a non existent entity? Isn't like that worrying about how many angels can dance on the head of a pin?
USWNT min per year is $72000 + bonuses vs CANWNT $18000 + bonuses
My home in Fairfield is 1/4 of what it would cost in my previous Vancouver Cambie St. neighbourhood. The west coast lifestyle is expensive. But it's a cost I'm able, and prepared, to bear.
Nicely said, RC.
What on earth does that have to do with Mia Farrow, or more importantly, Dylan Farrow?
how bout you go to university and get a science education? Till then, leave science to the experts
Chong is the leader they need, but he's probably not the one they'll choose.
Anything that has the potential of taking seats away from the Harper gang can only be good for Canada.
greece was forced to moved to the right because of rampant socialism and lack of money. They are now back left of left but they cant borrow anymore money to pay for their stupidity
Your boss Butts must be proud of your constant deflections to Harper and Conservatives since you have no defence for Trudeau's Liberals or Hillary's Democrats. I got dark outside before 8:00 pm and you know full well that is all Harper's fault!
prairiecowboyWell said. Cheers.
Not on this planet.
Kevin - still whining into 2013 I see. Exactly when did Harper declare war on First Nations? Speaking of mob rule - take a look at what the First Nations do on a regular base.
Did you read any of the treaties? There is great opportunity in this world for all and they don't rely on treaties.
extrooper Who cares what you think about India's character? India and China dominated world history from around 2000 B.C. till 1800 A.D., and are posed to regain what they lost through colonialism. Whether you or your ilk like it or not.
I know the theory of shooting for the centre of the body mass, but at that range, and given that he didn't have a gun to shoot back, going for a non-lethal shot doesn't seem wildly unrealistic.
Not to mention the educational requirements to become a nurse.
I don't recall Tabatha writing any opinion pieces on ISIS or Al Queda. What do you have to say about those supersitious fundamentalist militants intimidating and murdering people Tabatha?
You make more in the private sector than in the public sector if you compare similar jobs. The difference is that jobs are more secure in the public sector.
This is not about First Nations, this is about Natives, please learn the difference.
It's based on journalism neither teaching thorough nor critical thinking capacity; adsd in rush to profits by owner and voila! Poorly crafted article.
So, you're basically saying that because they wear headscarves, it's ok for people to make racist comments targeting them. And we should question them, rather than the people who made those comments.
U.S. Republicans... Brought to you by the Koch brothers! Hey didn't they recently sponsor some stuff at the Manning institute?
What an intelligent comment. Let's hear more.
Martyn, a degree doesnt make you a smart man, you can have poor judgement and be doctor. Or overconfident, or ill informed. Universitys never created gods.
Justin Trudeau-'Preparing to lose'
Too bad this lightweight 'travel writer' could not do a few weeks stuck in the balmy ice flows of his favourite continent, like the 'climate change' buffoons.
By committing to 2100, he has made it his great-granddaughter's problem.
Yes, the nations of the world must be all wet on this one, Ed.
Nothing wrong with Toronto.. just the idiot we elected to run it
Jason Kenny has a high school diploma and thats all.
yeah, teachers are great at standing up for their own interests masked as a defence of education and the student.
Canada owed them nothing then and still owes them nothing now.
How about the TFSA? It may have been introduced by Jim Flaherty but it came on Harper's watch.
nothing The Star publishes relating to politics has an 'senisical' value. The Star is the paper that endorsed Smitherman, McGuinty, Layton, Chretien and now Wynne.
Time to leave history and the past behind and move forward. Indians have potentially a great future if they choose to embrace it.
Thank you for this! I felt guilty about calling my great niece bossy (which she is), but I'm glad to continue to do so, now. I also won't object to being called bossy myself, which has happened all my life! After all, that's part of being the boss.
Old curmugeon, it does appear that you are confused by the facts.
Chris... Denis Coddere is the French version of Ralph Kramden, a loudmouth, portly, luddite that continues to run his game in another arena of politics.
Totally false.
That way you will learn about all the American medals.
That agreement is to appoint a Governor to rule Hong Kong. There is / never was democracy in Hong Kong. The Governor is appointed not elected.
Harry, where's your imagination? Look at a map of Canada and see all the places where new cities could develop and flourish. What if people thought the way you do 150 years ago?
So your standard of democracy is Saudi Arabia? Most of us are happy we live in a country with more rights than that.
Seniority should be banned because we all know that principals and other school admin are incorruptible, trustworthy, honest to a fault and would never allow something like favouritism or nepotism influence their judgement.
According to the majority of visitors to Toronto, yes it is.
Hardly news to anyone outside Owetario that both the province and Torrona are bankrupt. They've been telling every other province to live within their means for years but don't do it themselves.
See my comment above about why I believe it is essential that we link LT to the old man. As for my being a PMO staffer --- prove it. Otherwise you're just making stuff up.
Too many posters are uninformed and can't or won't take the time to get educated on this subject.
OOOOOH, the senate is just plain scared!
For sure China has all kinds of big problems, but Mr. Burton's image of China just does not square with what it has achieved in the last 30 years.
If this is the extent of your logic I am very happy you are not on my side.
Well said, outsideview
self governing paramilitary bodyJohn Sewell
Ideology: My vague recollection is that the provision was dropped during the Trudeau years. I should look it up.
Wynne might not have been a good choice, but she was a better choice than Tom Hudak's Conservatives. Sad, but very very true!!
But the government is efficient, they are not business people or entrepreneurs.
Beware of tunnel vision.
You're going to need to write another article to explain Trudeau's strong poll numbers.
not an argument.
Jeffrey C: ' ..You don't think those roads you use for free are really free do you?..'OH PLEASE !
The practical operational issue is...Can this proposal be administered from a closet?
WINNING AN ELECTION DOES NOT PROVE YOU WERE BEST QUALIFIED TO LEAD ... just more popular at that point in time. May I present Wynne.
Seems to me that if we expect the demand will slowdown then we should be doing everything we can to sell what we have now.
Mel from Eckville you are a Green Party member in disguise.
I've got to hand it to Elizabeth May. As far as I know she's the only politician to say what she actually thinks instead of what she's told to say.
vancharger, typical Tea Party Kool-Aid drinker. And its Trudeau's fault the CPC engages in so much elections fraud. Del Mastro, the Libs fault, Carson, the Libs fault, Sona, the Libs fault, Duffy, the Libs fault......and so it goes with the lies.
Fear, yes. And greed.
If throwing vast sums of money into isolated and unsustainable communities hasn't helped by now, then doing it for another hundred years won't help either. This drain must stop and be replaced with a better system.
Whatever Wente thinks, I think the opposite.
Angry Thomas? Any Canadian who isn't angry with what Harper is doing to this country scares the hell out of me.
'Canadian electorate had voted for an end of the bombing mission'Not this Canadian, and not 60.5 % of the electorate who voted for other parties. Come up with a different excuse Mr. Trudeau.
You nailed it Margaret! (PM Harpers enemies would love to have the Conservatives dismember themselves)
They are no more united than the EU is. They are nations and each has its own way of looking at things, just as any other nation.
For a scholarly article on Brexit, read Rex Murphy's column in today's National Post.
You mean like the left wing 'academics' who teach in schools of journalism??
Does science decide, or society, or each individual?
Junior? Still? Really?
More garbage drivel from the Globe and Star.
Sharon, Somehow I doubt that you are in the know. If you are, we are in big trouble.
Another wasted 5 minutes of my life. To read an article on France's current political landscape that barely touch on the immigration issue is like drinking a decaf espresso. Really, what's the point?
always_skeptical: typical Canadiana-Tm Horton's hick response. There's too many of you, including the mayor. That's why in 2013, we're still in gridlock-central, Caronto.
Isn't she already health critic? And what's with the one note scandal there? I mean, wasn't that from 12 years ago? Hedy Fry defeated Kim Campbell. She's very popular in her riding. And she's very smart. And you Linda in BC are what? Sour grapes?
MMackinnonNigel Wright has stated on numerous occasions he has NOT made a deal with the RCMP or the prosecution..
They should go to the law firm that handled the one billion dollar pay out....and get the money back....Someone has it and it is tax payers money... We don't need a tax hike... we just want back what is ours.
He was in danger of being charged at, that's why. The lion refused to get out of its car, and was trying to start the ignition and drive away dragging the good doctor with it.So he shot it.Just like bein' at home, eh doc? Hyuk.
I thought Pterson was Liberal.
Good point. Maybe the solution is to eliminate taxes on income and apply them to consumption only. After all, rich people spend more. Create a threshold for low income people so that they are not paying more proportionate to their total income.
Shut up moon howler. You're one of those who believed Iraq had WMD.
Well that makes me feel sooooooooooooo much better.
Agreed. Putin should be the final arbitor in any dispute. He is loved and respected by all
Spoken by an expert in 'brown lipstick'.
As a somewhat leftish secularist, I can assure you there aren't likely many of us in Harper's camp!
Why would I read the Globe and Mail op-ed's when I can just watch FOX News? Margaret, you don't have all of the information.
Some forms of terrorism may be a natural reaction to political disempowerment, some of it may be religious based, but I think in many cases, it is purely about smashing sh*t as a means of obtaining power.
Ignorance is the Harper gang's greatest ally.
This is nothing. Harpo won't move without $20 million spent to bring his tanks and praetorian guard along,
or Amish, for goodness' sake!
You're right! The Liberals adopted preferential voting in their 2012 convention. Time for the NDP to see the light.
Your final sentence is a truism.
Unfortunately, the children can not get along, in the sandbox. Bring in the gestapo!!!
maybe that's gonna be his new positive vision for Canada? VOTE TORY! GAZEBOS FOR ALL!
...against that religion that they are rebelling.
Parent groups and parents were widely consulted on this.
what would you have Canada do ???
He can have a dozen nannies.. as long as he pays for them.
Go ahead and bring a challenge. It will cost you- because there is no basis for a constitutional challenge. But do what you feel is right! Happy New Year.
When the dust all settles in 10 years, there will be a Franco-German economic union with secondary (no real voting rights) members.
iran also do not practice APARTHEID
and all the drugs you are taking should be outlawed as well.
She is the Antonio Salieri of modern fiction - no matter the topic, she is dogmatic, pedantic, unoriginal, uncreative, and predictable. She fits right in with the Globe's stable of anti-Conservative writers. Globe newspaper = CBC radio and TV.
No fuzz in the Canadian navel .-)
Only an idjit would give a convicted terrorist a second chance. Removing them from Canada makes other Canadians safer.
I don't think it would so much be a question of vetoing legislation as it would be of tailoring the legislation so that it would be acceptable to both houses. However, I've been told before that I am very naive.
Reboot? No. Just a boot in the right place will solve the problem.
Richard, you are not of this earth.
Hey so-called moderator (more like censor) do you know what a martinet is?http://www.vocabulary.com/dictionary/martinet
Conspicuously absent Doug is any commentary on the relative economic prospects of US citizens and how it has changed over the years.
The sooner JT gets kicked to the curb the better.
Why do the countries that lead in the War on Terrorism kill more civilians than the 'terrorists' do?
The sad thing is, its probably not even her own cracker jack box.
No line-up at the Rossiya border to go to Yekaterinburg. I wonder why?
Pretty sure killing soldiers in wartime is just called "war".
That does not excuse the authors for their narrow, one-sided view.
couldn't agree more. mr. trudeau it's one rule for all.
Your logic is...unique.
What outrageous is here we have the Canadian most senior foreign minister blabbing around using Twitter. com, an American media company, which by his actions further its profitability.
I think the Liberals were elected with your wish list as their platform. Or did you miss that.
I disagree with that argument. Democracy might be the best system for the United States, but many countries with other political systems have also achieved peace and economic growth
So what is your answer, other than cut, cut and cut some more. Everybody except me makes too much money.
The actuaries actually have very good data on the impact of atmospheric COx and risk. Their approach does not make assumptions about causality of course, but it has become an important part of how they plan for the future.
You can easily walk to downtown from that area. You don't have to cycle OR drive.
'Information technology workers displaced in Canada are being replaced not by cheap Indian workers but by better ones. 'What utter nonsense ! Where is your evidence for this Amanda Lang ?
except that PKP is not entitled to be head of state.
The man is opbservably insane. THAT - and ONLY that - is the reason that ... NO ONE is 'happy with him' as a potential 'leader of the free world'.
Trudeau is playing the long game. It is possible to lose a battle and still come out on top. I trust him to change the bill when he is PM.
Stop living in the '40s Matt. The rest of us have moved on from this a long time ago...
Great comment, political satire at its finest.
IHO Pierre Peladeau Sr. was an astute business man, but PKP appears to be a ball breaker. He will crash.
Tommy92, I'd agree, but I'd also add restrictions on where people can smoke pot. Let the smoke it if they like, but I really don't like the stench.
Tommy accepts 'full responsibility' then cleans house. This action is not accepting responsibility. Mulcair does not deserve to be NDP leader.
Ted never was very bright.
Hitler before he got to power wasn't far off Trump. Trump wants to sue newspapers that hold him to account and institute national 'stop and frisk' all blacks and Muslims. He's a neofascist. He also asked why nukes aren't being used.
Who cares whom the source was - it is not important - what is important is that Harper was directing a conspiracy, at the highest levels, to cover up this. And, I doubt that this was the first cover up by Harper.
I'm glad the author is now happily married, but that's no excuse to do no homework on Justice Antonin Scalia. The man is an anti-gay bigot and there lots of documentation to prove it.
How dare you Mr. Yakabuski, belittle the very real concerns of people like me. Watching the erosion of democracy is a huge deal and I will not have you tell me to go have a mani-, a pedi, a shampoo and facial and I'll feel better in the morning.
Thank you . Just starting to read 'The Comeback' Everyone interested in Aboriginal affairs should read.
Every decent, honest and informed Canadian hates Harper. Those who support him are deficient in one or more of those categories.
CBC motto: 'Hey, we're not quite as far left as the BBC!'
Safest would be to have no petroleum products, starting with you!
So far everyone's failed to point out the usefulness of being fluent in Eng/French should one want to apply to work in the federal government. FI has its ups and downs (the down being that French is just absolutely crappy as a language).
Sher, yer just a simple old provocateur. A Con, one would guess.
Not in Justin Trudeau's 'feel good' Canada. Mediocrity will become commonplace in this country again, just like it was after decades of his dad's rule.
If you've got the truth on your side, neutrality is kinda beside the point.
Well, take him then. Please. Anywhere.
If you can get a paying job hugging trees, then presumably the Liberals won't have to raise my taxes to pay your welfare cheque
"Poorer," was reference to the makeup of it's people, not pound sterling.
Well said Sir! Thank you!!!!
Dilettante, airhead, inexperienced, not overly bright . . . insert any talking point. They are all accurate.
Torontonians were the aggrieved party in this sorry episode. Mr. Ford was in way over his head and became a public embarrassment, on a global scale. Nevertheless, may he rest in peace.
Looks like you're a self-hating old stock Canadian. Your family is old stock, it's nothing to be ashamed of, and it's no more divisive than 'newcomer' which is word we use all the time.
In Mr. Black's defence, his show is not journalism it is fluff. To get a guest to come on to a show you have to be honest about what the show was about. If the interview was to be real journalism, Mr. Ford would have refused to appear.
'Trudeau wants to force a carbon tax upon us'If Canadians vote for him, they deserve a tax on their stupidity.
That article is a nasty little piece of work, BTW.
ugh, put to rest that argument, it is so false. often people (well, me) will come to the site for the comments in response to articles and enjoy the knowledge that the sludge is not being ingested by everyone.
....and you understand Europe, in particular Central and Eastern Europeans and Russians???
If it's not worth doing here, it's not worth doing.
Up to about 10 years ago I got the flu ever 2 years or so. Since then I get the flu shot every year. Guess what , no flu but I got pneumonia twice. Got a pneumonia shot last fall . Waiting to see if it helps.
If Jason Kenney becomes leader of the Conservatives the CENTER will be there for the taking! This will present an opportunity for Progressives to unite and consign the Conservatives to the garbage dump of history!
Under the Indian act movement off the reserves were restricted until 1950 (approx.)
Only if you apply the one-drop rule. Even then your figures are absurd.
So once Harper is booted from office in 2015 no one from his office is entitled to voice an opinion? Got it!
Many people are now turning to vapourizers for both pot and tobacco. Nothing is being burned so no tar. In the case of pot only the volatile compounds like THC are vapourized.
I've been to the Biodome with the family. It seemed like a pretty good use of that building and a decent tourist attraction. This old geezer is mad because it is not used as a velodrome by a handful of cyclists?
'Maybe these people don't have an idea on how to save the world, but at least they get together to try to generate ideas'generate ideas like how to grow economies from the heart ?
Yes, the repeat official endorser of Harper, the G&M, is a Liberal mouthpiece. Koo koo....Koo koo.
Lefties, political correctors, and special interest group types are followers, not leaders, can't think for themselves, and have to be kept on a leash and directed at all times,
For those of us who read something other than CBC, NYT or WaPo and can still can think for ourselves, Obama did fail.
Personally, I think we should eeeeliminate it.
Right on! Finally, a reasonable optimistic view to balance the whiners and complainers. We Canadians are among the luckiest people in the world, not because we are smarter or work harder but because of where we live.
Umbilical cords. The Globe's is attached to Stephen Harper.
Breaking news:''Five Syrians travelling from France to the U.S. arrested with stolen passports in Honduras''
'which means we consume four times plus our ghg emissions'No matter how many times you post your wishful nonsense, it's still nonsense.
You probably believe that the earth is flat.
agreed last para is the issue and the govt got it wrong , not the Supreme Court
Most Canadians do not return..........its too cold...
Answer to your last question: YES
And keep this little moron call Bieber...
This just in: Mass shooters are mentally ill. Wow. Really? Who'd a' thunk it?
One of those things being actual door-to-door campaigning. In my town it was the Liberal Party alone who made the rounds. As for the rest of my sprawling riding, I couldn't say.
Sask. corruption hmmm & half of Devines cabinet thrown in jail... but yeah, Montreal & Toronto got big problems... glad I'm here in Vanc.
'Fair Elections Act'. That has an Orwellian ring to it.
There goes the billable hours...
Straight Talk talks straight garbage.
You wouldn't have protested? Srsly?
Funny. It's the younger drivers I am more worried about, and who actually cause more accidents on the road: speeding, impaired driving, distracted driving, etc. Nice to see how ageism is reflected in the comments to my initial post.
Trump on the other hand is as white as freshly fallen snow.
Yup, they want us to kill each other. Have you looked into the celebration of Purim?
Is this some kind of word puzzle?
Ford is a self-confessed felon. He?s admitted to smoking an illegal substance and drinking and driving. The obvious question is: Why hasn?t he been arrested? Are Toronto mayors immune from prosecution?
Only thing worse than this article was his last one... absolutely terrible.
What secret? The publicity photos are out there for all to see.
CEO's are paid high wages as a result of taxpayer subsidies for their corporations. Oh....i see you forgot that.
Isn't billionaire Trump a 1%?
You are to right, I fear---about the ancestors I mean. Today,it will be forced on us and we will have to respond.
or maybe we could try creating more doctors in Canada, instead of poaching them from countries that need them as much, or more, than we do.
Right on. I'm sure the wise and future leaders of age will rely on the Pokies rather than a few thousand scientists who spend lifetimes measuring changes in our atmosphere and oceans.
Great column ! Reminds me of an old Quote. ' I don't make jokes. I just watch the government and report the facts. ' Will Rogers
The policy is sexist ... end of..As the old story goes, we've already established what you are, now we're just haggling over price.
Such as Junior's senate actions....
Remember the Red Brigade in the 70s?
Flaherty is never right really not with it .
If there is one thing Harper has absolutely no use for, it is free thinking.
How could any thinking person vote for Justin when Tom Mulcair is in the house?
It's intentionally divisive and it should upset you on that basis alone.
You do not consider your move to LA Globalization? If you can find the right people in SF but not LA, perhaps the problem isn't Globalization, but local Project management.
The real solution is indeed to 'dust'the Indian act and recind all treaties. Take the 16 billionper year, over the next 10 years 
Ouch and ouch again!
I thought we were better than this also. Apparently we are not and we will deserve what comes of this.
the sooner the cons get kicked out and the fibs are in, the better
What about this Libertarian candidate ? Any chance of him winning ? Now that would make history.
Unionized employees in Canada cannot sue their employer for wrongful dismissal.
Having 'fixed' health care Barry now wants to fix the climate.
Chrisspence457: Not everything in this world is blowback from some Western imperialist coup. If you'd actually read any of the Quran / Hadith, this might seem more obvious to you.
Congratulations Rmiller101, your dream of Stein winning is even more delusional than the Trumpster Divers. That was a tough hurdle to clear but you jumped right over the bar.
Rule of law be damned, indeed - do you even know what you're talking about? Each of your posts gets a little crazier than the last.
The ONLY reason the USA is not bankrupt is that they can print their own money on demand ! It's one level up from Monopoly paper ....
The biggest terrorists in the Middle East is the US and Israel.
'FACT is 108 died from the MMR vaccine then from measles in the US'FACT is they didn't
No problem, Mr. Himmler.
She is right that there is no simple answer to such a complex problem.
Before the US invaded Irak in 2003, there had never been a suicide bombing in Irak. Since the US invaded there have been 2,192!http://images.huffingtonpost.com/2016-09-01-1472759565-493250-extreme_extreme_vetting.jpg
Intrepid: The intelligent thing to do is go after the biggest killer first. That is Americans with guns....legally purchased guns...
Obama's foreign policy was just about as weak is it could get, I cant imagine Trump can actually be any weaker.
You make no sense. Every dollar used fighting drug criminals makes their life more difficult and drugs less available, if only because drugs become more expensive ... which is really drugs activists concern .... isn't it ??
If the author has written this with honesty and conviction then it reveals quite a bit about her perception of the value of human trust and treachery -and herself. The latter is unfortunately not good.
Canucks - exactly !
Why exactly are you calling him 'Zimmerman'? He has chosen to go by 'Bob Dylan'.
It's not going to drop because as the survey results from Thursday show that 85% of people believe vaccines are effective.
That would require a billion-fold increase in the credibility of these forums.
B.C. citizens have finally seen the Right. That is, the so -called fake Liberal Right. Ontarians have seen the Right, too.
Sorry, it was never directed to India. The Indians applied in mass because of the opportunities. The Chinese, I agree we wanted their investors and we closed our eyes about source of net worth.
Quebec can do what they want. I support them.
Sure, Truthblender, and the Liberals are unknown for partisanship. Just because you agree w it, doesn't mean its not partisan. C.
Boy Idiot had to blurt out his plan to stop bombing ISIS right away. Now he has the support of jihadist (they thanked him) but not the US president. Should read Diplomacy for Dummies...
If you are more concerned with a $ 15.00 hour wage than CEO's making $ 5969. 00 per hour... then you are part of the problem...
Anything is a real alternative!!!
The most significant cause of tooth decay in children is mouth breathing during sleep. Mouth breathing during sleep also causes dental malocclusion (crooked teeth) and poor TMJ alignment.
Many of them, such as the Somali Aayan Hirsi Ali, left comfortable 'middle class' lives to ride the refugee train. That they find themselves in Europe with nothing but their cel phones and suitcases is a matter of their own making.
He didn't say live voters.
A rage against the elites by electing one of the most notoriously arrogant, mean spirited, cruel, selfish, self-serving, dishonest elites in the entire world?
Don't disturb him with facts.
Pooooor baby. Seeing 'Liberals' everywhere. Even in the paper that has endorsed his dear leader three times... Yeah, take your whining somewhere else.
@IdeologyIsForLosers2 and you defend the critics for their hate, and scorn and insultus, persecution .... ??????
This judgment of women carrying foetuses is not a new puritanism. It's been around a while...
Oh Rorky , but I bet you would have liked to have been close by in a bush for a peek.
The rot starts at the top and continued because his staff, his MP's, and his supporters cheered him on.
Did you see the endorsed McGuinty several times ?
Good article. Funny, and sadly true.
on the other hand his toupee has always been a loyal follower
Yes, every PR system recommended for Canada would be an improvement. https://whoacanada.wordpress.com/2016/04/30/electoral-system-roundup/Majority coalition government actually represent a majority, not just single party tunnelvision.
As sirencall clearly struggles below with his ham-fisted attempt at spin, one persons attack ad is another persons truth ad.
because Bill took one shot at denying it, but when he was caught lying he recanted, Trump is another Lance Armstrong, every time he gets to the point of no return, he doubles down !!
I wonder how many Islamist countries have symphonies, ballet companies, theatre groups? One or two, none?
This link was an eyeopener and I must share it with all of you... since it explains much of Harper's behavior towards Canada and Canadians... http://www.globalresearch.ca/canadas-quiet-coup-harpers-conservatives-subservient-to-us-interests/5412745
Well, you see, same threats. Same counter-arguments. The UK obviously in a teetering situation.
Does the author know of any country more generous than Canada in its dealings with refugees? If so, then why is she staying here? Same goes for the bogus refugees that Harper's government is trying to stop from getting into our country.
One inhabitant does not a village make [ with apologies to Hieronymous Guggenheimer]Oakville will prevail, never fear.
Why the big hate on for Hillary? Looks like you're having trouble looking up to a smarter, harder working, more successful women. Sour grapes???
Quazz, that used to be the case. Much at the moment, at least in Europe, several of the "home-grown" terrorists are second generation, born and educated in Europe. Dynamics and expectations amongst new immigrants appear to have changed over time.
Didn't take long for a Trudeau fan-boy to respond. If it were Mulcair or Harper we could never hear the end of it - trampling democracy etc. etc. Why the hyperbole and strident voices would be everywhere.
You, sir, are no Churchill. Well, maybe Churchill during his, 'Hitler is a good man' period of adoration for Nazi economic plans.
pimple-faced porn loving oligarchs rubbing their slimy sweaty hands together dreaming up regulation and taxation methods that destroy wealth
Sorry, edibles and extracts are now legal for medical purposes.
check your spell checkyou misspelled 'Debt Hater'
Well, it is taxable. However, taxable to the lower income parent.
Aha !! a new candidate for the next Mad Professor movie
That poem is bang on!
So you'd rather eat a mutilated corpse. Charming.
But you have to really feel sorry for those poor school teachers and municipal employees, eh?
...and this is a paid announcement by the Liberal party of Canada. Is this journalism? Wow.
It's all Justin's fault. If it wasn't for his hair, Duffy could have lived in PEI and Nigel would not be offering $90,000 bribes.
Unbelievable that people actually voted for this creep.
...It's in their twisted DNA....
Have you read anything on this roy? There are tons of comparison where the F35 fails miserably. In fact, the US military had to adjust their performance test down, just so the F35 could pass
Hugh Segal is a socialist?
Are there no work visas available for foreigners (and for now I mean North Americans)? Is there the ability to get permanent residency, with a path to citizenship? Movement will not be automatic, but it likely will still be possible.
Most of them are on the government teat anyway. In the end, they are just shooting themselves in the foot.
I think that's moot.
But only after Canada changed its foreign policy to satisfy these angry young men
Pithy remark ... Anything to add regarding the article?
it is true Lysian did no research beyond re-reading an op-ed piece in her own paper!... and in a follow-up to her usual blindness to pro sports, she did not mention Qatar's purchase of the 2022 World Cup
Moe, he had a vision, just did, nt know how to tell us what it was , or maybe he never knew, it just sounded good
Fear does bring on fear mongering
Considering the precedent, who knows? http://canadalandshow.com/article/source-globe-editorial-board-endorsed-wynne-liberals-was-overruled
Obama proved that racism is alive and thriving in much of the US.
Tyrants who do what exactly - force you to have sex or force you to have sex with someone you don't want to have sex with?
Yes, and the reason wasn't necessarily water (Alberta is blessed with great rivers). It was buffalo. Only when the buffalo vanished--and disease set in--did the plains people stopped "roaming around a lot."
Peter MacKay: He?s the Minister of Wrong Again... Why is it that everything the harper CONservatives do is WRONG ????
Ding ding ding
The EU is quite clearly NOT a democratic system. And you seem to have an imaginary idea of what the referendum was about.
StewartBrian you are right! And at the top of the bird courses are the sociologists, criminologists and other 'ologists' that have ruined this country.
Don't confuse me with facts. Just give me a couple of good slogans and let me go away happy.
Is Donald Trump bad for American politics? Is the winter sky blue ?
Funny thing. My neighbour, who is from Newfoundland was bragging 2 years ago about how better things were back home. Now, he does not brag anymore...
Impossible. According to the left you are paying no taxes and you are hiding your assets in a foreign country or under a rock.
Hats off, RASKALNIKOFF.
i presume you're kidding here.
You couldn't think of any accomplishments, either, eh? Sad, really. But at least he wasn't a pig like Pollievre. Apparently.
j_wilson - for young players it's just as bad. Even worse perhaps since jail time wouldn't hamper their professional careers unless it was really long.
A deployment that massive means they're expecting to fight.
So after reading all the responses to K McIntyre, it turns out s/he is wrong because women can be white and angry as well. Trump still won't win.
The purpose of elections is not to reflect the political preferences of voter but, rather, to form a government despite our differences.
Glenn, thanks for your comment, a terrific addition had this been a popularity contest. Unfortunately it was instead an analysis aimed at determining why Canadians have less interest in their nation's first steps than Americans have in theirs.
Dare I suggest a less timid headline for this revolting development in baby-making? The progressive world is becoming very weird. I feel sorry for all the kids caught up in this.
Chocolate please.
Translation: Waah! I HATE Margaret Wente.
Why do people believe that the behaviour and the hatred exhibited is in any way a reflection of the President of the United States? Things are far far beyond that. I am really surprised by this post.
Proof that he has not donated to his own charity? Last available info was for 2008.
Interesting article, but is there no data from Scandinavia, which has had universal daycare for decades?
He would cancel the annual billions wasted in US taxpayer funding to Israel and, like this military top brass, recognize the threat Israel poses.
G&M needs to hire a brand new Editorial team. Ship the present one to the Toronto Star!
How can you be unaware of the fact that Roof WAS part of a group. He gives explicit credit to the 'Council of Conservative Citizens' in exactly the same manner that other idiots give explicit credit to Al Qaeda or ISIS for their atrocities.
Exactly . . . well said.// ..
The niqab is a cultural symbol and/or religious symbol which a great number of Canadians find inconsistent with Canadian culture and value, to the point of them finding it repugnant.
AllenJ - EXACTLY !!
Thanks for this summary but I thought the F-35 costs were much more, range of 70M - 90M, and that was just an estimate.
Honest civilian, Yeah, because Preston never comments in the Globe and Mail. Does a balanced discussion really hurt that bad?
You've been drinking the lieberal kool-aid.Have a beer and a stake and shake it off.
Well, Trump trotted out his daughter this week who claimed falsely that Hillary Clinton had no childcare or parental leave policies.
'Elmo Lincoln's comment is abusive and has been removed.'Rob Ford is abusive and should be removed.
Sounds great in theory, but as a buddy of mine is fond of saying: In theory, theory and practice are the same, but in practice they're not.
Rob Ford should be the next leader of the Federal Conservatives in Ottawa because of https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vZ5t1ix-b0Q
Great article. I really enjoy hearing another FN voice, thank you John Birch for your wise words.
Try to understand the difference between the article writers and the editorial board. I know it is difficult for you, but please try... you can do it.
There is no evidence that Thomas Mulcair and Justin Trudeau would do anything differently. The political benefits of being an imperial prime minister have so far proven impossible to resist. So I guess you'll endorse the Green Party? The Bloc?
Actually most scientists are very Conservative...
The electorate voted to remove a good tax like the HST; they have only themselves to blame for that particular issue.
You are wildly off-base. The author has far more insight and intellect to contribute than you can even grasp. Don't revel in your ignorance.
partly his blame, but partly media's. they ONLY ran stories that looks bad on him
What race card?
Or should that be oppressors?
DenF you are completely out to lunch on the serial killer claim and that type of extreme nonsense discredits anything else you have to say.
This horror was unleashed when George Bush decided to begin a war of choice on Iraq after 9/11. We and the Americans can do no good here now.
1988? Isn't that when all those CONs left Mulroney and became the Bloq Quebecios?
I saw the down votes, read the word 'prog', stopped reading, and gave you a down vote. Do you understand that?
Not mentioned by the author are the pro-EU leaflets sent out by dodgy Dave at taxpayer expense, 9 Million pounds.
I think the government is well aware of the looming job shortage yet is still pumping up immigration and the temporary foreign worker program to suppress wage growth in the name of globalizing the labour market. Such a shame for Canadians.
I said 'could' do so. I didn't say 'had to.'
Your logic is astounding.
Someone should out the guy and let him have his just desserts. Impersonation of a cop is a federal offense and I think the public will see to it that it is a temporary offense for vets as well.
Excellent question!
Penn is a poseur.
The Globe is symbiotically tied to the elitist notion that dying is made much easier through regulation, just as it editorially supports similar statist make-work projects for autocrats dressed up as social workers.
The "allotment" should be based on a "per square kilometre" basis.
Seems almost banal to point it out, but... here you are...
Thank you for this editorial, G&M. Sound reasoning and critique of this parliamentary monstrosity. This bill must die.
We shall indeed see how he governs, with Bannon of Breitbart putting ideas in his ear and the low-down and self-avowedly white supremacist Spencer nearby, but elsewhere.
At what point in time and to what degree of malpractice and egregious management, do the citizens of Ontario demand impeachment procedures?
I wrote 'rest of our MSM.'This obviously included the Sun and the Post. Define the others as you wish! Have fun.
Will you send me to jail, clown?
I notice Lawrence you never mentioned the school choir in Ottawa singing praises to allah, as your paper reported yesterday.. Is that the change Liberals are hoping for?
...Antichrist in the making?
Actually it is bazed on reviewing the comments in these pages.
Multiculturalism is just a last-ditch hail-Mary hope of a civilization that's run out of steam, it's just the interim stage between the old boss and the new boss.
Progressive, you didn't read the last line of the novel that reveals the savages who produced Jack and his savage cohorts.
I hope Canadians and lots vote for the NDP and not the Liberals so assuring the Conservatives of another majority
And the latest... the person who spilled the beans on the EI quotas has been suspended without pay. Nice government you elected, conbots.
Uh, no.We don't need another Chretien...... but he didn't damage Canada as badly as Trudeau Sr. did
I liked the suggestion I saw in a comment recently: put in the chosen alternative for a period of, say, 2 elections, and then consult the public. Until we try it, it's almost all unfounded opinion.
The usual....
Why conduct the survey if they are going to ignore the results? By the way, who recieved the survey - no one I know did.
'IS, a successor group to Al-Qaeda ...' Really? Rival sounds more accurate.
You don't want your newspaper to give you information about what's happening in the world? Ignorance is bliss I suppose.
A convicted criminal and a mayor being investigated for criminal behaviour are having a having a conversation on the Vision Channel? Is this one of those two pig walk into a bar joke?
The same applies to you, "Art", or whatever you call yourself online.
The Amazing Jeffrey Kreskin Simpson makes accurate predictions AFTER they happen. What a chump.
Oh Maggie, I guess you've been banned from reading the Times? Then why comment on Vlad's op-ed!?? It was brilliant...
I THINK YOUR THINKING OF THE CASTE SYSTEM
Rick Simpson Oil
'Here's another: why was Rob Ford so sure, all of a sudden, that it didn't exist?'---------------------------The burden of this should never have been on Ford - the ones making the allegations need to show their evidence.
'These are difficult days to be a Muslim' ?These are difficult days to be a non-Muslim too.
I'm happy to ignore professors like this guy. La lalalalalalala ... I can't hear you ....
Just substitute "non-believers' for "atheists" and the argument stands.
...And it's people like you, for me.
No Poog, you're simply wrong. He would have had to declare war to keep the troops there or make them subject to Iraqi laws, neither of which were an option. He had no choice. And, he doesn't despise W.
Actually many, many people are against the wolf cull in BC and Alberta.
Why won't the Liberals act on Harper's overreach? That's easy. That's so the Liberals can overreach on all their appointments. LOL
Do as they say, not as they do. And remember: celebrities are our superiors. As Homer Simpson once said: 'Celebrities. Is there anything they don't know?'
... and obviously with YOU as it's leader .... all hail Larson34
If you look closely, you'll see it's a Republican Congress that won't stop promising - and lowering - taxes that's at fault. Exactly as Doug Saunders is explaining.
The Harper government is going to be gone next election. Perhaps the new government will not be such a pushover with respect to the US.
Harper is the pestilence.
Well. fine. Be offended, be uncomfortable. That's entirely up to you, and doesn't interfere with anyone else.
Correction: Trump boasting about sexual assault
this column would not possible were it not for stephen harper being in power
Hate the game, not the players. Fix the game, not the players.
Huh? You make no sense.
Oddly enough, you may be right, but you could count on your toes the number of people who realize it.
You read too far. I stopped at 'Wente'.
Cultural Darwinism at work. The weaker culture is moved aside by the stronger.
Thomas Hobbes.
...and that's just the tabloids...
Actually, the Harper government is out of touch on just about everything.
Well, frankly the 'World' is on board with trying to deal with climate change. The US congress is still in denial that it is happening. They have a ways to come, and this isn't really something that is fair to tar Obama with.
Thenmakehealth carean essentialpublicservice.
I doubt the Ukraine people find the Russians current movement as humorous as your god.
Everyone should be considered innocent until proven guilty, and names of suspects- especially in sexual assault cases should never be published by the police or the media until the individual has been CONVICTED.
Brissy.....from a BC perspective, you have no clue what you are saying.....no one could make you happy.
It's a horse-race thing. Regardless of his inexperience, Trudeau is more likely to beat Harper than Mulcair.
10,000 is 10 times more per capita than the the U.S. is ready to do.
The Editorial endorsing Harper is already written. They'll spice it up with a few references to campaign occurrences, but otherwise it's 'good to go'. (get it?)
There's a harder lesson coming to those on the right: corporate interests acquire wealth for themselves at the cost of social benefits and other government infrastructure upon which the corporate wealth depends.
to KgT it is basically a US and Iran deal the others just rubber stamped it You saw JOHN KERRY at the negotiations did you see the foreign ministers of UK etc playing any role? it is Obama's legacy don't deny him that that narcissist
Ugh... If ignorance was gold you would be a very wealthy man sir... P.S. Reagan was a piece of garbage.
Please point out where she said 'tar sands are harmless'
well, jeez, goober, maybe 'we' shouldn't have gone there in the first place. i'm assuming by 'we', you mean you were there, too. if not, shaddup.
Can you believe anyone actually gives this woman a column?
Thanks for posting this again. I have copied and saved it in order to rebut the Conservatives I speak with.
Good observation. Keep reading. There other words following the big IF.
In answer to your question.... Because in the case of the CWB it made perfect business sense.
I find the biggest war is the war on truth as exhibited in all our National newspapers. Try this statement:'Obviously had I known, I would never have allowed this.'Ha! Ha Ha HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!
Am I? What did I say that was untrue?
You are being too conspiracy minded. There is only a negligibly small portion of the population that cares about this issue, and that tiny fraction can see through such ploys as the one you fear.
Pay up, or we will move the team... go ahead, make our day!
Good analysis based on current sentiment
OldCoot - The reporter was setting the record straight based on knowledge of the complete interview. That's what reporters do. It's not defense. It's fact.
R, 7 words: The Constitution is extremely difficult to amend. Try to remember that.
You are correct that should have read 'OB and Dualism foisted onto NS and PEI' We will need much more than good luck to deal with the lunacy that is our government and social policies.
"...she was throwing out accusations of things he had said or done, he was denying it.....and I think that was fair." Hmm... https://twitter.com/HillaryClinton/status/780577643456565248
No, the media is!
Maybe the Senate paid for it.Andre
A 'real' leader has to make difficult decisions. Dalton McGuinty anyone.?
If you have a can of worms, incinerate it to save the coming generations. Burying the can is Ostrich like solution.
you could apply for a job at the Globe and Mail :-)
Agree but why is Amanda Lang still around after her indiscretion
Are you an anti-vaxer too? Climate change denial is all about creating doubt so that uninformed people are confused. Then labelling and bullying the rest with a tribal mentality. Have fun with that.
living down to your name ?
Oh please. On this issue Quebec is to be commended. On other social/moral issues they are decidedly backwards.
mipara, as a person of faith I take issue with such requirements to pledge. Do you think you could write a parable about this story, staying accountable to the Jesus you meet in the Bible?
By far the largest source of tax exempt money being funnelled to political activities is the unions. And of that the public sector unions are the worse. Begin there.
Do you honestly believe that Trump will wake up one morning and start launching nukes?
He's never shown any sign of having such a thingSo you know him well do you? Are you related a neighbor or a coworker? How do you know this?
What these people have perpretrated on Canadians is abhorent. That they continue to ascribe to their ideological extremism is idiotic. The disrespect with which they treat Canadians is despicable. That we elected them is our bad!
Golly Doug, do you think that may be why Harper lost so soundly? Do you not get it? MOST people really do hate Stephen Harper.
The majority of us lack education.
It was far, far "better" before Steve and company brought Rovian tactics north over the border. There is nothing they will not stoop to.
We can only hope...
Your comments merely make her point. Perhaps a more important criticism of her commentary would be that she is decrying what ( she believes ) should not be but which, in fact, is.Railing against reality is a mug's game....
I wish there were more of this thoughtful eloquence in the current CPC. Instead, the best that they offer us is bigot snitch lines.
remember, Hillary will win but nothing to celebrate she is just the LESSER of two evils Mitt Rommey and John McCain would have clobbered her
As always I get a laugh from the attempt to control and mentally shallow pro life component's mantra'Support Pro Life or We'll Kill You'
egdusa said 'No, I'm correct. ...'I'm wondering why a comment consisting of easily verifiable facts, with no subjective content, gets so many down votes.
Heh. Levant wins again.
I'm an immigrant and I am happy here. I took the oath about 10 years ago. I think we should change the oath. That will make me even happier.
'Russia cheats'... I'm shocked! Anyway, it doesn't matter... The Olympic Committee will never ban Russia. If its one thing the Olympic Committee doesn't have, its backbone!
I don't think I heard Bernie mention the umpteen trillion $ debt either.
well put. Time to move on.
She'd be very grateful.
Helen, ridiculous comment. Salaries of MPs have been below private sector equivelents for years.
The tide has shifted, I know you Liberals are trying to whip up public support for more taxes but unfortunately that will fall on deaf ears for those not employed by the government.
'Israel acted first, precisely in the way that it has warned about for years.'======Hasbara shills make so much of Israel's 'warnings'.As if it makes it okay when the mugger tells you first what's going to happen.
Of course, we wait for the judgment. I stand by what I said. That man was killed unnecessarily. You are wilfully blind if you do not acknowledge that, and hope for much, much better in future.
you were old enough to serve under Hitler, right, watermelon lover?
The Elections Canada report on robocalls which was to be tabled on March 31 of this year, has been off until AFTER the next election. How very convenient.
A PM that tosses his hair and taking off his shirt doesn't work for a majority of Canadians but I guess it works for you.
the Niqab is a symbol of the total domination of other people over you. to suggest otherwise is delusional.
And women don't??
And a Black man playing Alexander Hamilton in 'Hamilton: the number one play on Broadway. I guess you don't get it do you?
how can Justin save the world if he's giving the go ahead to pipelines?
Maybe 'middle of the road' business people had had enough of Harper, too. Just a thought.
In a few years, the same will be said about tory.
A trade deal is not going to win an election for this man.
I would wager a lot of money that the guy who threw the beer can and others who used racial slurs were not ordering sushi.
Hilarious!
'Tin ear' Steve does it again.
Ted - you mean like what's been going on in California for the last 4 years - record drought and high temperatures? Yes, that has been wonderful for California's fruit and vegetable industries. Ask anyone in California - they all just love it.
Cue Austin Powers. This is so ridiculous it must be comedy! Oh Baby, BeHAVE!! P.S. ever heard of DRONES??
Only to Margaret Wente and her snide group of admirers. Trudeau, apparently, can do no right.
Hmm. Food for thought.
So an unelected and unaccountable judge used his power whatever way he chose to exonerate an unelected and unaccountable senator. What a surprise!
Don't you know, it's always, always, always about them and their victim status.
Amen. Michael is a disappointment here -- and we can all worry for our personal safety, but for how long are we going to run? To cower? The Globe's view is, predictably, mealy-mouthed.
MSM is down the propaganda cul de sac.
Gideon has never taken responsibility for anything in his life. In fact, he, like Smith, feel that concocting data is nothing - heck, I would not even believe a paper that had Gideon's name on it.
Latest poll numbers would disagree- but you just keep cheering for your side. I assume you are an American and can actually vote?
You do not have the right to force your superstitious beliefs upon a secular society.
And perhaps critical writing for you Sir Thinks-he-knows-all. Hope you can figure it out.
And, you make her predictive point.
Good luck with the rcmp, the Emperor's Praetorian Guard.
You should write another comment, wilnel - there are a few right-wing buzzwords you didn't use yet. Not many, but some.
Much like Oshawa is an afterthought to most Torontonians....Most Canadians know more about the US than their adjacent province
Even more sickening to see this at Tax time. What a waste.
No that's not what he's saying at all. It's an example.
I fully agree. I am using LeadNow. ca to assist me in making my voting choice.
Rob, the APA has removed transgenderism from its list of disorders and no longer regards it as a mental illness.
'The West' isn't peeved at Quebec - Wall of Saskatchewan is playing politics in prep for the 4 April election.
Agree - balanced and informed.
Somebody has to break out a John Lennon album or 2.
Why waste time learning when ignorance is instantaneous?
The most dangerous crime minister in history will propose an omnibus bill on terrorism ..... and you criticise liberals ? Spoken like a true Reform Alliance wacko .
The communities that embrace the education bill will eventually leave the others in their dust. I think that is what some of these status quo interests are afraid of.
GO FOR IT SCOTLAND....you can do it.You do not need England to survive... they need you. You have the oil. The only thing they have is the Royal family. LOL!
A 'high degree'? You are a master of understatement. But with the use of history in your analysis, aren't you afraid of being labelled Marxist, in this select venue of antiquarian opinion ?
I think it's time to let a temporary foreign worker steal Wente's job. And her pension. And her welfare.
More important than that is the fact that O'Leary is a US resident.
'So called democracies'?Do you have a better example of balancing rights and obligations while at the same time maintaining law and order?
and a good thing or we would be mired as deep in debt as Ontario.
Liberals read the last paragraph? LM@0. Most of them only read the headline.
Considering that ladder is readily available in the marketplace now, it may be hard to patent.
'It also keeps the Palestinian problem out of sight,'Now that is the type of writing that served Adolph so well.
I'm not sure you spoke to the issue raised by " Jack". The first past the post system worked magic for the Liberals formed governments under Chretien. What is conceptually different now? And was it bad then ? And bad now ? Or good then and bad now?
VanMorty - that's because all your friends are on these G&M web- boards. Try talking to people and you'll see there's a lot of support for Enbridge and our energy producers generally than you'd ever guess reading this columnist.
Sure he did, he just lost it for his successor.
What should be compulsory or not is always open for debate.
The barring of women from participating fully in any religion or societal function is one of those great ironies - where men who participate in the barring of women show themselves to be the weakest and most ignorant men among us.
I agree with Larry, this foreign policy isn't Canadian. ISIS must die. Please.
Let me guess: you don't like those who stereotype others.
If the 'jokes' made by the dental students had been made in private, how is it that people - including the female students they were 'joking' about know what was said?
There's nothing wrong with birds of a feather flocking together unless you're white - this is a big no-no. Complaints about lack of diversity etc will be cried out at the drop of a hat.
I see the third rate/ fourth line of the Liberal Leafs have taken the ice... yet again to prove the utter ineptness for all to see...
Hard to walk across the ocean.
Nope, didn't miss it. Judging by the majority of the comments here, I was able to predict with uncanny accuracy exactly what that little weasel was going to say.
I'm following the Russians on this one as 'the west' has long since lost my trust. Lavrov's interview today in English: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m3FihkBjbms#t=54
How does one just 'end up' on the mailing list of NAMBLA??
So Canadian citizens born abroad won't be allowed to vote. Dinna be daft ye eejit.
Republicans are just coming to this conclusion? They've known since at least 2011, perhaps even as long as the CPC has been in power. http://www.cbc.ca/news/politics/texas-conservatives-reject-harper-s-crime-plan-1.1021017
Excellent post, you covered it very well. Ms. Southey will still dismiss you as just another racist. How does that make you feel?
Oh, and excellent post, OscarH.
In 2014, 38.65% of Ontario voters voted for Wynne's Liberals. That's hardly 'all', is it?
Thank you! Finally, someone with sense enters the conversation.
...hopefully over the cliff!
Ford Nation is an example of 'Contrarians Unite, you have nothing to lose but your rationality'.
Who is Preston Manning?
And indeed, you have.
How do you know the flu shot made you sick? Just because you get sick after the shot does not prove it was caused by the shot.
Diversity should be restricted to the public sector, where merit isn't relevant.
Go vote my friends, and vote wisely. Keep an eye on the polls, they aren't reassuring.
by everyone? most everyone was in favour of it except for a few educated realists and left wing types.
It ends with the world wide Caliphate if we stand around saying this is not our fight.
18 Percent of the population of Manitoba is First Nation now. It 's an incredible increasing debt load.
Onward Christian soldiers marching off to war... Anyone still wanna buy those F-35s,ah,ah,ahhhhh? This, is the price you pay... Highway of hero's??? More like highway of fools...
Ron, stop clowning around. I get it, I would once look for any reason to pounce on Harper, but you doing this is really sad.
And of course you know this because you know everything better, right? Sounds like a yoou're a minion yourself, that's why you're such an expert...
What about men who appear to be gay because they are attracted to other men but who are actually males who identify as female and therefore their attraction to men is actually heterosexualish.
what is it that the Harper gov't is doing? Other than pandering to the fearful Conservative base? He's not putting any more money behind the new laws.
Do you know any Australians? Do you think they all support Abbott?
And this crew doesn't want oversight of its expanded surveillance and disruption powers.
'I am a Liberal'Kudos! The first step is acknowledging you have a problem. You're well on the way to being cured already.
Hmm, so income splitting provides the most benefit to affluent families who have children under 18 and where the income gap between the two spouses is large. Could the person who gains the most be ........ Stephen Harper?
Goodbye, have a nice day.
What are you talking about? It's not as though NS and NB want a merger and PEI is holding them back. Maritime or Atlantic merger is just an ideological fantasy that nobody takes seriously.
Find another descriptor for your enemies, freedom, if you want to elicit more than giggles.
I wish they would moderate some of their columns. This one is way out in left field.
Holy mother of god what a dunce
Absolutely agree!
Religious beliefs cannot help but discriminate against those who do not share those beliefs. However religious freedom is a basic constitutional right.
Are you kidding or are those thoughts for real?
The recovery has not been as strong as the US as the downturn was not as severe. I'm no Conservative fan but Jim Stanford (Unifor employee) might just be a little bit biased.
'Ideology doesn't need analysis...'Translate those words into Latin and you have the perfect slogan for The Stephen Harper Government of Canada.
Depends how you've treated your organs over a lifetime... that could be much shorter.
Many rightwing posters are extremely ill informed about fascism.
A worthless article from sycophants seeking their own turns at the trough.
Turn off your browser's ad blocker or go out and actually buy a copy.
The US government has refused to sell the F22 to any foreign government. They regard the F22 as a true air superiority fighter and want to keep that aircraft for their exclusive use. It also is more expensive than anything that can be purchased.
None to match Harper's (and the Conservative Party's) fascism.
Poor L'il Justy - was someone mean to him? Time for a group hug.
If we try to restore past injustices by bending current law - good luck to ous all. History is nothing but a listing of injustices ..... I personally have a rather long one ....
I couldn't get through your window or door
they picked it because it has no (liberal)) red just like john baird refused to put a canadian red maple leaf on his business cardthese guys are petty right down to the last dime
Whipped and cowed like all the rest...
Perry is the USA equivalent of a third generation PSAC member not only running for the Conservatives but on a strong platform of trimming the civil service and reducing government spending. Yeah, right.
One can't expect these intellectuals to read George Monbiot, SO. :)
So if the the only issue you voted on?
Thanks to another poster for this one
Well when in comes to correctional services the Federal government sets the standard
Paying extra could prove to be beneficial ...less $$$'s for food/ drinks.
make up your mind is it 'terror' as other posters sayor is it 'terrorism' to prop up his polling numberssurely Harper's anti terror or anti terrorism would raise poll numbers among people of reason
Tell that to Harper and his leprechaun.
How does Raitt's appearance come into this? I judge people by how they behave, and seeing Raitt rescue May made left me with quite a different opinion of her that I previously held.
The rate of sea level rise has not changed, and the sea temperatures are flat, just like the land temperatures. There simply isn't any evidence of recent global warming.
Any evidence?
While lifestyle changes are important, we will see faster reduction in GHG's and more behavioural change as a result of legislative and policy reform.
the Globe Editorial board should probably steer clear of commenting on something they have no clue about. the editorial make no sense.
Of course you should teach to the test. Duh. If the material that's to be tested is times tables, what kind of a fool would teach geometry beforehand?
I listened to Anna Maria Tremonte (sp?) doing an equally superb job, from 10 am onwards, on CBC Radio One.
Not in the Lower Mainland. If you are pregnant and want a mid wife in my area, chances are shes full and not accepting more. So you have to travel to Surrey or Richmond to see a specialist.
The itching goes away once the hair grows out .
How do we stop a person who become PM from following an agenda driven by his religion? See http://thetyee.ca/Opinion/2012/03/26/Harper-Evangelical-Mission/ and Marci McDonald?s The Armageddon Factor: Evangelism in Canada
@OakvilleCA Conservatives can be put on a ranked ballot just like any other party. You should be asking why no one wants the (Harper) Conservatives as their second choice.
Correct. Regardless of one's politically leanings, the Post's writing is very clearly superior to the Globe's.
cberk, Common sense - you should try it sometime.
Probably better suited to the Comics page !!
AND IN 7 YEARS HE WILL BE PRIME MINISTER !
Wow, you really need your own blog!
This is more about HATRED for Harper than it is LOVE for Khadr the left is desperate to score anti harper points even if they must grovel in the bottom of the barrel
Hockey Canada is a Big Red Machine, used to be Canucks derided the Soviets for being too structured while we used spontaneous and individual efforts to better effect. Now Team Canada is religiously taught the Way.
'Nah...you're for a fable...'Wow...what a silly post. The non-initiation of force is not a 'fable'.It's simple basic MORALITY. You have just demonstrated that you are not a morally driven person.
Well said, Toulouse.
Russian annexation of Crimea has to be the most wildly successful Fifth Column victory in military history. History will compare Putin to other great military commanders like Napoleon.
Do you always sign off on your comments with 'Trash'.Was that a typo? Maybe you meant 'Trish'? :)
So where did the Aboriginals come from?
That is not what he is saying; he's saying you have rootless men that are neither refugees or immigrants.
You forget psychiatric and sex changes
'....The big exception is the Supreme Court. It is the chief negator of his agenda.....'*********************************Hallelujah!!
'rated 0.2 out of 10 for being ?sexy?'I can't argue with that. Just checked out my neighbors and looked in the mirror. lol
Not cake - Pizza Get it right ;)
Many thanks for taking on this huge financial burden. What does it cost to sponsor a refugee? The cost of their flight, housing until they can get work, medical. It must cost you a mint.
You DO understand that the term 'progressive' and 'Conservative' are counter to each other, right? That is why they took it out to begin with. The proggy hate is string today.
This tinfoil hat determines whether every Canadian lives or dies.
When all else fails , go for the emotional " think of the kids" argument ....... Your not GV1 in drag are you?
You're correct, obviously. The Carter decision makes no reference whatsoever to the length of time a patient may have left to live. Nor does the decision require the patient's medical condition to be terminal.
Mostly difficult for the right wing to accept; from their view, the judges appointed by Harper were supposed to fall in line with the Harpercon agenda. We on the left are delighted that they put justice ahead of politics.
And you figured this all out with your grade 3 education, amazing. Canada had a lot of influence in world affairs until Harper made Canada the biggest joke on the World Stage.
I get $49, what am I missing?
Yep, I've thought that god's promise not to send a second great flood is right up there with the pledge of an abusive husband never to hit his wife again if she doesn't call the cops.
Kids don't buy anything. The parents do.If the parents don't have enough brains to say no, tough luck. Ridiculous article.
Nice use of logic, Left of right.
They ignore it by plugging their ears and repeating "Adscam" like a mantra.
So you're saying no houses should have running water because the pipes might leak?
I'll bet that most voters don't know that Ontario spends the least per capita on public services in Canada.
Lesson is we down vote CONservative liars.
the nightmare of globalism can not die quick enough, and many of the elites should spend the rest of their lives in jail
Better off to charge them and waste everyone's time.
Please do not ever feel sorry for conservatives.
He did not get this from the article but from an altogether different outlet.
See this article from today's Washington Post https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-intersect/wp/2016/11/17/facebook-fake-news-writer-i-think-donald-trump-is-in-the-white-house-because-of-me/
Agree. I think this has happened in the US to a high degree and to a somewhat smaller degree in Canada.
Rachel Notley's notion that she can buy a green economy by selling tar is like the drunk who claims he can drink his way to sobriety.
Many North American media is controlled by Saudi finance,
Easy there, Pamphleteer! Next time just write "This is the problem when you, Ailina, try to set out..."
Leaping lemmings.
The Liberal/left/progressive folks think that fighting is uncivilized and they were right in 2003 when they were against the invasion of Iraq. An action that largely contributed to where we are today.
Did you even bother to read the article? If so, you seem to have entirely misunderstood it.
ParanoiaNo one need worry about their FREEDOM and PRIVACYexcept the 100 who will be suspected of terrorismout of a population of 35 millionthe rest of us will be just fine
RIGHT.....You got it!!!
Laughed when i saw '806 comments'- he may have been an Economics major, not so much a rhetorician. Also, is that the 'royal we'?
Sorry, totally disagree with letting them test anything, let alone a missile. They test these for accuracy, distance etc. kind of like honing one's skill. If we let further testing, it will advance their cause of extortion and real threats.
In other sobering news, the Onion reports that over 95 per cent of all self-abuse goes unreported by victims.
Now that there will be an Eastern Pipeline and a possibility of a Manitoba Port it will be BC's loss. Next an LNG project in Thunder Bay.
Daniel Turp is only leading the charge because there are no Quebec jobs at stake. He has been upfront about not caring whats over about any situation anywhere in this country except in his province.
Medical assistance has a positive slant. Prostitution has no positive value.
Glad to see someone said this! Renzetti's article is, let news professionals do the job of photographing events; I'm not at all sure that the electorate was well served that day, by that photograph, nor good government.
Unsafe for all of us.
Paul Jones1234, if you'd bothered to read that Wiki table more closely, you'd see that the Syrian figures date back to 2010. The civil war in Syria didn't begin until the second half of 2011.
It's significant that no country uses the American political model when adopting democracy.
The judges of the supreme court elected by who exactly?
I F, Can you imagine a cabinet of 100 that perfectly mirrored Canada's demographics. -2 Blacks-10 physically disabled-4 mentally disabledetc. Is this what the author wants for Canada?
Only until he got elected.
Newspapers are running with amplified rumours? Ostrich head in the sand.
ET VLAN ! en plein d'dans mon cher Watson !
Did the B.C. Liberals not just apologize for the 'Chinese Head Tax' less than a year ago?
JKI would say that the cause and inspiration was Australia?s involvement killing Muslims in the M.E. This was retaliation.
C'mon, if the stench of association precluded anyone from later progressing in politics we wouldn't have a second prime minister named Trudeau, would we?
How is it anti-Semitic? Does the state of Israel now represent the Jewish religion and every Jewish person in the world? By labeling everything you don't like as anti-Semitic you are diminishing real Antisemitism.
Tough job. Too bad these jobs could not become less media relations and more policy and administrative. Sems like focus in Wrong place.
I suspect Clinton and Trump have enough stamina to survive this wicked campaign. But I'm worried about what these villains are doing to the sanity of the American people.
That's according to Hillary and the Dems. Trump's business practices are fine. His ethics are far superior to Hillary's.
Interesting Mr Broadbent would talk of inequality. Mr Broadbent, please advise how many taxpayer funded, indexed pensions you receive when most taxpayers do not even get one? Good ole Socialist hypocrite!
Nor is anyone falling for the FACT that Harper has tears in his eyes these days - Harper's face looks like that of a man about to cry - my guess is that right now, Harper wants to go and hide in a closet.
One of the best reasons for Trump to become president is for the media to squirm for at least four years.
yes... can/t wait to see his corrupt tax returns...
Please don't spoil your ballot this time.
You epitomize Socialism. Cough!
Absolutely agree - they have already seen the emails, now they are just getting the warrant to make it all legal like
Most parents beat their kids in Canada, why do they do it? Husbands and wives are the same, maybe physically maybe psychologically.
Good grief. My dog has fleas, it's all the unions' fault! My sandwich was bland, I blame the unionized workers!
What's the plan for the other 364 days.......starve in the dark?
Ah but that's not what Trudeau says. He fully supports the bombing campaign, but just not Canada taking part. A very mixed message.
More anti-secular garbage from Toronto. The end.
Israel is a state that continues to refuse recognition of its neighbours borders. as usual paul you have it all backward, it is israel neighbours that dont recognize the state of israel borders.
When I read this headline, I thought the problem was that older women are too interested in sex, and there is a pill to tone them down... because that is my problem, and it is a little debilitating... honestly.I blame yoga.
It is getting boring in these column's: Was it not the G&M endorsing this government?
That's an absurd statement anyway: Marois had the budget pretty much balanced before Couillard was elected.
Is pornography that appealing to teenage girls? Wow.
Tim Horton caved to a group of people who probably never enter a Tim's, preferring Starbucks while they compare the latest Birkenstocks and complain of the difficulty in finding good granola.
I think I see a brothel opening up already down the street.
Simpson at one time had a brain, now he's a ....What a ridiculous analogy. Anyway sc**w the pipeline, let the chips fall where they may. And in 10 years the US will be begging for it.
"...the reality is frightening and uncomfortable..." And which "reality," is that? Whatever one it is, just because it might be "frightening and uncomfortable" does not make it TRUE, either. What might make it true is some scientific evidence...
Harpo has proved every day that he is not up to the job!
Huge deficits? Are you talking about Ontario?
'Maybe Justin Trudeau should take note. Like it or not, we really are at war.'If you're serious about a fight, you call it a war; if not, you call it something else.
Hmmm... I like that approach.
Linda - Do you like Steve's brown wig the best, or do you prefer his salt & pepper hair-hat ?
Prycho-artists are suffering from Hyper Greed Syndrome. They should be subjected to Greed management therapy, which includes generous use of sticks.
Centigrade: No vote is ever wasted!
Sorry J. Andrew, human rights should not be left to the 'market'.
You're right, it is simple economics regardless of what you or I might think of pro sports. If someone is willing to pay, then...
No he was right the first time Our economy is screwed up
Concerned citizen, Steve Colbert put it best: "truthiness"
It may be slander and contempt in a legal sense .... but it's Trump. The bar is set so low for him, it hardly matters what he says anymore. He can limbo under any bar imaginable.
PMO talking points?
Lawrence's point was less about getting the support of pot smokers and more about voter turnout. Youth voter turnout increases when marijuana legalization is in an election issue.
Fortunately time will soon rid us of this lying and thieving cheat of a man. Never to be missed.
Right wingers will have a hay day commenting on this article.
Wrong approach. Harper is relying on blunt instruments to placate an aging voter's base. Mackenzie King had a better approach with his prostitution bill. He just paid it.
The NDP's problem is that swing voters would never trust them with deficit spending. The Liberals are more trustable.
What is 'social capital'?
This article, written by the Director of a pipeline company, reads like the sort of thing cigarette companies used to put out, urging us all that ciagarettes were good for you.
I down-voted both of you. It's hard to take someone seriously when they try to be satirical by using German, presumably in the style of a Nazi. (But maybe I missed something
Walt. Your last para is ageist, racist and sexist. Wonder it got posted.
The provinces waste money. They take the money and then give their workers raises.
The concept of Mutually Assured Destruction still applies in regards to Russia, so your assertion that Clinton wants to start WW3 is questionable, to say the least.
well beyond.
First rule in any investigation let alone fraud is to: FOLLOW THE MONEY........
Can anyone name one person who would be a credible leader of that party? Kenney? Yeah, sure, the Jesuit univ. drop out. Well G&M, who if not Stevie?
*facepalm*
Deport them. And make it clear that the same thing will happen to future violent Muslims.
thanks for your reasoned and detailed critique.
save your ignorant stupidity , its bs period,, castro was a murdering traitor to his own cause, no freedom of speech etc,
This is well beyond a joke now.
Astute and well put
There is plenty of empathy, just frustration. Like seeing your son spend his life i the basement smoking pot and playing videos games, and not being able to do anything about it.
Nice try. Weak, but nice try. So Albertans paid taxes. What happened to the O&G royalties? Norwegians paid income, sales, etc taxes too but somehow their royalties didn't vanish.
She's an empty shell... She has risen politically far beyond her abilties or intellect. She will be known as the 'Photo Op Premier' as a short footnote in BC political history.
The export rules for crown timber and private timber are basically the same. Both rely on the same opaque system to pass the 'surplus test'
I keep getting thumbs down but nobody seems willing to explain where they think I'm wrong. I would appreciate if you would....
You should also consider the fact that this pipeline branches off to Cherry Point in Washington State. Which has two berths for Supertankers from Alaska... which will soon be running out of oil to ship South. See an opportunity there?
Please tell me you aren't defending these murderersThey are in the wrong - the victims bear no blame - it's that simple
Jefferson would say : 'Martha, where's that Tree of of Liberty? It needs some refreshin.'
What is really lacking in Europe (and the United States, of course) is not confidence, it is prudence.-------and Justin's Canada
Thanks Rick, I'm sure out green freaks will jump on that apocalyptic trend (never rains up there you know)
Different how?
'With bigger majorities than any of his predecessors have seen.' Uh, that should read 'successors'. Darned Alberta education.
The cost structure. Inefficiencies. No market based compensation.
Trump also won because people despised the cabal that barnacled itself to Hillary: banksters, media owners, globalizers and the Republican elites they own, Democratic insiders, satchel-faced Radcliffe and Bryn Mawr psychopaths, Big Labour bosses ...
I don't hate any ism but I can't think of one I like.
trillium, if Ford gets reelected, it says much about the 70% of Torontonians who do not vote for him. Hogtown indeed.
Constitutionally health care is a provincial responsibility so when ever the Federal 'doctor in the house'speaks, he has 13 voices replying. Incidentally Ontario already has a 'doctor in the house' called Doctor Hoskins, (Ontario Health Minister).
GetReal - exactly !
Organized crime is not the prinicpal source of dope today.
The less they have the less they can waste. Being short a few billion focuses the mind.
For me the lowest point was linking the Lib leader with ISIS drowning victims in the shark tank off the coast of Libya. Shocking, really. Hope we never see the like of that again.
What are you trying to tell us?....Canadians are really that stupid?
Your corporatist government is taking ALL workers to the woodshed, only you can't even see it.
Tim Andrew another left-wing, pinko, commie, union hack? I guess you must be somewhere well right of Attila the Hun.
You mean anybody who isn't progressive, don't you? I call progressives the far left.
And we all help them get that way by blaming women in their stead. we sell the idea that men are unable to control themselves any more than can a rattlesnake
When your indoctrinated to believe, rather than to think...
Nice going, D_Peters ..... you just leaked Harper's next campaign "promise".
Did the Globe and Mail pay for this piece of propaganda or does the Conservative party pay for it? I know I paid for access to it which makes me feel a bit sick.
Justin and the NDPee in Alberta have assured a conservative victory! Just as the Ontario Liberals have assured Patrick Brown victory. The sickness that is Liberal will end at the provincial level from Ontario threw western Canada!
Free speech, even in the US, is not absolute.
well said dude
no, it doesn't. Apparently both sides of the debate are not above misleading hyperbole
Coffee first typing second (note to self)
It's just hilarious how blind the progs are. To bad it is so sad.
Now Enrique, don't trouble our little deniers with such things as reality and facts.
Fine by me. What's your point?
Hey, worth $1+ billion in BC alone.
They are looking at cancelling 'over the air' to screw us over.........again.
Nothing will change. Get rid of the Heritage Ministry and save the taxpayers some money.
I like the title given by one American politician....rabid dogs
Are you taking antidepressants btw ? Over 10% of us are. What happens when that number climbs to 50% ? And then there are large numbers of us self medicating with booze, pot, meth, coke etc. Yep. We're a happy bunch alright ! Joy to the world !
ummm... she did.
Unlike the scientific consensus regarding AGW, the consensus (or rather majority) here is neither well-informed or representative.
@ce_nedra Everyone can plan to offset the financial costs you mentioned. That's no big deal. However, for a few women it's the cost of lost career opportunity, promotion, and salary increases which hurt the most. They will never recover from that.
unfortunately, by an accident of history.... the Word ...Indian...is legal in Canada....suffice to say a Canadian indian... but it is in our legal documents and Treaties...
Best to hold cash and gold. I do t mind a debt ceiling raise again lol.
Easier to simply blame parents. That is an easy answer. It's part of the answer but not all.
Whether or not Trudeau or will be a good pm remains to be seen. But he certainly couldn't be worse than the divisive, secretive, nation-wrecking Harper.
JT is out at garage sales every weekend - looking for some gravitas.
Environuts are good at turning flies into elephants.
.....oh and another thing, instead of finding a reason behind their errors, they pick on Micheal Moore who is way past news these days...
You should read the National Post and its sister newspapers. Not much fawning going on there.
You're just making s__t up now, Ventner. None of the examples you give resemble history.
Exactly. It isn't as if anyone was trying to render a natural species of animal extinct. Dogs breeds are human creations, and someone having created a dangerous breed of dog, does not make it humanity's duty to perpetuate it.
Imagine the U.S. invading Grenada, or Panama, or.......well, you get the picture.
And you appear comfortable enough sitting to violent protests who broke Trump rallies, and even now are rioting across the USA to protest Trumps victory. I don't recall all those violent riots after Obama won... twice...
Grow your own. Easy to do.Close to free.
Well, maybe, but they did manage the nation's purse competently, unlike the current government.
You live in an upside-down alternate reality, pal.
Neutral by convention but supposed to represent the Monarch. I think some of us begin to wonder what the GG should be doing when the Constitution and democratic conventions are being regularly bent if not broken, as Harper so often engaged.
If the Indians have a veto ,they should quit taking taxpayer money and go it alone instead of getting money guarantees from Canadians who are worse off than Indians.
Since when are human rights decided by a 'majority position'?
Good article. What a true disappointment this Harper government has become. It will take years to recover, if we do.
BULLYINGoh pleaseAinslie is a grown manif he can be bullied against his will he should not be in politicswimpwhen A said he was not afraid of the F brothers he sounded like a cry baby
While having to repay tax payers? While being paid how much to not do his job in the HoC?
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/08/28/us/family-sues-miami-beach-in-taser-death-by-the-police.html?src=twr
so...you agree with rigging an election and thwarting the will of the people then
He's been underestimated in every step he has taken, all of which have been successful to date, from the Brazeau TKO to the leadership race to the election.
It should be 'poisonous roots', not 'poisoned roots'.
What's your point? We know that Hamas is out to lunch.
Correction: The state forced them to abort their GIRL babies.
Pension is living on invested money. Makes no difference if it is mine or a company's, or a pensin fund!!
The Globe and Mail hates white people. The roots go back to WW2, planned slow genocide of whites through massive 3rd world immigration.
I especially like the additional trainers whereby we send trainers to teach others how to kill more efficiently.
Sutherland's riding has no chance of going Conservative, so he's making a big fuss for nothing.
Say Something said something... and he's bang on.
but it is only a mini scandal of $90,000unlike the billions of the Ontario Liberals -- gas plants, e health, ORNGE, etc. and Rob Ford's was a mere $3.150Lib and NDP do serve tempest tea in a teacup
And as I said, I gather you haven't actually seen the material in question so not sure why you're commenting on it.
Wente certainly seems to. Not my cup of tea, but rude is her chosen arena.
Its 3:00pm at our local public school.. Monday to Friday.
Look in the mirror first before you accuse others. Lord knows you embarrass yourself with every comment you make, may be it is time you went on to use one of your other posting aliases.
Lol, sea monkey. If that website can't handle photoshop better than that, they deserve to have supporters like you.
Paul, I was imagining that the taxes on the rich would compensate small-scale employers in some way to offset their losses from a higher minimum wage.
lolol Take a look at Harper's track record on appointments...
Margaret - are you a parent? No?good night.
Oh good grief. Take your meds.
You're doing a wonderful job attempting to keep the mud out of the waters here, Skyofblue.
The PQ has already been replaced by the LPQ during the 2013 Elections.....fyi... you should update your sources
As a conservative person I take strong exception to the school board's choices. I myself would have preferred 'wh', 'Wha' and 'WHAT!'
Sorry ted, but Ericka nailed the problems with your reaction to a pretty straight forward analogy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vhuzb3WMntc Russian Army: Sponge Bob Square Pants Song The Russian people are just like you and me.
Fentanyl, carfentanil, and W18 are doing more to alleviate the homeless crisis than any amount of social programs. Once again, Darwin is proven correct.
@hwnelson correction ...Nafta date... 1994
The best example of how 'on-line' opinion has evolved to rapidly escalating extremist posts/hashtags one only has to look to 'Godwins law'Practiced daily on the G&M boards...
According to a very close source, his wife, we learn Donald is a child minded grown up. Well, Donald go home and rest, you are fired. Who needs an erratic child running political future of USA? Nobody for sure. Immaturity is a disqualifyer indeed.
You're entirely correct. Our esteemed columnist has just thrown half of Canada into third-world poverty.
You are definitely suffering from the stress of excessive critical thinking and I will recommend a session on the academic couch ....
Pot was criminalized in Canada in 1923 after Emily Murphy (a supposedly great Canadian) convinced parliament with a bunch of lies spread through Reefer Madness.
Hilarious. Holding Ford to account is a 'smear' but it's the very thing that the Ford supporters keep yelling for regarding the Liberals at Queen's Park. You can't have one without the other.
Way to be open minded.
What unreported crime?
He didn't say everything, but he pointed out some odious examples of behaviour which have no place in politics or society at large.
You mean our Colonial history as hewers of wood etc? Or maybe our Family Compact history of a Class society? Or maybe our struggle to set our own values rather than send CF-18 to bomb under US command?
Don't actually believe it, but the G&M is now censoring my comments critical of Clinton campaign. O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave ?
Historically, Statistics Canada disagrees with this poster's homicide rate for police officers. Also note, almost every one of these murders was committed with a gun. No mention of knives. www.statcan.gc.ca/pub/85-002-x/2010003/article/11354-eng.htm
So wait... let me get this straight. The argument being put forward in this article is that the U.S. has a 'a strong, independent public service' but Canada does not?
That's a dangerous assumption. If you're exhaling mist there's probably a good amount of nicotine still dissolved in it. Again, safER, not safe. It is not an absolute.
Well said. Pres. Putin is not Blair. He shows his human side - something no US president would ever do, because they consider themselves GOD TO THE WORLD. Obama wants Putin to be his lapdog, Putin is better than that. Way to go Russia.
Fresh, It's common knowledge. though many find it unpalatably true, preferring to live in hypocrisy and delusion. We've seen and heard a hundred times in the last 20 years that one in three women have been sexually assaulted.
Hardly! ...you don't know squat!
Stephen Harper is a bully. plain and simple. When will Canadians that support his party wake up and realize this?
And our government has just such a programme, started in 2010 to xplore the 'root causes of terrorism' and has spent millions on it - the result- haven't heard squat, but Trudeau gets vilified for saying same thing?
This argument lost a lot of steam yesterday when the house passed the legislation.
It is the Canucks. What do you expect. Canucks and playoffs. Come to the hockey heartlands of Canada. You can find them anywhere east of Vancouver.
Pamp. The $ went missing under the Liberals between 2001 and 2006.
To all critics: consider the context and current economical situation. Do not compare Martin's rosy days and surpluses. They did occur during relatively good economic times. Moreover, some of this surpluses were at the expense of the provinces.
More to the point if you'd want to go back to the N.Z. man, and say to him, 'Oh, right... sorta like New Zealanders are half-assed Aussies...'
Maybe he is in rehab maybe not. Regardless he does not deserve to remain mayor. He should resign and stop feeding at the pubic troff.
'When is a feminist not a feminist?'When she's dating Jian Gnomeshi?
And who can forget the brilliant... Casey was waltzing with the strawberry blond... his brain was so loaded it nearly exploded.... sheer poetry! They do not write them like that anymore! And thank heavens for that.
Celebrities. Is there anything they don't know?
The job Canadian media are paid to do is to make money for their owners and shareholders.
Why is it no longer 'safe'?are female athletes being raped , robbed , murdered , beaten or assaulted?
Is the Globe not talking enough about your scourge-du-jour, Dave? Better cancel that subscription you don't have.
It would be interesting to know what the SCOC thinks about a government with 39% of the popular vote unilaterally changing our electoral system.
long live the deplorables
Robo-con? Can you lefties think of some new derogatory names. Blah blah blah!
A PR piece designed to reverse all the damage she did to women by defending that creepy guy.
Agreed. This was not one of Mr. Martin's better efforts.
A lot of people have a lot of definitions of porn.
LightofZ Less than a minute agoAn ignorant comment: one can, in the same manner, write that people who vote for the Liberal party don't posses enough intelligence to understand Harper.
Muhtar Kent, CEO of Coca Cola, should be tried for mass murder. Coca Cola employee, Ian MacDonald, should be tried as an accessory to mass murder. How's your sugar bliss point now?
Anybody who travels in Europe or the PAC Rim will notice that the general population is not obese compared to North America. Especially school kids .... I know the likes of MacDonalds are trying but they are most certainly not pervasive.
Ode to Steve... SurrealForget ignorance, someUenuchs are born that way, andCannot change, Keep upYour scamOf the CenturyUnreal phantasmagorical...
Water is a basic human right....Canada needs to recognize it as such and ratify resolution 64/292....that's it that's all.
The point most of us are making is that the prime focus of gas taxes was supposed to be road infrastructure. We see these dollars disappear into general revenues with little visible return for our dollars spent.
So another gobbet of bile as a substitute for any kind of argument - well done
They sure are above the law, just watch them.
Ranger fans don't have any say in the laws of this country, Buddy.
Insisting that all lives matter replace black lives matter neutralizes the intention. White lives already matter. Black ones do not. Simple fact. Kim Roblin wants to paper over it.
The news should present 'what is,' not 'what if.'
Promises, promises.
That's ridiculous , you do realize that Las Vegas is in the desert ,don't you... lol....
You asked Her? .
Pork barrel politics is much less effective if there is a chance that a firm from another province might get the work. How can politicians win reelection if they can't hand out the pork to the home riding voters?
And your proof of this is the standard Ford fare?'Well, I said so...'Give me an example of the money she has wasted... specific and concrete... I'll give you 48 hours to look it up...maybe try that newfangled thing called 'the internet'
Silver Phoenix's criticisms might have been slightly more effective had he set his account to 'Private' so readers wouldn't notice that his own posts are loaded with the same flaws.
Need is not the point - everyone should retain the right to vote in the country or countries of their citizenship.
Yes, because to name them would be 'racist' in this ridiculously 'PC' world we live in today.
Respect, Hal. C.
These liberals spendthrift thugs, including David Peterson ALL belong in Prison.
And is he not an old man?
Whoever is paying the bill. It's their time.
Qu?bec should only accept those immigrants who swear they are atheists. The rest can go to Ontario, Alberta or BC.
You might have thought that technical education would have made him a more effective terrorist.
Right on Snowed. So do I
Queen of Canada? Certainly there's some history here but if you polled Canadians, I think you'd find she's a non-factor in any part of our lives, save perhaps useless celebrity for some.
Hillary Clinton lied and said that, on her private server, she didn't have any Emails that contained classified information. The FBI showed she did. People can't believe Hillary Clinton.
You mean we are painfully aware of that, LOL
Disagree. Britain, the birthplace of modern representative democracy, wants to be governed from Britain, not Brussels.
If you do not know the past and learn from it, you will not have taken the first of the many steps to reconciliation.
The single greatest misfortune to befall the civilized world: The birth of Muhammad
I'd like my children and grandchildren to have clean air and water, and not be subject to overwhelming climate change. We can do that if we stop with the 'drill baby drill' policy, and carefully use as much petroleum as we need, and not a drop more.
Not even the blood sports are what they used to be.
Now Syl....you know just as well as most on this board that opening statement is ludicrous. The "honour killing" you're indirectly referencing is being appealed based on errors in law and judgement has been reserved for the time being. Stay tuned.
'occupied for thousands of years' . . .um . . sure @bark . . . starting right after they conquered the original indigenous peoples . . .
Because the prime minister has a clear constitutional duty to recommend the appointment of senators to the sovereign. There is no way around that.
It would be nice if all the liberals who voted for McGuinty would sign up to a pension plan operated by this government? If given a choice would be interesting to see if they are prepared to put their personal future in Wynne's hands?
if we could find a way to properly integrate them into our society --------- oh curious George, you mean integrate by 1, running off to join ISIS 2. taking the government to court because you want to wear a NIQAB in citizenship court
You ignored skyofblue's point: that the groundwork for the now-accepted notion that every person has intrinsic worth and dignity was set by religious folks. The fact that Church hierarchy worked hand in hand with kings is another matter completely.
Questions to which the answer is 'no'.
Good call, I was thinking the same thing. That's probably an even worse comparison for PKP.
With Winch, it doesn't have to be an either-or proposition.
So we keep being told!
that is anyone who pays more income tax than u.
Good Lord - it's 'coarse'!!!! Learn how to spell.
What Continental Plan has Obama the Coal Vote lover dreamed up??? It's all Obama care and that failed too...
Perhaps it's not so much anti-Americanism as a pathetic need for self-validation.
In other words, you want Egyptians to fight the Islamists on your behalf. That's exactly what is happening, so ask governments to stop feigning that stopping the Islamists is a vicious attack. See 'Egypt, an embattled land'
They aren't catching any tailgaters.
Folks, we're making a big fuss about nothing. There will always be rednecks on both sides throwing stones, but constitutional change requires a super majority and that ain't gonna happen. Let's carry on with our lives then.
No you and yours are not acting like Americans... you are acting like Canadians.
no need to be stupid about it
Can you give me more power to purchase some of these drugs from the cabinet without going through a specialist? I've been waiting for some of my prescriptions that significantly improved my well-being for two years before I got to see a specialist.
The fact is that the Conservatives won more seats in Ontario than in any other province. But don't let the facts get in the way of your diatribe.
And then looking at your man cave everyday with all those heads around you. Take a look at some of those trophy rooms on line. Make you cry.
Yes, no regional tensions existed under Liberal regimes . Those referendum things were imaginary.
Is there a funding shortfall at Woodbridge as they cannot pay for decent writers who do fact based research? I would expect this out of the Toronto Star, but now the Globe and Mail should be called the Special Interest Anti-Male.
Does the Globe provide playdoh and crayons to their staff? Renzatti must have missed the handouts as she still oozes bitterness.
How did they endorse Hudak then?
...well maher Arar didn't disappear & I doubt Khadr will either...& if anyone's got a story to tell ,this ones a beaut... esp. in shedding light on the terrorist contingents out there
Making IEDs to attack NATO troops seems treasonous. He should have been left to rot in Guantanamo bay.
Unfortunately, somebody did die from a church supper in Newfoundland a couple of years ago.
MMac... Obviously the law of which you speak is broad and needs amending... Also obvious is the fact that stigmatizing of such families is clearly insufficient to deter them from such pratices.
Civil comments are looking for moderators with lengthy experience as editors in 'Pravda' - while it is a joke, but there is 100% truth in in
I take it that a gig economy means most sensible people won't even consider having children. Motherhood is on the way out while 'Mother Canada' is on the way in. I think Santa is leaving the building.
Not so. http://www.stuff.co.nz/national/politics/9428778/Ex-prostitutes-call-for-law-change
Will67, histrionic is posting the same tombstone of bs in reply to post after post.
How many times will people ignorant of statistics pull out that canard to justify this decision -- that is the realy question.
Uh-oh. Should all conservatives be forced to wear a visible gold star on their chests now, just to make sure we know who they are? Your level of propaganda and hateful suggestions has a big historical context that you're drawing from.
At it again, Drool ?
The automatic weapons are not for defence against home invaders. They are for defence against a rogue government.
That's the objective Terry... birds of afeather...
Try telling that to RMiller. Not that it will help the poor fellow.
Yes, it is now just a $3M a day taxpayer funded left wing propaganda machine.
The riddance of T. Flanagan is what it is: and thank you to those institutions. The silent(all to often) institution of the this society of citizens, in my estimation side with the ones that finally showed him the door.
wkl - good points. Sensible, reasonable, in-touch with reality.
Please provide a link to a reliable source that confirms your contention. Thanks in advance.
Dumber still is the Feds... running 8 deficit budgets in 10 years... and now headed for a self imposed recession...
They share your company.
You can bet the masses will be out to vote next time.
Not being involved means your taxes will be distributed to other countries as they apply carbon duties to Canada?s exports going into their jurisdictions, not to mention your oily job being exported to greener pastures.
I sense a disturbance in the narrative: http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3403603/It-s-impossible-integrate-Muslim-community-Western-Europe-says-president-Czech-Republic.html
'could' run the liberals into the ground? methinks they are in near supersonic dive right now. interesting to see what this next week will bring.
you missed a zinger... too bad
You can not back that up with any evidence.
from Berig in Rochesterare you saying Joe that Chicago provides universal post seconary education?
Comforting to see the media arm of the Liberal party remains alive and well at the Globe. You want to see disastrous tax, have a look at an American tax return.
John0208 - It may be a bad day. I'm having a problem scrolling down some online articles.
Cheap, quick flights to Poland.
And you point is what?
@Ed Op: so it is a "cultural phenomenon" that Kenian runners win marathons and not guys from Ohio?
'Where is today?s equivalent of Martin Luther King? Tragically, he doesn?t exist.'Obama perhaps?
And yes sir, I did
Evidently not .... a mere politically correct propaganda rag ......
The idea of any Arab nation in the world. Any of them at all, lecturing us on human rights is laughable.
I brightened up when I saw this story this morning. All the discussion about childhood illness and committing suicide had been really getting me down.
That's your definition of our loosy-goosy Constitution and Charter. It means all things to all folks, even if they differ with one another.
You missed the Harper years? Were you complaining about the list of 'approved' journalists under his watch?
Jeez, you never miss an opportunity to mouth a politically correct platitude do you ma'am? I'm sure this lastest effort had cut the CIA to the quick.
The low loonie effect is destroyed by all of the excessive taxation and welfare amenities.
So my question to Councillor Affleck is: what would you do?
Sounds like a lot of people were just waiting for a benign dictator - and he let them down, nasty fella.
I always find it amusing when some when someone like you Brownie talks in economic terms without actually knowing what your saying.
I've read dozens of these reports over the last five years or so. You really should get your information from more then one source.
You forgot to 'hiss' at the end of your comment.
This is really only a variation on the Calandra, Butts and Hawn theme. Strange: it seems only conservatives have witnessed these 'incidents.'
It is the ignorant 'tough on crime' mob who are cheering.-------and in a democracy the MAJORITY wins
Ontario hydro rates are competitive in North America. Sorry but your post is mostly just incorrect.
That's not true. IF a non-resident generates profit here, they will pay tax here. It will certainly be withheld if the funds are transferred out of Canada.
Do you always celebrate amateurishness?
Hawkwood the 2nd amendment amends the constitution it therefore cannot predate the constitution. You need your meds.
That may still end up happening. Timeline is very tight - to change it for 2019 need to pass new law next year (2017)
And a wonder it was, progress all around, no conflict, and minimal violrence. If only we could go back to those days life would be wonderful. Right SteveieGee?
Not many indigenous people would share your opinion.
Most media outlets were skeptical of Mr. Trump, and rightly so. But to refer to all the media as 'left' is just not accurate.
Silly, it's not the Harper judges telling women in COngo they can't abort their unwanted rape pregnancies - Harper leaves that joy for his cabinet ministers!
All piousness will be forgotten in the next federal election. G&M will be supporting CPC, as always. In some circles, this is known as hypocrisy.
How? If you raise taxes, you will drive the teams out of Canada. If you lower taxes, you will be enriching Millionaire player, and Billionaire owners..
Justin has now made Jean Chretien look like a Shakespearean orator.
Oh yes they are. They want the money but will not give an inch, how sweet. I hopePremier Wall sticks to his guns.
That's Liberal logic, flood the country with 3rd world immigrants that no one wants, give them piles of welfare and free apartments and they reward the liberals with tons of votes.
ellebal1111 you're perfectly bilingual? Ouch, ouch and ouch.
Monetarily and influence wise, yes, but intellectually he is a midget.
It doesn't help having Joe Oliver as your main spokesperson, either. He just antagonizes the hell out of the Americans every time he comes to DC.
"Simple, we fight for freedom." - Tell that to hundreds of thousand innocent Iraqis that died thanks to US invasion. Where were you defending their right for freedom, cowboy?
Tell me, what other conspiracy theories do you subscribe to?
I am not a Ford 'booster' but object to the merely negative partisan drivel. As for transit in Toronto and Canada in general - try the London UK subway system to see what it's all about ! We are pathetic ....
Dinosaurs have no business holding any leadership roles.
What are you, high on poutine?
You obviously missed some schooling. Just because something is legal, doesn't mean that it's not obsolete.
You are confusing 'racism' with a rabid contempt for religion...
For how many years will Canada have to suffer the fallout from what has been done by the evangelical Harper? 76 days until October 19.
http://www.gatestoneinstitute.orgGermany's Sharia Refugee SheltersThe niqab has less to do with sexual equality and more to do with colonization.
Yet another 'classist' forecasting the coming revolutionbecause it was written by someone, sometime.
It is a mystery to me why the Globe and Mail would give these irrational twits any space at all.
Herr Harper was the PM 'steamrolled' by Obama... but keep making it up as all 'cons' love to do, when the facts don't suit them! lol Still posting from your mommies basement! lol
But gays and lesbians are not excluded from Trinity
When do you suppose the Globe & Mail will start to sign their editorials?
The idea is not to restrict choices but rather to be informed about them. For practical applications, like hauling the footprint would be larger however for luxury purchases the stigma would be apparent.
Funny how she is unable to deal with the demands while every other wife of the PM had no issues
Me thinks you are joking and just wanting responses
The clear objective is to defeat/ contain ISIS, and yes we were asked, both by the US and Iraq. Get informed.
Where do you get this stuff? Does the CIA have its own wire service?
I am a lifelong Conservative voter, but am fed up with these misleading ads. He didn't say budgets will balance themselves... the quote is taken so far out of context, that I really don't believe anything they are saying in this campaign.
Hit print, then put it in a box..:)
Ah, those were the days.
Benny Hinn and other preachers who makes millions off pretending to provide miracles need to be looked at. And BTW two congressmen, one Republican, one Democrat called on him to testify.
So BC has a chronic doctor shortage, should the medical system in BC just shut down because it isn't a 'viable business'?
200 jobs created - 500, 000 TFWS... 300,000 immigrants yearly. Still think this government is working for you and not the 1%?
Yes, it's always about $, as if....
Yes they are... that's what makes them 'rights'
Not as long as everyone else.
and they get off from it
Oh I see, Sharp. Though your claim is both wrong and irrelevant, using all caps REALLY DOES make the UN complicit it the Rwandan genocide. In that case, YOU ARE COMPLICIT in the genocide our government perpetrated against the First Nations of Canada.
My mistake. I thought the headline read Quebecers Do Batflips. Oh well.
In the misguided minds of Lefties, he's already done it.
Wente freely shares her lightweight opinions on children, primary through post-secondary education and science and medicine with no experience in any of these save an MA in English Lit. This is a relevant point.
Ok, it was the warmest year on the surface of the planet if you want to be precise. Satellites measure T about 5 km above the surface where different factors apply.
I think she based in US, so it is more like American trash in Canadian pile of sh...
Junk science like yours is what hurts people.
Just when you think Wente has hit bottom, she proves once again that there is no bottom.
Like the old saying goes: 'When dealing with Americans, plan to get screwed. Then you're never disappointed'.
They don't call it 'kiddy coke' for nothing. It is even sold on the black drug market, often by parents who get prescriptions for their own kids. Subverting our internal reward sytems - people have been doing it for millenia.
And Harper and his clueless supporters will turn around and blame the Liberals. Right?
I don't know where you are. People around here still call it 'pot'.
That few hundred would help a lot of people. And no the Libs haven't banned corporate subsidies, its more indirect but there's probably more subsidies going on than ever before.
Agreed. But Harper et al have been very skillful at turning people off politics to the point they will probably not vote. Then the Tories get out their base by demonizing the MSM, the SCC, intellectuals, those'who commit sociology...' And so it goes.
To be fair, even the US president offered words of condolences on Castro's death. It's only the bitter and hateful alt-right that do otherwise.
Because KSM's fundamental human rights protections against being tortured are the same as yours. If KSM can be tortured, so can you.
What makes you think they supported them? Isn't the other way around?
Maybe just get the kids to write in the change and save reprinting until after several changes are made. I am sure there are more coming.
I don't like all the bling Celine wears. Perhaps we should ban bling for everyone.
This is the election in a nutshell. Do you want dictatorial? Enemies lists? Attacks on Canadian institutions? Foreign policy / influence in ruins? Or do you want constructive and positive?
Folks love to tear down stuff but history shows the aftermath is often worse. But to those who haven't learned history's lessons this is a surprise.
A great deal of that reduction in fuel usage is illusory, due to the number of people who just go over the border to buy the far cheaper and less taxed US fuel.
Transparent? Hardly.
The power of propaganda, replete in so many of these comments!
If you refuse to answer, or hang up, they automatically dump you into the enemies list. You have no option to opt out of being profiled by a political party.
Will be interesting to watch, that's for sure.
The only Nazis in Europe are a few nut jobs in Hungary and, of course, the fascists in the Kremlin.
Responses such as this one INFURIATE ME!They contain zero facts and only anecdotal evidence, yet we're expected to take them at face value! They're no better than the article they're criticising!
None of your posts make any sense....
Actually those committees have worked from well to fine to ok in the past. So much so that the Harper Government disbanded all parliamentary committees in favour of omnibus legislation no one read.
I think you're wrong about that, that's one of the worst examples I've seen lately because its too narrow
Would like the con hack loserbots on here to REFUTE the study - not just smear the author with ad hominem attacks. REFUTE THE DATA IF YOU CAN. Waiting....*crickets*
True. One would think Milewski's & Martin's arms would get tired from constantly beating dead horses but their obsession with Harper appears to be all-consuming.
The Star - hypocritical and disingenuous to a fault - endorsed Tory not because it had any use for him, but because it realized that Chow had no chance. The Star is the anti-Ford, and as such, had no other place to go but Tory-land.
Wow! You are one bitter, bitter, man.
"leading to a rise again" s/b "leading to a rise in inequality again"
Has Chrispy Clark ever been to all 4 corners of British Columbia? She kinda sounds like a under educated premier.
Eliza, I understand your concern. I drop off my kids old clothes every now and then at one of the Native drop in centers in Winnipeg. 'What the %^&$ you want white man?'The racism is pretty rampant on both sides.
If you don't want to put your money into a TFSA for ideological reasons you can donate your money to those folks. You'll get a tax credit for that too.
Harper has inspired me to do just that - E. May in my riding, and the Liberals for the rest of the country!! Nice to know that for every $100 I donate, Harperites have to foot over $30 of my contribution!!
City council, be careful. Denying Scarborough its subway, while giving one to Vaughan, is going to put Scarborough voters massively on Ford's side.
Best columnist/op-ed writer over the past 3 decades.
But natives won't reduce their demands for money no matter how they kill the economy.
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/brynn-tannehill/fighting-back-against-ant_b_5633450.html
What then are taxbreaks?
Funny, the rest of Canadians are thinking "We finally got rid of the trash". It's only the rabid right-wingers that were happy with harpers failures...
You call that arbitrary age a solution? Make it legal for those over 101 years of age. Now THERE'S a problem solved.
Conservative colony of Britain? Thanks for the clarification... I thought we had become a conservative colony of Israel.
I blame the internet.
when you spread riches around, population growth slows down. you cant just dictate to the poor, you need to help lift them from poverty. then they will stop having so many kids.
Please provide proof that Paul Martin is Trudeau's economic advisor. Is Mr. Martin going to craft Liberal policy. This is pretty big news.
Love won't pay the rent, as the old saying goes. Sometimes people marry more out of practical consideration than out of love. That was certainly true among many men and women who married during the Depression.
Yes - a truly naive piece of scribbling !
People have the right to be stupid. Unfortunately, this will cost the life of a child.
'We have lost the greatest political leader of the past half-century'____________________________________________A bit over-the-top don't you think, Globe Editors?'The most divisive, inflexible leader' would have been more accurate.
Norm. Trying to equate Canada's democratic leadership with that of Iran is just nonsense.
You express my thoughts exactly. I have added my own comment and wonder if you fell the same.
But RC, its late November already! Seriously, thanks for your all too kind words.
Or - PRIME MINISTER TRUDEAU WINS AGAIN!
Or look at Alberta.
now now let's not be self-righteous up is down ?
Wow - difficult to take this editorial seriously with a typo in the first line! Oops - Lol!
Another person who thinks CO2 is plant food. Where did you get your science training?
And you blow wind, BT.
Just think, Mr Trudeau is using Wynne's advisers. Can you imagine the idiocy that is now Ontario, being run on a national level. We're doomed.
Now this helps to bring the country together! What tripe.
I read the whole thing without blinking after misreading 'China' as 'Canada' in the header.
Dont become like us...
Okay, but seriously, have we sociologically determined that bullying is a bad thing?
'It?s why today, I am speaking in favour of Canadian pipelines. Because I believe the cost of ?no? is far too great.'When I contemplate the extreme damage that pipelines and tankers could cause I believe the cost of 'yes' is far to great!
Another naive commentary from M. Lagac?
When did Obama gut the US military? Or is that just another talking point?
It's not about the hours worked, it's about the nature of the work and the impact on earnings of taking jobs with more work flexibility.
What the 'Ford Nation' are busy doing right now is collecting money and making arrangements to purchase and destroy that video. Why doesn't Mayor Ford simply submit to a drug test and put this whole scandal to rest?
a fuddle duddle moment
There is no comparing a Canadiam prime minister with a US President. A president is head of state, commander in chief
courage? the guy has a pulpit and pontificates for a living. Courage i think not!
Harper came from Ontario!
The bathroom.
Love your avatar name. Could you provide some specifics on what you disagree with?
Perhaps early, more primitive and dare I say unreported interpretations of the existing laws caused confusion that still exists to this day.
He clearly believes his political career is over, so he might as well cash in.
Neither does Justin Bieber!
Pretty lame attempt to defend this pos.
OK. Here it is simpler. Add crap to clean water - Bad Keep water free of crap - good.
This column misses the point. Don't all workers have the right to lobby/campaign in their own best interests? Should any group be excluded from making their case public? Not in a democracy!
Newspapers reflect their readers, or they lose them.
Is that a threat?
Theresa May is eleven times the leader that Clinton could ever be, and Britain currently still has a leader with more brains than anyone in the US race and anyone in the Canadian government.
Ned, 'Since they hate us for being in their lands, why not just get out of their lands?' That's so old it's not even funny. Hey, I got it - How about, 'Yanqi, go home!' It's an oldy but a goody.
Beach41 Not knowing how to spell 'lose' affects your credibility.
ASK THE FRENCH...............
What is your definition of terrorist?
Actually, the more I read your post the less I get from it other than jingoistic assertions. How are things at the kgb today komrad?
Th Aussies dumped their idiot this morning.
Two wrongs make a right?
Wally should read the news occasionally.
Zero examples. And the Muslim countries you refer to are all 3rd world, poor - great.
Stupid is as stupid does.
Find a source where he actually said that and post it. Can you? Will you?
'manageress'? yikes
Harper is most certainly a huge part of the problem. Harper and all the soulless brain dead folk who both work and vote for him.
Alan, write omar and invite him to come live with you if you think he has been wronged or is a victim of the system.
I had the same thought
Missing from your smug reply is the obvious: The AutoPact worked.
There is a reason why sentences are not set by victims.
excellent post. i was thinking the same. we don't some harper fool telling us how to feel.
I just mentioned Thats its crazy watching my wife watch Who Can Dance too and the moderators deleted it. Why?
Go off the grid with a large diesel generator. It will be a lot cheaper. You can even get them to run on natural gas.
There is/was a 'free lunch' hosted by the Liberals and paid for by the taxpayer. Pick the economic file, and in every instance there was a Liberal insider feeding at the trough.
"the hot air balloon that comprises Klein's book"...all 466 pages of text and 100 of notes and index.
An ironic thing too is the riding's the OPP are supposed to serve and protect are mostly conservative in nature. What kind of message is the OPP going to send to those riding's?
Jack Bauer, what does your comment have to do with the original poster? are you simply incapable of understanding anything beyond infantile taunts and name-calling?
Oooh boy! I guess you've revealed a lot about yourself in a single sentence
I am going to agree with you on that as women entering politics are few and far between.
?I find the level of discourse and discussion distressingly banal and an outrage and an insult to the voters.?- Michael Bloomberg (speaking on the US election)Why is the G&M even covering this ?
right on !
got any details on the 'plenty of checks along the way'? 'cause Enbridge was not required totable any details of their plans for'checks along the way'. trust? ask the Kalamazoo residents..
The Marxist has hijacked carbon and meaningful discussion surrounding global population crisis isn't happening. Theirs no income distribution in population control.
If angry Tom quits being so angry and becomes moderate. I'm not sure he has it in him.
That's wonderful for you, but your right to voluntary euthanasia has the collateral consequence of exposing the vulnerable in society to the illegal practice of INvoluntary euthanasia.
The only thing smug is your comment - devout of content , but rich on attitude.
You can't be serious....
The date of hearings? pfft.. don't hold your Breath Ron as your going to be sadly disappointed.
Nothing smacks of pretension like a left-wing wannabe writer. Do you wear round glasses and have elbow patches on your corduroy jacket?
or the G&M
Why would we want to eliminate meat consumption? Humans, among other animals, are omnivores, as nature intended.
Where, oh Where, are the hate police today? Dast I say 'Anti-muslim'?
Utter rubbish. Every barrel of oil that isn't produced here will be produced elsewhere with no regard for the environment. All of the steel Mills you greens drove out of the country have been replaced by dirtier Mills with no regulation in China....
The last time I read an editorial this overwrought was when someone hid the editor's Prozac.
I agree 100%
Quite good wasn't it?
Roskell: how on earth is the covenant "voluntary" if you can't attend the school without agreeing to it? That makes it compulsory. Obviously fallacious argument such as this is a sign of motivated reasoning.
You have just, unwittingly no doubt, described the IPCC.
If the revenue stream shrinks, then they have to cut expenses and that can include debt payments.... this means insolvent.
This is all so scary and negative and reminds me of the mean Mr Harper, who we just got rid of. We must always remember, 'sunny days, my friends, sunny days.'
Since he's a New York socialist I would lean towards sex offender...
At least those unskilled, uneducated hillbillies you mock were willing to work.
A small federal government is as it should be.In this country the provinces do the heavy lifting, and as health care expenditures increase, more resources are going to be needed at the provincial level.
Agreed. This is so important to fix. We see the corrosive and corrupt influence money is having on politics in the USA, and it is growing significantly here. We must stop this.
And the grandmother who can no longer walk properly after being kicked in the knee for asking for a cop's name:-Judge: DamnationSIU: No chargeCop: No penaltyThis woman cannot walk unaided
In another article here this evening, there is a story about the Liberals refusing to outlaw the use of cluster bombs. I'm sure that the Liberals will come back with their usual response of 'Canadians voted for cluster bombs when they elected us'
What are you smoking, man?
Of course they will.
Her only mistake was apologizing.
Ooops, typo, 'Sure, but what did Hilary really offer...'
So, for a woman, going into police work ranks as high on your list as prostitution?
This article is clickbait and nothing more. Sad that the Globe has sunk this low.
65% of Registered Republicans agree with Trump in his idea to bar all Muslims from entering. Trump may be bad for the US, but good for the world, because he will finally illustrate to the world what a huge percentage of Americans are total nutcases.
https://www2.ucar.edu/climate/faq#t2507n1344That blue line towards the right hand edge looks pretty flat, whatever spin you try to put on it.
What can they do? They can stop voting for and supporting a terrorist antisemitic government. Until then, what goes around comes around.
Is that you Earl?
not the country just the angry.
The larger point in my view is that 'settled science' often isn't.That fact applies to all science not just health and nutritional science. Those on the CAGW bandwagon might want to take note.
Looking for unconscious irony?'enjoy the hate spewing propaganda you left wing idiots'
But that's only because they want to roast the newborn rape-babies over bonfires which are kept buring with copies of all kinds of liberal manifestos, bills of rights and such. And Harper always adds the seasoning and gets first dibs.
Syria and Jordan were artificial creations, too, just tossed out there after World War I. They have been a pain in the keister ever since, and ditto Iraq.
Is that fair to megalomaniacs?
Me thinks you doth protest too much...
The OAS is a guaranteed income supplement for every Canadian, many seniors are struggling to put food on the table. Do retired politicians really need government welfare cheques?
Harper is the Putin of the Western world. And Tony Abbott is his soul sister.
I continue not to understand why someone would take the time to write such a moronic comment.
RobinYou want to bet on that? New governments tend to continue the practices of the previous government. h
It?s time for the Green Party to pack it in.Agreed.
that still exists up north or at least the form bit
Norman Bethune was a humanitarian before being a communist. Pierre Trudeau did the decent thing of engaging rather than isolating China, unlike the majority of the commentators in this thread.
I was waiting for Bender's definition. Dictionary. com does not really agree with you.
Thank you very much for this excellent editorial. It is sad that this mean-spirited bigotry is happening in Canada.
Thank goodness we never elected smithermen as mayor. Can you imagine how f'ed up he would be making the whole subway thing... never liked that man...
Feel free to add it to your bag of concern troll talking points.
Yep rafting instructing and drama that will do it to be Liberal leader or PM. What kind of drama did he teach and where, when and for who ?
Where did you get the idea any media has to give both sides the same positive coverage? Particularly when most sane people consider trump a disaster?
So DaveWR, when are you and your 'fearless leader' heading to the front lines?
and no doubt admired by the North Koreans..
This will not be solved militarily!
CoyoteMan... you don't know what you are talking about. First Nations has no veto over legislation. None. Stuff you muth where the sun doesn't shine.
So you basically support the poor suffering for longer than the wealthy?
Not according to the media and the paid Harper haters.
I see that 7 readers have noted the error in my comment. Yes, Wente has actually been on the board of Energy Probe since 2003, not 2006. Thanks! Which makes her wilful ignorance easier to understand. A decade of hanging around Solomon will do that.
When do you retire?
What does this have to do with Canada?
Yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Yep... best in Canada. Thinking of building a retirement cabin near Osoyoos... very healthy climate.
It appears ignorance is bliss in your case. Maybe you should take your own advice.
I dunno. The way Kathleen keeps shooting herself in the foot.... anything could happen.
I would say the only thing that makes this election that different from the last one is the extreme feelings for or against this time around.
Durr Canada are the goodest country in the world!!!!111!!1!!1!1!!!
So are you proposing we cover the entire planet in panels? Pretty lame comment
Are you serious?? There should be a law that all people at least once have to care for children for an entire day. People like to judge things about which they know nothing.
Good thing the Liberals are said to be close to a major new interprovincial trade deal. HOpefully by end of 2016 we'll have it.
Come on. Don't be too critical of Konrad. He's shooting for a Senate appointment by the Dear Leader.
HA !! Too funny ...
I don't think so. She is channeling Roosevelt as in 'there is nothing to fear but fear itself.' The only way ISIS can destroy our societies is if we do it for them.
If we make the difficult decision to acquiesce and let you go and watch Rugby do you promise not to continually return to offer these insightful opinions - sorely missed as they will be.
Privately funded seems to include a contribution from Parks Canada of $100K. If it's such a good idea, build it on private land. This has no place in a National Park. A small memorial, perhaps, but not this monstrosity.
Didn't think so
Trudeau's 'wild drunken shot' is to do what has been done in Great Britain with their House of lords since the year 2000.
If you're going to convince the rest of us that you've put a lot of deep thought into your position, at least have the courtesy to correctly spell the names of your media 'enemies.'
Please tell us how Canada 'should prepare accordingly'
Hello to more of the same old from the elitist democrats.
Problem with your logic. Majority of voters don't want Trudope as PM or Mulcair either. What is your point?
What exactly are Corbyn's 'extreme ideas,' in your opinion?
Just curious why this lawyer ever worked for the Conservatives, it is obvious he is a Liberal. Speaking of infiltrating and trying to cause damage.
The UN is as ineffective and useless as the league of nations. It is fully a sham and a waste of good money. Get rid of it or tighten up entrance requirements..
i would have to disagree... the main thing Martin did to reduce the deficit was to claw back $42B in provincial transfers
HTexmes : anyone who 'thumbs down' your post, is either naive, a Liberal, benefited from one of Trudeau's programs, or less than 10 years old.
The point is, 39 percent of Canadian voters decided experience in snowboard instructing was good enough to be PM if your name was Trudeau. Discussion of Trudeau is spot on wrt this piece.
Perhaps you can explain how you've arrived at this conclusion since every scenario I run disagrees with that assessment.
Can you say Kalamazoo?
And, recalling Rocky & Bullwinkle, the Cdn. Prime Minister is Fearless Leader disguised as Stephen Harper. I am still searching for the upsidasium mine.
TPP looks like a good deal. It's not perfect but what is? As for the critics, opting out of TPP is simply not an option.
A lifetime of improvement, yet you are still living down east. My My.(PS I know you think it is central Canada, but the dividing line is on the east side of Manitoba)
More clickbait from Ms. Wente. You know if this was an Islamic law university there would be all hell to pay.
Who is the progressive candidate ?
It's a desperate attempt to paint Trudeau as some kind of kid (age 43) who's a clone of his father (d. 2000). Pretty much par for the course, in terms of substance coming from the Conservative corner.
I wonder if the tories on this site felt the same way about Mila Mulroney and her 3 personal assistants. It is so easy to be a keyboard editorialist.
was it a honey bee?
That's right, because helping people continue their drug addictions is the same as a defining symbol of our country. That does seem rather silly, doesn't it?
Trudeau to the French people: 'keep taking in those refugees from Syria, better is always possible.'
Thank you, Mr. Byers. One only has to look at Turkey's extradition requestof cleric Gulen to understand how craven an extradition treaty with a serialhuman rights violator can get.
Yes, but we participated in that, so we're not supposed to talk about it.
It's easier to teach a child early-on about homosexuality than it is to cure them of homophobia later.
The key word there is the 'same' as opposed to almost the same. Not the same :)
Started long before the 90's. You must be too young to remember the 70's.
How would YOU follow this trail?
David --- your 3:48.you might also want to pose a question to Tokyo Electric Power as to why they put the Fukushima reactor on (nor 'near', not 'by')but _ right on top of_ a known geological fault with a history of past slippages.
Daphne, Yes, Catholic hospitals DO have the right to refuse assisted dying.
Your comment is meaningless in this application, you must have been waiting to use this one for a long time.
What's odd about that? he is an example of a successful immigrant who has integrated with his new country/culture
Exactly,.. "of course there has been progress" as you say below Milou2, which is not what Tabatha is acknowledging.
www. latimes.com/nation/politics/trailguide/la-na-trailguide-updates-latino-support-for-hillary-clinton-at-1478451714-htmlstory .html Really? This story says Clinton's at 76%.
What a stupid retort...
Your hard core rural/65+ and Simpson's 'farm' vote analysis is way too simple. Calgary has been Conservative blue for years and the Conservatives have done well in many suburbs of large cities which are definitely not rural.
The sad part is that the ads are aimed at the stupidest Canadians, those too dumb to think for themselves, so they need Harper to tell them how to think. Fortunately over seventy percent of Canadians are smart enough not to fall for it.
Baird was also in Politics for 20 years. I guess you can't see the difference can you?
The man has neither honour nor commnon sense. Is there an impeachment rule in Toronto? How to stage a coup?
Canadians are jumping off the hate train re the niqab. Harper's wedge issue had a limited life. Poor skyofblue.
Where do I find the peer reviewed paper in support of your last 2 sentences ?
Indeed and ISIL should immediately stop slaughtering innocent people. But neither is going to happen.
WesternPatriot - that's not what Peter Page claimed. Can I take this as your agreement that he was talking from his bigotry?
Precisely. To be a supporter of the CONs, you have to be either asleep or brain dead.
I've spent a lot of time in Vermont, follow Bernie Sanders on Twitter, wish they could vote to join Canada.
but none would ever agree because you would have to accept the political status quoand that is not going to happen on either side and each will resort to force in the end in some form
lf they are brain eating zombies at least Don Cherry will be ok... cheap shot but couldn't resist.
Your comment is 100% truth , JoAnne.
I think the Globe and Mail editors need to read their own Letters page today for some very compelling reasons why merit pay has a bigger downside than upside.
Well said Bob. This is another example where the writer of the opinion piece is clueless but many of the comments are knowledgeable.
If you are talking about hands-on skills, say cooking, you are correct. But there are many skills, such as using software, that are better on line than in person.
That's how my wife plays, anyway!
Now it is out in the open that the report was bogus. Maybe the retraction of this article on front page is an order? http://www.globalresearch.ca/fake-report-on-russian-soldier-deaths-in-ukraine-sets-the-western-media-on-fire/5472644
1- set terms2 - set election dates3 - rated voting ticketswould be a good start.
You can respond to people who hold unpopular beliefs in ways that don't affect their rights. Nobody has a right to a Bruce Springsteen concert.
That was an outstandingly well written column.
Apparently they know their base well.
Why are you living in a country that you have no respect for? Convenient Canadian by chance?
' ... admires the former leader?s economic record and strongly defended it during the election campaign.'So he's a liar, a fool, or both.
I am so relieved to live in a democracy once again.
It probably does reflect the average Egyptian's thoughts. Unfortunately, Islamists aren't known for pragmatic solutions to living in peace with one's neighbours.
I agree. The Trudeau factor has dragged the Liberals from death's door to challenging the Conservatives for power. Despite his flaws and missteps, Trudeau remains a fascinating phenomenon.
Porn has infiltrated our culture to the point where kids are exposed to it from an early age, from all media, not just the internet. Porn is the new normal. How is that a good thing, and is there a link to our culture of broken families?
I wonder if the same people who go on about Harper forming government with an 'undemocratic' 39% will be gnashing their teeth about Wynne's 37%.It is to laugh.
h: would you be so good as to provide a link establishing mr harper's connection to 'the northern foundation'?i see this referred to constantly, but have yet to find a single credible source for it.
Follow up. What's it like being a man trying to address these issues with entitled teenage girls testing your patriarchal authority? Do you ever feel like handing that off to the head mistress?
Exactly...
Good of you to tell women what they should be working towards.
That would be true if it was a bona fide witch hunt... which this is not. It is a public health issue.
Did you come up with that one yourself? Does IQ factor in as a qualifier for being PM?
"establishment disinformation agents" !! Take your meds, nutbar.
Stockwell Day. Tim Hudak. Stephan Dion (not unintelligent but a woeful communicator)
it should be illegal to run a deficit
Harper, Harper, Harper. The extreme right wingers wake up on a morning thinking of him and of their european queen.
Thanks for the responses! I am not sure where I stand on him. It could very well be a 'red herring' but it also can be the truth.
I hope that they win their case.
Absolutely. Fascination with celebrity due to no life of your own.
History Hunter: The Voyageurs' status is complicated. Wikipedia summarizes it well. I became interested in them from reading the newspapers of the day. They got a lot of press.
I'm sure a Fabio-esque type employee won't get very far in a conservative business environment either. I don't think this has much to do with being a women but rather with proper workplace conduct?
So brave of those who feel Bourque deserves another trial. I wonder how you would feel if you would lose a family member of your families. You would not give a damn about him of that I am sure.
Indian are probably the ones who will bury the west once for all, just look at the pace all stuff are outsourced to there, even English.
Ambrose, I am not certain the majority of Britons are right-wing; I think it is an artefact of first past the post. Do you have any statistics to support your contention? I am willing to be persuaded by facts.
@Lamont CranstonWhen a poster has to resort to personal insults abuse and can't dispute the original comment, in a round about way he has admitted he has no position he can defend and has subtly admitted the original poster is correct.
robo-cons, 'lets be clear as mud'.
Chris, "partisan" in this country is just used as an alternative for "conservative". Any time someone uses the word "non-partisan", you can immediately substitute it for "liberal" and it is still considered true.
But at least they're honest in their racism, not the two-faced hypocritical type expressed by many White Canadians.
jimetjules may make lots of sense but J-NC does not know how to read such detailed commentary! He will be unable to comprehend such level of d?tails. Well, dates maybe, but there are none here...
Really?- Try and stay on point here - that was something that actually happened (I'll take your word for it) - the question or point here is: how did the media cover this? - did they do so in a sexist manner?
You're known by the company you keep. Ford keeps company with conservatives, so he must be like them, and they must be like him.
No, many won't.Many have moved on to supporting Jill Stein... some to Johnson... a few onto Trump. http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-07-14/bernies-betrayal-sparks-1000-jump-donations-jill-steins-campaignABC
Spot on. And the author of this piece knows very well that politicians pointing this out had better represent a political riding where that's safe .
We may just as well run elections based on newspaper comments.
'Political power has been restored to its natural place: Central Canada.' Ugh. What a load of rubbish. Mason, in what world is that kind of attitude acceptable?
Should have sent Mr. Kadhr back to that desert paradise he was killing Americans for.
audit the auditors!!! Right out of Kafka....but real in Ottawa. Amazing.
So you concede that Harper's move is political exploitation of the deaths. Thanks for posting.
Wow, this guy should be charged with assault. And, to the 'manly men' justifying this behavior, nice lesson to teach kids.
The homosexual agenda of the Globe continues, while Christians are being killed in the Middle East daily, is it a faux pas to talk about churches being blown up amongst the chattering class.
just plain weird
More like Germany 1640 as it serves as a battleground.
Watch 'This is what winning looks like' a doc film on Afghanistan on youtube. See for yourself.
Bravo KONRAD YAKABUSKI. Thank you for saying it like it is. There are many people who care about justice, who care about Omar, who correspond and visit with him, and who would be honoured to open their homes to him.
If you think about it, when he was 23, you were 0.
If Trump wins, you could always move there. One word: kevlar
'In less than a week?s time, the Prime Minister circumvented the globe twice.'Jebus, Larry, don't drink and type.
that's funny plane safety, based in the middle east,
Mark Shore is referring to climate change. It's pretty obvious to any regular reader of these columns.
Much of Saskatchewan's oil is the same heavy crude that is typical of Alberta. Costs are going to be similar. You should recall that the Husky Oil Upgrader is located in Saskatchewan, not Alberta. There's a reason for that.
Absolutely. I recently got my Metis status recognized for just that reason. There are too many advantages to having native or Metis status that you have to get it, regardless of your distaste for special birth rights.
Obviously a con-pawn. Witness the old partisan hackism that if you're not a Conservative supporter you must be a "Lib/NDP partisan supporter.
More college educated women voted for Trump.
This article caters to the anti-Catholic biggots in this province. The reporter is entitled to his 'opinions,' but it is certainly not a balanced article whatsoever. It is a non-issue in this election.
Mention of 'Ford' and 'common sense' in the same sentence is an oxymoron.
@ J_Lee - "someone living as far out east as Scarbourough has to [help] finance your downtown subway" because there are 1000s of people living in Scarborough working downtown. Seems pretty simple.
That's why we should stop allowing Muslims into Canada. It may not be the parents that want to do us harm but in many cases it's their offspring.
Is it allowed to publish the word pasta in books in Quebec?
Really I've got to go to the NYTimes to find supported, coherent posts and rebuttals. Sa.
You are right, Harry, but then, you are wrong too, just like man-made religion. Welcome to yourself.
Andy, beautifully said. Ms. Paris's essay is a case of unintended self-parody, of how insensitive 'human rights' bureaucrats -- given vast Islamist-based war crimes-- can be..
Jeffery Simpson for a little perspective: http://www.theglobeandmail.com/commentary/canada-is-not-becoming-outclassed/article4082381/
What he is trying to say is yes we have some embarrassing people on our side. But pretending the left has some equally embarrassing and suggesting Bernie Sanders fits that bill is preposterous.
Your bigotry is showing and is irrelevant to the topic at hand. Banning 'Muslims' does not ban people from being or becoming Muslim in Canada and it does nothing to stop fanatacism via the internet.
And riots in charlotte as well.
Okay, enough with the scaremongering before Trudeau's first day on the job.
Fee fighters. Is overhead dropping? Ontario should pay 4.4% of full-service GPs' office overheads. A good start toward a GP Charter designed to resuscitate family medicine and encourage young doctors and retain older ones.
Thank you-
Just more of what I am beginning to think of as Herr Harper's GoebbelsGate. Copel Marcus
in my experience our best and brightest eventually move , why wouldn't they? i can't imagine anyone with ambition to make a difference joining the public sector, in any capacity, its simply too slow an enviroment.
PP is a little man. I believe the words odious and unctuous apply.
Simply proves that intelligence is not a prerequisite for wealth.
Your amazement is enhanced by your own stupid non sequiturs.
She'll modify her stance or face extinction. She has already outlined a 9-point program that includes lowering the barrier against speedy deportation. (Source: Deutsche Welle)
Field Marshal Harper did know what was going on!!! HO HO.. I do not think the Teflon is working any more. The voters are beginning to realize how dishonest this reform con group is.
I get the feeling from the comments below that many are laughing at this 'op-ed' from an incompetent pollster.
Konrad... stop trying to divert attention away from the Globe and Mail celebrity culture even though its fairly conservative :)
Good news: 1) No coalition2) No need to worry about splitting the vote, except a few diehard Liberals.
Canadians voted against Harper, not so sure about what you're saying.
Daycare empowers parents and allows parent who can't afford children to make a go of it. If the end result is a little damage to the child, well, that's the price we pay for the choices we make.
There is not enough space provided to list what Pierre does not understand.
They didn't limit it at all, Globe Editorial Board, they merely opened up programs like the IMP to hide the fact they were letting them in.
Good luck with that one.
Hahaha. You're funny.
for another uninformed fool, ha ha ha, just Google 'Richard Lindzen, Alfred P. Sloan professor of meteorology, MIT'woo-hoo, this guy a real wacko, just not in the loop like the happenin' Tabatha
We are being played by wente like a cheap Tennesse fiddle... she is one of many setup people coming our way for the Globe's endorsement of harper
You clearly don't live in Vancouver or you wouldn't write such a comment. Quinn is as close to hockey royalty in this city as there could possibly be. He revolutionized what the Canucks meant to this city with the changes he made.
The only reason I can see for Gordon Gibson writing this article was to get his name in the paper.
Just the two largest releases of toxins into the Athabasca water shed and part of that mining that Seth omits all the time. Those cancers on great bear lake ( another mine) are not from nuclear power are they seth because its a mine.
Yes, let's ignore what's going on in Europe, since we have no solution. Better to stick to our own news sources which won't mention such things and encourage us in our naive optimistic North American parochialism.
This so-called 'Fair Elections Act' needs to either be defeated, scrapped or left to die on the Order Paper in the House of Commons. There is absolutely nothing that can be done to make this piece of garbage into a diamond. Nothing.
Ahh Michele K, you are hitting on an important point. The reality is that this is *NOT* 'free trade' but rather 'managed trade'.Still, this level of 'managed trade' is less than what we had before, so it is an improvement and should be passed.
A much more logical solution would be for the Americans and its allies to stop funding and arming the anti-Assad forces in Syria so that the Syrian army could wipe out ISIS. The US created this mess and easily could end it.
Your lifetime of experience working the carnival weight game convinces me you're right.
One of the bail conditions is he can only communicate with his family by phone and only in English. So that answers one of your straw-man questions.
He is as useless as teats on a bull.
You know the language you're using isn't even your own, right? 'Leftist elitists'? Step away from the hype, look at the situation for what it really is. Who are you defending?
Bomb shelters? Bomb shelters? What a novelty. Something the Palestinians will never have and they need protection from the most sophisticated of bombs. You should be ashamed for whining.
Nor did they have CPP or free health care, paid for by others.
You are referring to fundamentalist Muslims, some sects are quite open to other cultures.
How would you deal with the Daesh then?
Oh yes lets cut all social security pensions and healthcare payments and let people starve to death
Robert Fisk needs to focus more on what his PM Cameron is planning regardingthe curtailment of hateful messaging. Fisk is a master at hateful messaging.
Boring article that didn't tell us anything.
Much of the time all foreign policy is driven by the self-interest of the nation. We are not altruists when we sit at that trade agreement and shouldn't be.
Are you serious....Israel engages in no propaganda and are moral and justified in engaging in Apartheid? Not even Nethanyhu is that stupid.... prog you are the bottom of the barrel.
Yet not a single point to refute the facts as stated.
Against white cops? Otherwise, your comment is nonsense... this is a discussion of white police and black suspects...
Bit of a conundrum. There may be a language challenge, save that curiously the spelling is perfect.
Actually in Montreal many people read the Globe, since 65% of the population is bilingual and 30% is trilingual! But because of you're ignorant and probably unilingual you would not know that!
You nailed it - Manley and Ibbitson are distasteful for exactly the same reasons.
By all means, attack the motives of the author instead of saying anything at all to refute her opinion.
So funny D.Jeff! where do you come up with this stuff?
That's an ironic rant.
I don't care what their politics are but why let squatters push us around?
Given the current 'normal' I'd say its already chaotic. So much for the holier than thou.
How insulting to seven year olds!
Its not being hypocritical. Its called being respectful. Have you not heard the concept of not speaking ill of the dead?
Let's just have fair, progressive taxation that gives us enough money to run proper social services. Not another series of tax loopholes.
I concur, induction should follow.
Jimmee: "worth repeating" Let's repeat CR rating that puts so many GM models "worst of the worst" reliability.
Hear, hear!
Totally wrong assumption.
I agree, the Globe appears to have gone off the deep end. I am not saying the concerns expressed are not worth discussing our are completely without merit, but they are not in the last balanced examinations.
Of course, the folks in power now reject both science and the concept of climate change. And there are enough deniers and self-absorbed among the Great Misled to keep them in power. It's a mutual made up of ignorance and power-seekers.
Or whinging baby boomer journalists.
Gee Mister, you really caught me off guard with this one. Does this mean we could get police and politicians to obey the law as often as we do?
Last I heard, the authors of the study were academics, not pols.
Alberta will be fine. There might even be a proper road built from Edmonton to Fort Mac.
And Liberal Mac Harb. Don't forget Mac. Muddies up the thesis a little, I know.
Hahahaha, I think I know the one. I have been there. L'Curie, right?
Hahaha well played Norm!
It would be interesting to know, I am sure its lots.
Problem is that electric cars do more harm to the environment than the gas powered ones do - http://www.wsj.com/articles/SB10001424127887324128504578346913994914472
So Bart does that makes Wildrose as bad as the Liberals? Albertans expect better from their politicians.
Election works for me.
And your insights are scintillating.
I think he was saying that the intelligence agencies are sometimes wrong.
You're simply playing the blame game - other people did it too! I don't know if Martin did, but if so, it was wrong there as well.
I have to have a look at the source here. Simpson may have written something good about the NDP. I just cannot remember reading it!
A good book that explains the Trump fiasco is 'Empire of Illusion: The End of Literacy and the Triumph of Spectacle,' by Chris Hedges. The Trump followers simply cannot separate truth from illusion--a peril of being stupid.
So if one lacks purpose and meaning in life, why would one not feel excluded?
'Why do the press always get involved with elections?'Seriously, is this a serious question?
Instead of discussing the toilet that Conservative Partisan Politics swims in, you should instead read Lawrence Martin's 'The Great Economist' on page 33 of Report on Business.
He also, and has been forgotten, just prior to the 2011 election increased the termination payouts for Conservative hires in the Gov't that would lose their jobs if the CPC lost the election.
You must have had the 16 dollar orange juice.
You are straying....try to focus on the topic.
?? anti immigrant ?? Im Albertan by choice -and hence Canadian
Stop it Andy. You don't know what you are talking about.
And yet, they've already far surpassed anything the Harper gov't did in 10 years in power.
Which speaks as negatively to Toronto voters as T-rump's 'popularity' does to Repugnicant voters.
' In other words, politics at the Federal level in Quebec may well be quickly evolving to become more similar to that in other regions of Canada. '--------In other words, some federalists are trusted by the Quebecois.
Lol, so says the poster who writes obsessive anti-Trudeau comments to every possible article in the Globe.
The root of this is society's shame of sex. Get rid of that and you get rid of most reluctance.
Atheism and agnosticism both qualify as "religions".
And you're probably our Savior!!! Am I the only one who thinks this is crazy? Basing your vision of the world and socio-political conflicts between UK and based on the Bible....What about Nostradamus? Mohamed? Santa Claus?
After this, I doubt it.
@jeff... Such a debate may be valid from a academic standpoint, but it would not really tell us about individual situations. Surely some same-sex parents are better than traditional parents, regardless of any statistical generalities.
Bonkers? I believe it from the one post. Is 'gender integrity' really a thing?
So jr, how are others not being included. Can you give a specific example?
It won't though.
Ten free articles, clear the cookies, ten free articles, repeat. The quality of this newspaper has hit a new low.
I think commerceliazation is killing hockey, when its all about money the game losing its appeal.
let the provinces appoint their senators
I'd rather they tear down the ugly condos on the waterfront. THEY should never have been built. The island residences are beautiful. Why the hatred?
It certainly did when one deranged individual shot 14 women in Quebec!
Ohhh the G&M. Can you please link us to your editorials of allergic reaction to Harper when he cut sales tax to get elected? Taxes and politics? Never have they been mixed before!
The Orlando massacre should firstly be GRIEVED and MOURNED properly, before talking about which group OWNS (aka: Remembered) this crime.
This is nuts! That we support, condone and legitimise the nutbar thinking espoused by the university administrators is proof that our tax money is not well spent.
we are... but the system doesn't allow for recall of politicians/crooks...we have to wait til next election
You doth speak to soon.
...the controlled media?
True. Especially the childish reference to Swift Current as Speedy Creek.
Who are these elites who want this? And what country has an open immigration policy? No one has that.
Keeping up with the news does not mean daily gorging. Reading weekly news mags or even monthly encapsulations, and you'll do fine. If not better.
Obama was prevented from getting anything done because of the Republican Congress and Senate. They squashed any and everything he tried to do. Failing to look at the reasons doesn't make you right.
what about chickens?
Bob says to talk to them, throw money at them, after his bashing opening. Same old.
And Catholics don't pay any other taxes? 2.4 million Catholics, that's a lot of all kinds of taxes.
I don't know, Zontario. I'm religious and am quite the slapstick jokester (and an irreverent one, at that).
You're in denial, keller.
Mm...of over 13,000 peer-reviewed reports presented, only 24 reject the theory... please tell me what, in your mind, would represent certainty?
I'm far more concerned about Donald Trump's mental health, than Hillary Clinton's physical health. Hillary will recover quickly, but there is no known treatment for what Trump suffers from.
people who came to live here, from those far away places know what the robo-cons really stand for, they have families and friends there that have hope change will come.
'What the heck... we're in it so deep already ? let's run some 'YAY Christy' TV ads and have a big Bollywood bash!'
you idiot, the ndp voted against, the libs for
How much have you read?
Andre worries about infrasound.
Not much has changed. Same platitudes to entice the masses looking for something for nothing from people who are unfamiliar with the concept of telling the truth.
It also shows what selfish family this is - where is now his big bully bro? He does not care about getting this fatso to a rehab? I think Doug is now into self-preservation mode and is throwing Robbie under the bus. Typical conservatives.
So you are suggesting someone's employment or educational background makes them more worthy to vote?
Wow, I'm amazed that you can't understand the hypocrisy of your comment. As long as it serves your purpose, eh?
Your view is distorted by your politics, and by trying to get a job at McDonalds....
"Because people want simple slogans." Such as "respect for taxpayers" and "stop the gravy train"? How'd that work out for them? You're right, though. {sigh!}
I think most 'conservatives' would do well to look the word up in a dictionary and reflect on whether that is really what they're after. I see nothing conservative about our federal government for example. Quite the opposite.
""n fact, we need to figure out how to manage population decreases."" LOL !!! See: ""World population stabilization unlikely this century"" at science. org.
I'm going to start a Wikileaks drinking game. Bet I'm drunk by 2 pm.
Don't mix cultural practices with religious ones. Female genital circumcision is a cultural practice not a religious one, and certainly not an Islamic one.
Liberals hate merit. They are pro-Affirmative Action.
He's a prime-minister.
Actually the promise was made to David Orchard but this error does not change the correct conclusion about McKay's character (or lack there of).
I agree that is always the third choice.
Are you trying to claim that he has NO influence on Mr. Trudeau?
m000 Warmer is better.
Because it mirrors their agenda....
Beware progressive leftists They try to give you "guilt" for not being "compassionate" as they aspire to "compassion" with other people's money
Just kick military out of their tents! How about doing thing by the book? Hey, Junior will get his selfies!
You've missed the point entirely - a Catholic nun's convent belongs to her religion, just as a Muslim's mosque belongs to their religion. No one is telling either group how to dress within their own religous establishments.
Jack, Read some American history. Particularly the 1920's and 1960's, democracy is made in the streets.
Remember since WW2 the US attacks only small weak countries. Well it did spar with the USSR during the cold war.
Exactly. Now, if the stupid 'base' would just wake up.
Since we've been hearing about adscam for over 20 years now then by your logic it's only fair that we keep talking about Duffy for 20 yearsIs that what you want??
Muslim Countries Refuse to Take A Single Syrian Refugee, Cite Risk of Exposure to Terrorismhttp://www.breitbart.com/london/2015/09/05/gulf-states-refuse-to-take-a-single-syrian-refugee-say-doing-so-exposes-them-to-risk-of-terrorism/
I agree that it should be impossible for a pilot to lock himself into the cockpit from the inside. However, was this not made law after 9/11? How would we get around those anti-terrorism/hijacking regulations?
Steven... I'll tell you what is wrong with it as you've asked. Who exactly is the entity that is going to ' give ' everyone a carbon allocation... there is no world government and no world dictator...
Semantic over substance, bigotry over logical reasoning. Thanks for being my syntax checker, even so you're wrong. Straightjacket or straitjacket? which one is more commonly used? A trivia to make wise the simple.
Good article, it's been a while but I will visit more often methinks.
Yeah, look at the huge rainy day savings that Quebec and Ontario have because of their tax regimes.
indeed........ it is well documented that just before one succumbs to hypoxia / hypothermia a sensation of calmness and warmth overtakes the dying individual
Simpson, the apologist for Iran, is very 'upset' about executions in Saudi Arabia, but conveniently ignores public hangings in Iran. That's OK and not a big deal for him. Simpson, of NDP origins, is his usual absurd and silly self.
I thought about that too, and thought it odd that every opinion writer in the country writing about this seems to have home delivery. I bet none of them fish or hunt either.
I agree 100%. No accommodation. Ever.
You mean it was like the Christmas log shown annually on Shaw cable.
Funny enough Kevka, it has been argued for quite some time that affirmative action actually benefits "white people".
because classical music sucks and only a few would even care to listen never mind watch
It's those "little....bit(s)" that are so hard to achieve when there's no morality in the entity called "nature."
Rand Paul is a leftie in a rightie suit.
@CCE ? No, in fact it was the liberalization of abortion laws.
Cant wait to see you and the Tories all go down in the election and all burst into flames. You wont be welcome in Ottawa. Trudeau and co. going to run you out of town....
Asking the rest of Ontario to pay for a transit system we rarely, if ever use, while at the same time Toronto property taxes are lower that many towns and cities in the province, was just not going to fly.
Start from scratch and don't ever look back. Faster, likely cheaper, and allows way more options.
All very democratic and thereby legal ! The MAFIA looks good by comparison - they can be jailed ...
you dirty internationalist hyenas just dont understand
Post Traumatic Slave Syndrome is a book published around 2005. In my mind, it still does not provide substantiation for rioting, burning and criminal activities. And if this gets deleted, then the G&M censor must be very biased.
Read: Repugnant
What is the G&M's motive behind displaying 10 comments at a time? To inflate number of hits and extract more money from advertisers.
Her 'leftist' platform ?
Why should they write about the persecution of Jews or Christians in an article about a specific incident in Saudi Arabia?
ha rooster; too funny. do you think your wife may have an interest in you humping some dirt bag in a hotel for money?
Why are Clinton surrogates campaigning in Canada? Globe do some real reporting for once.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Total_fertility_rate
So why can't they give us some basic newscasts that meet the country's needs?
Aren't they coming for our generous welfare benefits?
You do not rep Canada at all.But your delusion is no surprise. Go walk a dog or something
Not so much, montrealstewart, the US is doing much better than the rest of the world in spite of the current political polarization. Neither Bush nor Clinton will be as poor at bipartisanship as the current President.
Test the prototype before it flies Fred.
[No 'Canada firsters' (to go back a century) in the crowd? We'll see.]Try a quarter century. It was termed the NEP. en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Energy_ProgramAlberta went ballistic. Hey....
Cept he didn't kick the BIGGEST union in the city. The cops.
.Is this columnist capable of authoring anything that doesn't sound like a childish whine?
Let's be perfectly clear, PP is just a mouthpiece for Hairper, nothing this Government does or says is of free thought. All is the Fascist Agenda of Hairper.
Silly editorial. Why jump through such ludicrous hoops for such a worthless outcome? Abolish.
It won't happen, but if Ambrose were to repudiate mistakes like this then it would go some way to helping the cpc's reputation.
If the shoe were on the other foot and the Liberal lead had apparently slipped, you can be sure Mason would be quick to bring up that point.
In 2016 it is time that the provincial positions be eliminated. Mr Johnston could make that case.
And that will get them somewhere? The left is playing defense, which is an awkward place to be when things aren't going well. But populist libertarianism is all about enriching the rich, and fooling the rest of us into accepting it as 'natural'.
So Weird, how are the socialist provinces doing in the east??? Oyea, high debt, massive spending and tax increases.
Ask around central and eastern Europe... see who likes Putin
This piece has exceeded my daily dose of ridiculousness.
Ok Jason, lol.
Soon to be thrice more.
Buzz off, Greg.
well well, Mr Harper, how are you doing otherwise today?
On the UN issues, whoa to anyone who challenges Harper on what he sees as his principled decisions (even is 6 out of 6 allies see the opposite position as principled) which in his mind is every decision he makes.
Nathan Cullen all the way!
classy monicker
Can you own and sell culture?
One at a time, Roger.
Of course it gynocentric to think that a silent protest would actually accomplish anything in the real world. Canada is like the Mayan's just being taken over by any other culture; too busy looking for corn to notice.
Inclusive of all contributing factors - such as population stress.
My suggestion is to combine the police, fire and ambulance services. Personnel would be trained in and have to deliver all 3 services.
I'd be arrested for saying as much in Turkey...
[high earners resort more to tax avoidance ? by . . . getting paid in stock options]Why are stock options not considered the same as other income? Because only top-level corporate executives get paid that way?
BS.I am very happy for success of true First Nations leaders like Clarence Louie. Wish every one is like him. However, 'success' of chiefs who are stealing money from their own people (like Spence) is not something one should admire.
Really C. Parsons, do you have anything that vaguely resembles thoughtful insight or even a glimmer of intelligence to the discussion?
And who would decide their merit? All those 'super teachers' who go into admin. or all those 'favourites' at the board office or ministry?
The last refugee for a scoundrel, and here I am referring to the prosecution, is bureaucracy.
No chance. She needs the votes from groups thatare paying (teacher's union, etc.)for access to haveany hope of being re-elected. Even with them shecould be toast. For the good of all Ontario... lets hope!
Good story line, I love it. Al Jazeera has a nice article about Croatia. It's called 'Welcoming Croatia shunned by refugees'. It's how refugees refuse to live in a whole whack of EU countries. It's GERMANY.....
appointed Arthur Porter to Chair the Security Intelligence Review Committeeappointed Sentors Duffy, Wallin and Brazeauappointed Poiliviere, Calandra and del Mastroisn't that enough on its own?
And the ADHD diagnosis is supported with great enthusiasm by the psychobabblers and pill pushers. Just follow the money ...
The root cause is the United State's thirst for oil, not Islam. You have a lot of reading to do, to catch up.
That comment has been plastered on these forums often enough that only a stupid person would post it again.
Truly dumb. THese people have no hope yet aren't interested in coming to this frozen wasteland was the point.
No one dare put their name behind this one... I'd be guess one of their journalists of German descent. Don't think its Saunders or Ibitson as some have suggested. Maybe Wadie or Wente, hard to say.
The author is whiny, to be sure. I have not noticed the Glove hurling insults air anyone. Perhaps any of you three could provide some evidence.
If they can prove their fictitious gods are real then we can talk about rights. Giving rights to these religious cults is insanity.
If one is a Con, why yes, one would honk. Loudly, repeatedly and in as coarse a manner as possible.
Can you provide an example of an economy that is not "rigged" against low income people and that has no racism?
Oh and the next US president, from either party, will approve Keystone. This one doesn't like to annoy the Sierra Club. Keystone is about the Tar Sands. It has nothing to do with the merits of a pipeline.
Canadians can be sneaky--don't like success of others, can be easily threatened.
Are you sure is not Harper's fault.? Most of the commenters here believe in the conspiracy theory of Harper's conservative.
I thought Canada had dropped substantially on corruption indices, and deservedly so.
....as Sgt. Andrew Doiron sadly found out.
Gizella's post is excellent.
@4thoughtIs your first name 'Malice a'?
pmanYet another poster using insults meaning no argument to present.
Already been studied, and concluded. It's their own men doing it.http://www.rcmp-grc.gc.ca/pubs/mmaw-faapd-eng.htm
Good insight and well said.
Just where in the Globe have you witnessed "much about this" racism ? Particularly the GOP's increasing use of the president's colour to win friends and influence people, Rt ? Where's the Washington correspondent of past years ? Back home, right ?
What drivel!
The Globe promotes ghettoization.
'first nations' have always received the royalties from resources on their reserves.
She knew it was out of place and that it wouldn't go anywhere good AND that flipping the script was inappropriate but did it anyway and wants an apology for the guy lashing out at what probably felt like an ambush... ...nope...
'Second, as a major Quebec businessman, he embodied financial success and economic credibility.'Which rested almost entirely on the Canadian government giving him a monopoly in the cable business.
Everybody? With that flimsy underpinning, your thesis is as solid as Justin's policy platform. Solid, dude! Schwveeuuuffft!
How many articles did the Globe beat up on Spence with? There were so many I lost count.
Thanks for that. Sickening stuff.
Kimmel cares more about Toronto and Ford than Ford does.
In the 50's jobs were aplenty. Just finish high school back then and you had 3 offers from companies.
And sixties. Remember, the Summer of Love was 46 years ago. A twenty year old then is 66 now.
Idiot and moron, very intelligent response. And by the way, the largest producer of carbon emissions is China.
Read one again in a couple of years and see if there is a pattern.
Ontario is running the largest sub-sovereign debt in the entire world. Increasing taxes has certainly helped them hasn't it.
There's a huge difference between debating 17 Republicans (90% of them not fit for public service) to win the leadership Primary and taking on Hillary Clinton. I liken Trump to the Republican's new Sarah Palin with an orange face...
Can't afford daycare... don't have children or have one parent stay home... rather than sucking off the public teat! Entitled to their entitlements... really sad!
A phobia is an anxiety disorder characterized by persistent and un-natural fear. If a bear is trying to open your cottage door at 2 a.m. and you are afraid, that is not a phobia.
'The United States has always been a reluctant superpower.' - TrickyLaugh of the day. Thanks!
Wrong story dude. This is about Conservative Fascism.
reality sucks sometimes... SOme folks want to work.....some folks don't....The folks that don't want to work... can't expect to live a comfortable life .......grasshopper and the ant...
....or national security? Man, what a dumb comment.
He has a very effective control over the media in Russia.
Yes that can be true. Your comment reminds me of the person who finally says to the family,'there is nothing on the Net' so I can now talk to you!
A lot of blacks support Trump. They see the fools of the BLM riots and fear for their future too.
finally, someone who seems to get it
Exactly! Very good observation.
Hey, watch it with the knock against chimps!
Funny, Don - when I say it, my post gets moderated out of existence. What does it say about The Globe that they feel they have to moderate every column this woman writes?
Huh? Six thumbs up for a post claiming that the university campus down the road from the arts distirct is 'monster truck central'?
So, the Solution is to create (and pay for) yet another body to make recommendations for the appointment of political hacks to oversee the actions of politicians? Keep working at it.
Not sure if you're willfully blind to your attitude, or if you really don't know what condescension means.
Grampa... so, refute, logically.
The vast majority of voters who are indifferent to homosexuality vote according to their pocket books... one candidate is for limiting access to the gravy laden public trough... the others are for filling the trough and diving in.
Trudeau, s surrounding himself with the brain trust that have brought the Ontario economy to its knees and doubled its debt, try selling that on a campaign trail.
LOL!!! ROTFLOL!
Excellent post, friend. Those living in the echo chamber often have the problem that our friend rcalon experiences. touche!
Amen Kit-Kat...otherwise, these people are not pro-LIFE, they are pro-BIRTH
More liberal party propaganda from the Globe
open your eyes.
...rarely speaks to the press... why, do you think?...suppressing the national news media... nonsense...fear mongering ... says who?...abuse of power... by what measure?...omnibus bills are here to stay [no matter what martin thinks of them]
Read The Spirit Level. Shook this Libertarian to the root(s). Good info at Google/wiki
Closet/alcove - does it matter much where your colleagues shove you ?
Harper has yet to win an election without cheating.
The Globe's virtue-signalling, and snivelling appeasement of the far Left is staggering. They wear their bias like a crown. Is no one at the Globe ashamed by what it's turned into?
Michelle, but when Harper had a majority with virtually the same level of support, it was illegit? But with Turdeau, it is Ok? Why do you progs have such a different standard for the CPC than the other parties?
pierre polivier has got to have one of the most punchable faces in the history of canada. of course the cons dont want electoral reform. this broken system is the only reason they won any election in the first place.
'Check ignition ....and may God's love be with you
The Liberals are a market-based economy party. The NDP are a social democratic party. Although they may often have similar policy positions, their fundamental underlying beliefs are quite different.
By opposing Putin, we're actually strengthening our sovereignty. By caving in to Putin, we're actually reducing our sovereignty...
Why would we assume that they are all expats? It's just as likely that they are Canadians of convenience - people who acquired Canadian citizenship as insurance. E.g. 500, 000 Hong Kongers.
Hey, remember the cop who was 'rescued' from the GO Train last month? www.youtube.com/watch?v=QzUkHT2hD14He was put back on 'patrol' as his punishment.. maybe he was the shooter??
If someone is plans to commit suicide they can accomplish their objective by alternate means than a gun if it is not available. Sadly, withdrawing guns will not stop the suicides.
Or the more reasonable opposition might take over and open the oil fields to private companies that will then rush in and further aggravate the present oil glut.
You so beautifully said what I have been feeling and could not put into words. Thank you.
@ Soundoff -- No it does not! Canada has one of the lowest CO2 emissions in the world. And Canada reduced it's emissions by 13% from 2006 to 2011.
I have a hunch the author's definition of 'social consensus' is no pipeline to the coasts under any circumstances, ever, with a capital PERIOD.
Tyranny in Canada now? Relax. The end of the world is 'not' near. Tyranny in Canada? Only once. October, 1970. Saint Pierre Trudeau's government.
scottd? beauty quote!!
What hyperbole.
That would give new meaning to Mounted Nannies.
An inquiry can only be two things. A soapbox to stand on to demonize the Western Civilization that put smartphones in the pocket of the potential demonizers, and a Dodge Ram truck in their driveways. And a giant future funding leverage tool.
tsk tsk, Rochdale. You said the H word and didn't make an obvious insult... thumbs down for you!!!!! (kidding, not from me. You're right and the idiot masses HATE to be reminded that Trudeau is no different than Harper)
Providing for the needs of our military has been a political football for a very long time. Military equipment purchases should be serious business decisions - not political games!!!
because so many comments are just disgusting & made at a lower level than Mr. Brazeaus actions.
Maybe you should ask the g&m? - we're just posters.
Thank you Mr. Simpson. But The Globe will probably endorse these and the growing list of other actions which should be completely unacceptable. Sadly, readers of The Globe have learned to be just as cynical.
Didn't you vote for him???
Well one more would be alive if he couldn't spear it.
Yes, don't we all know that. But that no more makes one an economist than having a degree in Philosophy or Psychology makes one a Philosopher or Psychologist. Harper has never worked in the area of economics... not for a single day.
I agree, 'even if the Tories lose', democracy wins. Let the 15% pay their taxes.
Higher minimum wages good for economy: Austrailia higest along with many European Countries. http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/british-columbia/minimum-wage-increases-are-supercharging-economy-says-u-s-multimillionaire-1.3124917
Negotiations will be tough and the UK only has 2 years so time is not on their side. I do think that 95% of what I read is over-simplified (my angst at this article) and that this story is only just starting.
He's stacking that deck too...
union membership should not be a requirement of employment (especially in the public sector union membership should be optional) and they should have to collect their dues on their own.
There can be no doubt that the only purpose of this program is create more unionized teacher jobs.
Really, have you read that Senators Bill, it is full of draconian measures that won't do a damn thing but help criminal
He is not an imbecile. That kind of comment does nothing to advance the level of discussion here.
No, it did not. Provide a credible link.
Who appointed the Commissioner and the Commissioner before him? The RCMP were politically controlled by the Harper government (TM).
The real world runs on oil and gas. You may wish it didn't, and it may at some point in the future be different, but right now that's the way it is.
Weak, so very weak. No, really, it's like you're becoming a parody of a Conservative apologist. The first step towards self-improvement is acknowledging one's deficiencies.
No it isn't. So-called liberals have time and understanding for everything... except people who don't think exactly like they do.
There's a difference. Canada is screening its refugees. I doubt if the same can be said for the refugees arriving in Europe. I am sure Canada is doing it right.
For god's sake, WPL, Simpson came to Canada when he was 10. I think we can call him a Canadian. He just wrote a column praising Thomas D'Arcy McGee ? what else do you want from the man?
It's baffling that anyone could thumb down this comment.
I hope you didn't reproduce.
' ... tenacity to find it for themselves ...' and is that not what a true university education is all about ??!If you need to be spoon fed you are merely a sheeple with a B.A. ....
Sure it does. Ezra declared that he is not a reporter, nor a journalist. I likely wouldn't allowed in the press room either, but can read about it in the media later, just like everyone else.
That damnable auto corrector ,it switched ks with is.
Yes, just like Sweden and Norway. Nice to be so sure of yourself.
If Canadians living outside of Canada pay taxes in Canada then they should be allowed to vote in the 2015 federal electionIf they make no contribution to Canada then why should they be allowed to voteMoore, Garry R - Solutions Inc
You are a liar
I agree, in fact if smaller cities throughout Canada play their cards right, they have everything to gain. Attract young talented people and build great communities that are sustainable.
...and soon up the afterburner.
In other words, it would be more or less indicative of voter preferences. Isn't that what we all want?
it was called colonization and 'empire' building - where the effects of these practices still rattle through much of the world from European tribalism and meddling
If you believe that you elect your senators, you are living in a dream world.
If the PC's of Alberta can accomplish that, together with an apparently rational response to growing civil service inequities, they will have no trouble with challenges from the wild rose element in future. Peter Lougheed will rest pleased.
do you get all your talking points from myCampaign. ca >??
You live in Redmonton? That explains it.
Bloomberg's has stated he is running because he's 'concerned' about the rise of Trump and Sanders. In other words - non-establishment candidates. Maybe what he's really afraid of is not having the next US president in his back pocket.
A sensible view that is totally rejected by the Catholic school boards.
myth of harper ecomomics: http://m.theglobeandmail.com/news/politics/lawrence-martin/the-myth-of-tory-economic-performance/article2328652/?service=mobile
Gobbledeegook, and this from an economics professor
Putting this way-too-far-to-the-right fanatic in charge of 'democratic reform' is something like putting Al Capone in charge of law and order.
If we are labelled 'deniers,' is it fair to call you 'lemmings?'
Nobody would believe that Ontario is committing such horrific deeds in our name. We thought only the bad bad Americans did that to the prisoners from the Afghanistan war. We should all hang our head in shame.
I found the woman who insisted on covering her face during a citizenship ceremony to be aggressive, self-centred and arrogant. She came to Canada. She should show respect for Canadian customs.
And we have unions and labour laws exactly because some business folk seem to think they own the workers and can do anything they want with them as well.
Why does the Globe bother to publish this pre-baked nonsense? Hillary looked tired, sounded insincere and delivered some pretty childish responses. Trump was scattered and allowed himself to get off track. Not much of debate at all.
It is called team work. They did have direction.
?I hated the fact that young people were getting their news through that filter of sophomoric snark.?'As opposed to the filter of corporate greed I suppose.
Oh look a sheep on a computer! You're the shame of your country. FYI
And, well... goody for you!
To which you are full of.
'was a common phenomenon during the high dollar days'Also common in the low dollar days before the high dollar days.
you spoiled students have no idea what it's like to pay taxes, go back to your classrooms so you dont stay this stupid for life
Distorting a message as you do shows your immaturity. See a shrink!
Well at least you don't hear 'the only thing that can stop a bad guy with fertilizer is a good guy with fertilizer.'
Seriously, NTA --- is that the best you've got? These are the politics boards. You can a) ask the editors to take my comments down
The illustration of little Freddy decorating the linencloth is brilliant!
Do the math. Governments in the developed world would have a significant problem replacing the trillions they gain from oil and gas exploration, production and sales. Renewables pay almost nothing to governments.
Funny how one can conclude that higher taxes will lead to a higher standard of living. When people start believing that, the end is near.
Trump is probably going to win ... get ready. It's going to be him or Ted Cruz, (a Calgary boy!) Hillary for Prison 2016 (popular bumper sticker)
Sounds like your head is buried in the Tar Sands, I'm guessing that's why you've ignore the vast scientific consensus that we can't build more pipelines if we hope to be anywhere close to achieving the commitments Canada made in Paris.
Gee, you know, when somebody does something illegal, most members of civil society will seek to stop the illegal behaviour. Creating new laws to restrict unrelated rights is something usually reserved for barbarians.
Tell that to JT's Auntie Kathleen...
Fire? How about arrest for torture?
So why don't they?
If we had done nothing like invasion but instead establish UN sanctions and appropriate domestic security alertness, everyone would be farther ahead.
Well, they did have a watery tart throw a sword at them....
Exactly, and that the granting bodies now have an average acceptance of around 15%, meaning you have to apply for 5 or 6 grants every year just to get funded, when 20 years ago you were pretty much guaranteed to be funded off a single application.
Another 'Liberal in Wonderland' opinion. The great thing about the few remaining supporters of what was once Canada's 'governing' party is that they hold on to their pipedreams as though they were reality.
What is the Globe's point in this growing series of weirdly elliptical stories? The Liberals said they would go through with Harper's deal and now they are. Do the Globe and the tory shills want them to cancel it?
You do need to get out more !
Remind you of Harper?
That's Richard
Those filthy doctors! Learning things! Your dad should sue. Why didn't they know everything they needed to know all along!?
Cynicism about politicians? Al Gore and our Un-elected Liberal Lesbian, standing tall together celebrating the 'Green Scam' ? LOL!!!!!
more hysteria from the People Not Planes gang.
Placing armies any where you choose in your own territory is not starting a war. Bombing someone's country by surprise is starting war.
Justin Trudeau entitled? Think again.
If the Liberals and NDP get their act together and vote strategically in a few ridings we can consign the Harperites to the garbage dump of history where they belong! Nothing is more important for the future of Canada!!
I don't understand what point you are trying to make. Science is a fundamentally liberal pursuit.
Trump as President. Republican Senate and House. A large majority of Republican governors. A soon to be Republican Supreme Court. Americans are about to get the government they want. At least now there will be no more excuses.
Godwin'sa Law.
How about he just leads?
Wow! Salary cuts, unemployment and now it will cost more to heat homes and keep lights on. How do you pay more for basic livining cost such as hot water and electricity with much less or or no pay?
Exactly - the McMinister knew the details and by extension Ball did as well. BTW Mr. Martin was doing what he was mandated to do - the Muskrat Falls project is a good project for the province however you do require a long term perspective.
What's the old saying, 'people get the government they deserve' ? And so it is.
and again I will ask, would it be to much to see a news article or study on gender issues and topics written from a males perspective?
If you're popular, it means that you're very wise and virtuous. That was certainly the case in my high school.
Um, doesn't Donald have 'Big Hair'?
Bravo! Well put. Thanks for the clarity and simplicity in assessing this issue.
You're missing the point. Taxpayers have to match employee contributions. Obviously employee contributions increased. The matching resulted in a tripling of the cost to the taxpayer. And it continues to increase exponentially.
You're totally ignoring the elephant in the room... population growth is occurring in the third world. What do you want done about it?Genocide?Forced sterilization?
Our taxes should not be used to treat people who refuse to be vaccinated. The willfully ignorant should be denied care.
I think he means 'tough' decisions like cuts ... to someone else's job, someone else's health care, someone else's pension, etc.
I try to forget Garry but that requires rather more than a cup of coffee. I understand that the Mayor of Toronto prefers a delicate cocktail of Red Bull and jaeger meister as a memory eraser.
yes in fact he can, and if Quebec wants to leave, let them go, if the option is Alberta leaving or Quebec leaving I say salut and don't let the door hit you on the butt Quebec
They have - try a google search or take a look at liberal. ca and input a search!!!
More logical comment than the author of the article. Well said.
Inconclusive the incidents happened and the pictures he showed CBC were not necessarily disturbing, they just were not inline with what the CBC was looking for.
Passer - if they have commitment they will become citizens. Simple. You show commitment by becoming a citizen.
All the evidence shows that greenhouse gases are raising the Earth's temperatures and the vast majority of those gases are being produced by human activity. Try again.
So long as they take care to acknowledge the connections and pre-commitments of all their other commentators... or do you only want labels on the people you disagree with?
Balance the books is a good way to avoid bankruptcy. Your buddy Trudeau will figure this out eventually.
When you have a pm who despises parliamentary democracy, and whose reputation as a good fiscal manager is utterly false, you're bound to wind up with problems. It's going to take a long time to clean up the Harper gang's mess.
Get Lost unpleasant Miller, the adults are talking
Like I see and smell every day in Allen Gardens.
Keep these ideas coming, but how do you stand on NO jets and expansion?
Constantly moving to different places for work (because more than a one-time move is what these CONs promote and expect) doesn't exactly jibe with the 'family values' that CONs love to bleat on and on about.
Then the one thing that we can take credit for is the lack of Atlantic hurricanes. Please incorporate that into your outlook.
FYI, it's Ms and too bad for you.
It was the IESO, HydroOne that were the problem with the Green Energy act.
They get to burn off energy 2-3 times a day with two recesses and a lunch.
Agree, though Harper's pathological hatred for all manner and sort of people goes back much further than that. He should be on a psychiatrist's couch, not in the PMO.
... thanks, Dad.-- Elizabeth
I sent Harper an email asking to be added to his enemy list and explaining in detail why. I suggest everyone do the same.
Whole country has lost its grip on reality! Pathetic fear mongering, police state, and racist regime for well over a decade!
The Obama administration is an enemy to Canada, its pretty obvious.
Thanks for the money, Alberta. You're not as right wing as you pretend to be
Aren't most of those made in China?
LOL, do you really think that soldiers don't shoot in self-defense?
I'll take my chances. Trumps a tool.
>>Where did the 10 come from? Assumed ?? represents a two digit number, reminded me of the Liberal math someone posted before: 1+1=11
You're advocating 'mob rule'.
Well said. Miss Wente writes very glibly about something she clearly has done no research on at all.
80% support the bill including JUSTINHarper is popular says the headlineyet you say ' and Harper will pay for it in the next election. 'I sayha ha ha
just have them march to the end of the flat earth... and leap !!
What difference does it make? You'll only be happy with the editorials with which you agree.
Maybe she was choking on her own words?
The Prime Minister has never embarrassed Canada on the international stage [e.g. where statesmen operate]
SirJohn - Please provide some form of proof for your claim.
'Big Carbon' Corp put an end to the CANDU back in the 70s. Humans can be so gullible.
Scientific disciplines require more intelligence to master than the so called humanities.
Robin H & independentlypoor: you're both right.
Yes, spending even more money is the better solution. Ya ok.
to world netizen is there something wrong with Conservative views guess who governs this country because of its better immigration policies does Jason Kenney mean anything to you?
It wasn't to save anyone. It was about assimilation based on a Social Darwinist way of thinking.
And then there's the big picture impact that includes economic policy, international trade, class, status, privilege etc. But that's fairly obvious to everyone.
This issue seems more like a proxy for people justifying the way the voted, for or against Trudeau. It's a lot easer to understand than COP21 or GHG or TFSA or....
Well now we know what the PMO talking point is.
You still have choice Retiree. Your posts are getting tiring...
Read Dark Money for sure . It is more than an eye opener. It pertains to who and what controls what. 'Simple truth miscalled simplicity'
First thing Americans did after the civil war that "freed" the slaves was institute Jim Crow. Then they genocided the American Indians. Then they invaded and occupied Cuba and the Philippines.
I am amazed that so few comments here relate to Trudeau's ability to understand foreign policy. With respect, that will continue to be a major shortcoming for him and Canada. The world is on the move and little Justin is caught flat-footed.
Pretty rich coming from somebody whose government signed Canada onto the Kyoto accord but had absolutely no intention of doing anything about it.
What about transgendered males who identify as female, at least half of the time? What about effeminate males? This policy needs to be rethought.
glad you provided the grey background... lawyers see grey as black one day and as white the next day .
Mrs Gagnon never used the word ?madness? in her article in La Presse. Shame on the G&M!
Wow, if you're the best the Cons have to offer on Trudeau, the Cons must be really desperate. So good news all around - keep up the good work!
indeed. parents have constantly been willing to die, if they belive it will mean an improvement in the world their child will grow up in. if this woman and her husband had died doing something society saw as worthy, we'd consider them noble.
There should have been a trigger warning on this article. I don't feel the globe is a safe space for me and therefore should be shut down.
blah, blah, blah.....you figure a way, Jeffrey, to get the Chinese and Indians to shut down their economies and then get back to me with the lectures and arrogance.
Question: what becomes of the revenue from the tax? Does it just go in the BC government's till, or is it earmarked for a specific purpose?
You're right.
https://positivemoney.org/faqs/will-cause-hyperinflation/
Excellent points! Thanks.
Jeez, does no one recognize satire anymore? Keep it up, CFL!
One sees the point of your screen name.
I told you what would stop them. "Criticize any such egregious government' Vote them out. Tell their representatives why when they come door to door.
@Glenn Fiddich .. seriously, dude, read more.
66? You are young. Keep it up
Are you sure your name isn't Onslow? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Onslow_kua.jpg
Yes we are. Alas. Why don't people think before they vote??
No, tobacco is poison, marijauna is not.
'This province absolutely cannot risk another 4 years of NDP rule.'------Uh, when was the previous '4 years of NDP rule' in Alberta? How did I miss that? Did you cut those Modern Canadian History classes?
Oopps! You mustn't mention the most common abuser of Canadian passports. Stephen Harper considers Bibi's Israel and Canada BFFs.
You never watched it.
Leftist canadians don't want American style educationLeftist canadians don't want American style health careyet they want American style gun laws Obama style
Word: Copenhagen.
You haven't been to china recently have you Rick Taves1? Ignorance is bliss.
Sounds like a form of slavery to me, only the pay is better.
As a native born Ontarian I agree 100% - No tar sand pipelines in Ontario. I would sooner 'freeze in the dark'
Canadians despise serial bullies who steal elections
I was referring to sitting elected public officials and I could care less what political stripe they are. It is an abuse of office.
And what is credibility? If one supports the liberals? See in a democracy, you should be able to bear a different opinion or political view. Especially if you call yourself a liberal.
They are not speaking for Canada.
His hair colour is the same as Paul McCartney who is also around his age too.
C'mon, Jimbo, Let's not confuse rhetoric with facts. Canada's combined Provincial + Federal Debt to GDP ratio is at 53.5% (according to Kevin Page, last September). Greece is around 180%. Crucial to get under wraps, but hyperbole helps no one. C.
Perhaps it has something to do with Firefox? I have the same trouble with Firefox on certain computers. Nobody has been able to help me diagnose it so far. Try a different browser.
You don't expect logic to move the troops hereabouts, surely ?
Yes, my sentiments exactly. Just tell me the time don't tell me how to build a clock.
how do you know criminals don't pay tax?
'Sex-Ed should be focused procreation'.....why, when most of the time when sex occurs it is for pleasure and not pro-creation.'life style choices'.....what does that mean to you, exactly?
And how many of these doctors return to Canada?
You say 'undermine' but someone else (also holding a Canadian passport, equally a Canadian citizen) would argue that the vision of the conservatives is just as Canadian as your Liberal alternative.
HAHAHAHAAHAA - written by Conrad Black and you expect anyone to take that as a more balanced and principled perspective?
Yikes, dude! AM I reading your post correctly? Are you nuts?
Jihadists? Hamas in Gaza ?Hezbollah?
Knowledge is power. Less knowledge for the public means more power for the government and the elites. The powerful become more powerful, the powerless become more powerless. That's the way the powerful want it.
thank you, well said.
Concerned312... why should he have to do that anymore than you should have to.
' It used over-the-top attack ads to persuade voters that Mr. Harper?s Conservatives were fanatics who would destroy Canada.'Turns out those Liberal ads were exactly correct.
our very own drama queen is going to have to get smart real quick to deal with a real adult.
THANK YOU MS. WENTE Hopefully couples will research the concerns expressed here thoroughly as they consider a late pregnancy as a result of reading your article.
The title of this article should read:' Why the Conservative party is in fact out of touch with Canada'
Millions are starving even with fossil fuels... what's your point?
'advertorial for the Conservatives'?? Did you read--I mean, really read--the headline about bridge and wedge? Boy, with friends like Ms. Wente, the PM doesn't need enemies.
Layla4 4 minutes agoTrudeau ended his career over nothing.-------------...HAHAHA,kind of early to be drinking eh,to which 'Wishful thinking is no longer a winning strategy' Cons... 2019 equals a much larger Liberal majority federally!...
well, you just did
Really, that's what Stephen Harper has in the Conservative Party: a lot of people who aren't comfortable challenging him - not because they admire his leadership but because they're afraid of him.
$40 per hour at Tim Hortons?
I can't believe dimwits have never heard of 'el Nino' and its effect on northern hemisphere winters...
He came, he Wented, he wrote a clunker.
Just out of curiosity, is it playing the race card anytime racism is suggested? If so, are you saying there is no racism? If not could you explain when the race card can be played?
It's not their fault they had a blonde moment.
Yet is seems the majority in eastern Ukraine would disagree with you.
The article is back up again. Get your comments in now while you can.
All we have is one vote: make it count by voting for the candidate most likely to defeat the Conservative in your riding. http://www.leadnow.ca/
And your point, exactly, is what?
Inane comment. There is no evidence whatsoever that Loubani and Greyson support Hamas and/or Sharia law. There is overwhelming evidence, however, that they support basic human rights for Palestinians who live in the Gaza Strip. Ged educated.
The authors have lost their minds. Trump is going to lose monumentally even if it's against hideous Hillary.
Oh M.G. the Loony Lefties even bring Harper into this. Heaven help us if these nasty mindede loons ever get in power
Not with his attendance record.
Not sure that is the case. It may be acceptable to build military equipment to be used in the unlikely event that you are actually under attack on home soil. That doesn't mean that it is responsible to sell them to others.
As a 71 year old, I hear you. Good luck in reversing the damage my generation has done.
Yes he needs to be re-educated, make a tearful and genuine confession and then punished. Right? Seems Ive heard of those methods somewhere else...
He's the third this week.
A sports scandal! What better way for an editor to lay on the fire and brimstone without consequence? It's so much safer than discussing, for example, Israel's historic comeuppance at the United Nations.
The Owetario Lieberal party = bribery
The suffix 'Jr.' Should only be used when the son has the same first name as the father. Ironically, with your use of the word as an attempt to suggest he is a man of lesser competence you have demonstrated your own lack of competence.
so you want Libya still under Gaddafi ?what do the people of Libya say?
Agree 150%
If you have read other of Sauders' columns you will find this is consistent with his ideology
RE::He likely volunteered to be thrown under the bus this week to save the leaderI've been thinking the same thing. There is some reason he is in hiding.
Well, you could try to say something that made sense. Try real hard.
Alcohol kills far more people in Canada than guns. Let's ban all alcohol and guns and therefore that will eliminate suicides caused by these things. Simple solutions are the best. (But for the fact that they don't actually work.)
I know a family suffering from "Dental Fluorsis". Look it up.
This minisster is NO friend of the majority of taxpayers. Watchout please!
'Who said it was a poor decision?'Over 100 US lawmakers, including a former Republican attorney general and several Republican members of Congress, that's who.
Green Energy Act is the Great BOONDOGGLE in Canadian History......George Smitherman and the McWynnity Cabinet had to be seriously STONED when the bought into this DISASTER.... I feel sorry for all of you and your children...
well if its so innovative i am sure the private sector will be glad to invest, NO TAX money nneeded
Attitudes like yours are a threat to freedom as we have known it.
And Harper voted in favour of the gun registry before flip-flopping. Yet ScottyBlows doesn't think that was a fraud of course.
Mike Duffy must be from Quebec!
No. Just eliminate non essential travel. Common sense.
He's just trying to look cool to young Canadians. Hey look at me, I'm the leader of the Liberal party of Canada. I have a wife and kids and I like to smoke an illegal substance to get high as a kite.
That might be good advice for Rob Ford in a while, Majority Rules . . . especially if he can keep away from Bubba that way.
Progressives have become preoccupied with Social Justice issues, at the expense of bread and butter economic concerns.
excellent article. enjoy reading your columns.
So you are saying that votes in urban areas are worth less than votes in spread out areas, I thought voters were supposed to be equal.
We need a cohesive plan to get paid for our resources in cash in envelopes.
Good call Gordon. The Supreme Court is destroying our democracy.
The Tories worship at the oil alter, they have no plan B.
Fiddling? They have been lighting the matches!
What is your view on health care in the private sector? Every system that I know in the private sector works. Quite a contrast with social housing, health care and nursing homes....
Hey Mr. Bow: My parents were immigrants too. So????
To tick people like you off. And it's not stupid, nor sarcasm. It merely points out the end result of applying retroactive laws.
Whoa, you have lost your mind. What a meaningless diatribe unconnected to any kind of reality. Get help buddy.
I can understand the fire department wanting to discipline employees for public indiscretions but the punishment should fit the crime. Firing these characters for their boorish comments is way out of proportion. The courts are going to tell them so.
Hillary takes MANY days off. Does not campaign with the same intensity as trump. he is within his right to question her stamina.....regardless of her sex.
Another dear leader that is more concerned with holding onto power than doing what is right for his nation. Reminds me of Rob Ford.
That's right. Don't fight evil. Let some other Country do it Jean. You are a cultural icon!
He has said he would kill the extended families of terrorists (children and all). How does that sit with you assertion?
It's the best of all possible worlds doncha know
Higher taxes eventually hurt the poor. If higher taxes discourages investment, the labour market is adversely affected hurting the poor's ability to make a decent income.
how long, it took Canadians nearly ten years before they figured out robo-con harper
Chretien and Canada DID NOT stay out of the second Gulf War. That's just what your government wants you to believe.
No, he's living in your head. Rent-free!
Who decides what a 'real journalist' is?
I believe there was also a time when Ralph Klein threw the CBC out of the Legislature.
That's pretty broad brush you use to paint all religions, considering that constitutional democracy developed in the bosom of Christianity.
Canada deserves respect. Our PM does not.
Does that make singing the royal anthem, God Save the Queen, unconstitutional? What nonsense our supposed Supreme Court is spouting. Do they think they are gods?
'the logo has a staying / shelf life of maybe a couple of months'The original is remembered a half-century later.
'If Pierre's son, Justin, were to become Prime Minister we could expect the same problem.'Because?
Then I guess two mistakes were made: one when she perjured herself in making a false oath; and the second was when she was decorated, notwithstanding.
Thank you for dishing out blame where blame is due: The Mainstream Media. The only source of truth is the blogosphere.
Just the way Harper likes it.
young monkey
How desperate of the Globe to run a column by Tom Flanagan. When I saw the byline, I did not even bother to read the article. Sorry, life is too short. The Globe disgraces itself and insults its readership by carrying anything this creep says.
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=1072013302809871&set=a.960133837331152.1073741881.100000036354410&type=1&theaterIf Vaccines Don?t Cause Autism, WHY is it a side Effect Listed on the Package Insert with the FDA?
So, are its 'popular' believers now 200+ years old, perhaps, and have just 'missed the turn' into modernity?
from there to eternity in just over 20 years
Thiomersal was phased out more than a decade ago.
You're certainly confusing me. because the drugs I get from a pharmacy are literally keeping me alive.
That should read Charles Taylor...
Adults? Not to the state, the state knows better
"Them" and "us". Steve knows how to move his minions minds.
when did environics get a good brand name ?
Not as of today they are not. If council starts to raise taxes, his base will swell.
You want to send our obsolete fighters, and helicopters as well? Really!
Curbing anti Muslim bigotry? What about curbing anti-Western bigotry?
It's one of the slimiest countries on planet earth. More appealing as Communists than they have been for the last twenty years. Don't trust any Russians - unless you know them very, very, very well.
Who were your sponsors?
Maybe that is what they have parents for? There have been this things called RESPs for many years.
You sound like an idiot
Great column, thanks.
Looks like it stuck. Good on you. Wonder if mine will?
I enjoy them....sure beats the heck out of a Wente or Yakabuski column.
nana , work on that diction
Wow, Goodwin rolled in pretty quickly.
No, making someone who has little money pay the same rate as someone who has a lot, that's unfair.
PET was a cradle-snatcher too.
I think Canadians are just expressing an opinion.
Trudeau's an airhead and everyone knows it!
leftist university professors and high school teachers beware do not cross over to INDOCTRINATION as opposed to Teaching
At last someone trotting out facts instead of armchair prejudices.
I agree - voting for another Trudeau would be insanity.
So why are we bringing in cultures that will take women back before those gains then?
Robellus, with 85% of the currently available spectrum, is OK with small fry competitors it can bully and buy out. It's the prospect of real competition that has it in a fine lather.
I agree. What gives some people the right to declare that Trump must be 'stopped'. That kind of talk could lead some unbalanced person to take the matter into their own hands.
Thanks for the links.
I think it is happening to all democratic countries. Because they all want to be known in the media that they spend more time on talking than acting
Excellently said Lorna.
Trudeau is way over his head and everyone with half-a-brain can see that.
Ha! Sad, but true. I never said that he invented the logic--he's just the modern example. Amazing that the internet trolls now have their megaphone in the "real world" of american politics. :)
Many (most?) priests are gay. They exploit boys.
GVentner: You really don't have much time for democracy or the rule of law, do you?
Elitism:= anyone who sees Trump for what he is
Did the author just leave the child rearing to his wife? Or perhaps he hired a nanny or two who had to implement his 'no spanking' policy.
That's right Russian GLBT and supporters! Speak up and speak out! The world is with you and these Olympics are about shining a spotlight on Russia's Nazi pogroms against you!
Thank you G&M.
Doug Saunders never fails to make me want to throw up.(The Globe's low tech comment gigya choice is such a dream. Now I'm getting script error messages when it loads. New and improved...)
The post-truth posters didn't disagree with your post, FH. I there a hidden code word ?
Once again.....our game....our rules.
Very good point. Folks are forgetting their Poli Sci 101. I think war is the root of most evil. And conservatives, homophobes and religious crazies are responsible for more than their share of wars.
The oil tax cow was very small in comparison to what Norway did with their oil income. The Alberta cow is now dry and albertians have no one to blame except themselves for being so stupid and greedy. Tough times ahead. Jack Mintz is an idiot.
If someone walks out in the wrong spot and a driver is speeding, they are both at fault. This isn't rocket science.
Just curious, David - why is it that you think she's writing in the wrong newspaper? Granted, her twisted logic would be more at home over at Sun News, but I suspect you think she's somehow superior to this paper, when she is anything but.
Puts some Senators (namely the conservative ones) where they belong because the 3 liberal senators on the Committee that issue the report dissented.
It was the southern democrats that suppressed the black vote for over 100 years. Your understanding of history is lacking.
Guess what would make this poster happier, Buford.
Reagan Democrats are mostly dead or Republicans now.
Did Peter McKay have something to do with this new law?
'Toronto voters deserve better than the Ford brothers' mayoral musical chairs'The bottom line is: 'Not if they still vote for them, they don't!'
But it doesn't work. Only 10% actually become reasonably good at it by high school, and it degrades their performance in other subjects.
Sounds a lot more complicated especially since you could just look after your own kids and with so much less stress!
A woman on a piece of paper currency would be one of those hollow victories that distract from real issues. But if there must be one, Agnes Macphail, the first woman elected to the federal government.
After their huge cat fight over revenue sharing last year, Christie Clark must be smiling on her way to work every morning.
Opportunities like what? ? like being the President of the United States or the Attorney General or the Chief of Police or a talk-show host? What opportunities are unavailable for blacks?
Levae the man alone, go find some other rock to suck on
I can't figure out if this is a parody of Trump or a description of his views.
And to that list add Jean Chretien, Justin Trudeau, Thomas Mulcair, Gary Doer, Bob Rae, Michael Ignatieff, and Jack Layton.
Acadians whine and whine and whine
There is no better example of the backward thinking displayed by these Reform radicals. They let some weird philosophy dictate their actions and let common sense take a back seat to satisfying the carnal thoughts of their extreme base.
Good thing we have experience with Japan, then Korea
True. They would rather take Venzulas crappy oil. Oh, and the oil from California that is even crappier than our oil. But then it is their crappy oil, not our crappy oil.
There's no such thing as 'non-resident taxes': if you pay tax in Canada it is because you are a deemed resident and you can vote in Canada. If you pay tax to some other country that you are resident of, then you don't get to vote in Canada.
And a stabbing of a pregnant woman in Germany by a Syrian refugee.
It's difficult to know what to think since there is so much lying on both sides and in the media.
If we're going to praise former Ontario premiers, how about Bill Davis? He got it right, and doubtless didn't approve of the so-called Common Sense Revolution.
Yea, sure its all Trumps fault. He, however, has been calling it exactly what it really is the whole time.
I stand corrected... Chretien destroyed Canada.
This wonderful traditional First Nations world view is not really reflected in their lifestyle on reserves.
It's like the Liberals just made a payment to the mafia. Welcome to the Wynne-Trudeau Canada. What fools we are in this country :(
And what do you do about the dangers of that activity? You haven't made them safer, so what have you accomplished by legalization?
Will you eat this article, too?
Lefties never were good at tolerating others when they expose the truth. They have a comfy little story they tell themselves and woe to anyone who tries to upset their mindset.
?We are good to go from the PM.?Unequivocally, Harper was the guy pulling the strings. Only an idiot or extreme conservative partisan would claim otherwise. Likely they are the same thing.
Spoken like a true environmental hack.
well, the yawls certainly aren't ketches; but Alberta doesn't have a coastline, so they probably wouldn't be aware of the difference.
What you're saying is that the Conservatives want another opportunity to cheat in an election. They have repeatedly done so in the past. Why would they act differently this time? Trust them, it will be different this time?
And a boot smashing a human face, forever.
Progressive. If you know so little history, why comment to highlight your ignorance? Daschuk: Clearing the Plains. is a good start on your education.
must be one of those creeps and bums Think
You were on the Titanic?
Because it was a great place to be when posters like 'Harper is a fat fascist' (actual name) ruled??? My, are we not tolerant, and open minded...
They'll try to keep people from growing their own, but that is why we have courts.
I wish MW would look into things a little more deeply. Look at the political unrest in the U.S. Radical upheaval in Alberta and, soon, in Canada. Is there not something more fundamental going on here?
it is cronyism in CBC !!
Lousy, green has not failed yet, it was always a long term bet. One would hope the result would have been better to date, but it has not failed yet and I don't think it will.
yes, I thought so too but that's how the Trump talks and that's how people like him.
By Harper's logic, it should be mandatory anyway.
Wrong assumption nakedeye1. Chinese and Indian beat English by many millions. Now, keep on displaying arrogance. It works well for your class.
The lesson of Obama is not to invest extravagant hopes in any politician, and to be suspicious of politicians who encourage such extravagant hopes.
So it is all about root causes after all. Even the head of NATO says so. And sending in our big jets isn't going to be all that useful ....gee, where have we heard that before? Didn't someone recently get soundly trashed for that kind of thinking?
email your MP with a simple message : ' Vote for the Chong bill '
Since men were shamed for the offense of leaving the toilet seat up, I see this as an escalation of microaggression.
Depends upon where you live. In much of urban society, saying you are religious is a one way ticket to shunning.
Obama's rewriting history. Google and find out.
I don't support the PQ proposition, but Nazi comparisons are odious.
Return them to their families? Sometimes, you really don't think your posts through all the way.
Oh, Lord! Please stop citing Christianity to the exclusion of all other spiritual systems. There is so much in common with so mnay religions that it strikes me as exceptionally narrow-minded to attribute virtue exclusively to any one of them.
toPROSCENIUMEMPHASISMandlebrot says'That's why less than 5% of the people watch it'over to 'proscenium ' for rebuttalno rebuttal means you concede the point
I would be happy to have my mail delivered the day before my green bin pickup, once a week. I am happy with the community mail box which is a walk away. I now pay all my bills electronically from the bank.
Please enlighten us on Mr. Trudeau's pro-Muslim agenda. You claim to know quite a lot about it.
These comments show that you must be ailed by Harper Derangement Syndrome to rad the G&M.
Yep. Just imagine the outrage if a school tried to implement extra-judicial policies along religious lines.
I know lots of Muslims who are salt of the earth types.
In a country where open-carry firearm laws are the norm, it's not a surprise to hear that the police behave so erratically. I'd be scared if I were an officer, too.
France invading Syria, to 'solve' the threat of terrorism would be like the UK invading the Republic of Ireland to quell the IRA.
Yes, his assets pulled there by gravitas, no doubt.
All of drug addiction (not just fentanyl) is a public health issue. Properly treated as such, the collateral health costs and criminal activity (dealing, thievery, etc.) would plummet.
East Germans ? You must mean Volksdeutsche.
Excellent point - and indisputable. Want to reduce GHG's? Reduce (or level off) the number of people who live here. This would apply especially to taking fewer third world immigrants, who create vastly fewer GHG's in their own countries.
And were are the Liberals going to make up the lost billions in oil revenues? Harper saw the oil industry as the goose that laid the golden eggs. The liberals are quite prepared the kill the goose.
no war on 'blacks'..interesting phrasing. You might want to use the descriptor.. black people. not just 'blacks'And the stats show 93 unarmed people were killed by police in the U.S. last year. Is that not kind of disturbing?
Best of the European bunch, eh Howard ?
That is simply because such claims are believable, unlike your claim.
True. Would that make me a misogynist?
And an independent thinker. That is the ultimate sin in Harper's world.
Your taxes don't pay her salary and she's not represented by a union. In other words, there's no compulsion involved in setting her salary but only what the market for editorialists will bear.
'directest'?
Therrien seems to be doing a good sales job too. Does he have an attractive wife too? Slightly off topic, but could not resist.
Greggore: You overlooked blaming the UN and the Black Helicopters
Throw them out.
Yeah sure, HNH. It was Harper's transparency in his choice of Nadon that so angered the Supreme Court.
So let ME get this straight - Obama should go to war to avoid appearing weak, despite the fact that the majority of American's don't want to intervene, and that the diplomatic approach appears to be working?
But imolnar....it IS that simple.
I can't believe MPs can actually stomach voting for this. One would think elections would be sacred ground.
I think you are one smart, honest, person. here's to that conversation..........followed by action.
Well Mike, since you appear to like simple questions one can assume you like simple answers. If someone's not willing to attempt to save themselves from drowning there's no point in jumping in to go down with them.
Alleviate the suffering the best you can. That's what most Canadians want.
I suppose they should all quite the field and become asbestos workers? Our government says that is safe.
Not capable of reading ?
Charges ..then move on and learn
Then pony up.
You get to vote somewhere, they should get to vote somewhere too.
'B.C. Liberals should end unethical payments to Premier Clark'Is it more unethical to give than receive?
Harper has not learned to put country ahead of Alberta's misuse of the environment.
I think you'd find that the SCC wouldn't find end runs constitutional. All it would take is for one province to start a court action.
So this means the Globe will not be endorsing Harper? /cue laugh track
Great comedy post. But, yes, they're out to get you. You're too important to the 'cause'Too funny.
straw man john r22that is so narrow an interpretation of combat its meaningless
Its the inevitable result of Bush's policies in the middle east. Unless you want the US to go full in to a war that's unwinnable, Obama can only manage the fall out from what is possibly the biggest folly in US history.
What's stopping you?
We always appreciate your input Mr. Trudeau.
Does publishing this make you feel better, G+M? Big mistake to leave a leader (Parliamentarian of the Year, etc.) like Elizabeth out of the debate... Thank goodness for Twitter!
Oil. the money from it and the interests of Israel (Jews), whose financial and media control lobby power pull the strings in the west.
Easiest job in the cabinet. The boss thinks that the budget will balance itself. No pressure, no fuss for the next three years. Then utter panic.
People don't give Americans enough credit. Trump will not be elected.
Because he's a Canadian citizen.
The left made him buy, possess and use crack? Then lie about it? Repeatedly?
Explain further, how would you achieve that? How would you orchestrate the movement of over 4 million people? In cattle wagons?
argyle It's best not to feed the trolls.
Not like that Marsha. Canada would not tolerate mob rebellions. Yanukovich ran for his life. You just don't do that sort of thing to an elected leader. Wait for your turn to vote.
?It is said that no one truly knows a nation until one has been inside its jails. A nation should not be judged by how it treats its highest citizens, but its lowest ones.? ~ Nelson Mandela
You big__ted s__ist.... a women's intuitive feeeelings cannot be wrong .... don't you know?!!
Canada full? Very obviously not the case.
there is only one way out which includes FULL disclosure and Duffy's immediate resignation
Yes, especially for Germany, which devastated Ukraine in WW II and is now catering to another fascist, Putin, whose forces have invaded Ukraine.
Kindergarten teacher. Not even high school
'tackling the issues...'?
One day, there will be equality for men and women, boys and girls. Let's all focus on universal equality for everyone, both at home and abroad
jesus was largely a creation of propaganda, especially from saint john. to a large degree, he is a fictional character.
No. This is opinion about the disgusting things Trumps says and does. Journalism tells us about the disgusting things Trump says and does.
Been there done that - a complete social and economic disaster !!
Oh please, it's not "what it's all about". To paraphrase someone else, it's a crappy system but we haven't found a better one. Your argument is along the lines of might makes right yet doesn't not respond to the substance of my post.
Sure landed one there
All three of them. And yes, it is really democracy if they win. Let me know if you can figure out a way to make 3=15,000,000.
Marksist- Many women and workplaces in Europe certainly have had to make changes. We still have time to prevent the problems they are having.
We have it already.....in the public service!!!! Just joking, I think.
Brian Mulroney is a nice man. I'll say that. As for Trudeau, he's toast.
merecat, right back at you Sunshine.
Junior Trudeau keeps proving he is in way over his head. An attack ad wasn't necessary, Junior proves it time and again.
Stale? Ripe be more appropriate.
Many of history's finest examples agree with you as well; Po Pot, Stalin, Hitler, Chevas (sp), Castro....You hand-wringering, left-wing dingbats amaze me. Perhaps your rainbow unicorn has some legal ideas to suggest.
Does stupidity come naturally to you or do you practice?
... or a corrupt establishment politicians feathering her nest... and a naive billionaire who thinks he can beat the system .... so pa thetic ...
Yes the public service is back running the place, the trough is full and journalists has someone who will give them their video bits. I guess that is what it's really all about
Not just the Israeli's integrate genders with great success. The Germans and the Austrians and the Canadians do as well as many other developed countries. They learned from the mistakes of others. You sir, have not.
seth and Earth Man below seem to know what's what
Don't be naive. It is not longer a frightful demon, but the FN at its core is still racist and populist.
on the other hand Mrs. Mandrake did Doug express any Jack Layton style shallow expressions of Hope and Optimism for China ????
Read ' Sustainable Energy ? without the hot air 'David MacKay Regius Professor of Engineering at Cambridge's book then tell us about being 'too lazy to learn'.
Good riddance!
You are part of the problem. WHy don't you give your house to some deserving refugees? It would be consistent with your self-defeating views....
moderator asked Trump 15 questions and asked Hilary only 3
I guess you hate socialized healthcare as well. The right-wing certainly didn't come up with a concept like 'the Weekend'. Higher taxes isn't necessarily a bad thing. A tax-free world would not be a happy place.
She'd make a fine public union head.
Wagamese blames boredom when the real culprit is his poor planning coupled with the locals seeing that another Toronto anthropologist, armed with native blood no less, is getting off the plane.
One of the more annoying things about the years between 50 and 65 was identifying the age a particular business called you a senior. Many places gave senior discounts but never made it clear at what age the discount applied.
The world heard that same response a lot at Nuremberg. "I was just following orders." Evil triumphs when good men "just follow orders."
Its about time someone reined her in ....the public are fed up with her and her so-called cause. The treaties are old, outdated and nonsense .....we the taxpayers 'OWE NO MORE' ....let that be the slogan from this point on.
opinion???
We vote switchers are out there. I am confident there are enough of us to change the government. I am ashamed that I ever supported these thugs.
Maybe the Venezuelans don't realize that Harper's statement is warm and fuzzy by his standards.
Yeah, well - this is the guy who thinks porn is victimless.
"The US has caused a lot more trouble in the modern world than it has solved" Do you mean when the US stopped Hitler, Tojo, and then Communism?
'...nationalistic zeal of demagogues such as Russian President Vladimir Putin.'I didn't bother to read further. Why would any rational person?
He half succeeded and thus we are ever "schlonged" .............TY Donald Trump
Whether you agree or disagree with the conclusions, that was a thoughtful and pragmatic analysis. Thanks for the enjoyable read!
True, the notion that our ideology is superior to yours and that our tribe should rule is behind it all.
Re: 'The Onion stories often pass as real so we're not surprised are we?'With whom, exactly, do '[t]he Onion['s] stories pass as real'???'I love the poorly-educated.' - Donald J. Trumplethinskin
The author forgot to note that the Globe and Mail is now in full campaign mode.
With Harper it was stay with me for more of the same old corrupt party .
David is just about right, George. The quantity of mercury, even when used, is trivially tiny.
Someone in a stupor. Or an advanced degree in finance. It gets into the timing of the instantiation of those costs ...
Those who are constantly trying to improve themselves will never be satisfied with themselves.
This was predictable and avoidable. So was the destruction of the Northern cod fishery.
You've gotta give the girls credit -- they've mastered the lingo.
If it doesn't work and can't be proven to work, it does not fall into the category of advanced technology.
Sher-e-Hindustan I guess you want the pre 1965 immigration policy? Where only monochromatic immigration was allowed? ----- whatever monochromatic immigration is if it is legal then OK if not legal then NO
Thank you Rev., I am 1 of the last thalidomide 'babies' as we were called. It would help if you sign the petition and send your MP either the form letter included or your own. www.rightthewrong.ca/sign_the_petition
well yes she covered that......
The Court of Public Opinion, I suppose...?
Europe is already very ugly.
'With all the shocks to Canada?s oil-and-gas industry, this country needs to export some of its energy from Alberta and Saskatchewan to tidewater and beyond.'So, that is the essence of the argument? Deep thoughts from the G&M editorial board.
But the WTI/Brent spread is very low now , down to $2 from 25. Alot has to do with the part of XL that was built. As long as you can get it to Cushing the price is good.
Trump gets free coverage every time he slithers a little deeper into the ooze. Clinton donors are probably expecting a competent administration that doesn't bring the U.S. into disrepute or worse.
I bet you like Jeff Spicolli from Ridgemont High too. ehhhhh mannn.
Like voters supporting Rob Ford while their TTC bus service was cut under his tenure. They loudly complained... and voted for him again. Thomas Frank's prescient polemic, 'What's The Matter with Kansas', now fully resonates across North America.
We are simply spinning our wheels until world leaders admit that the biggest problem is our unsustainable and growing human population. Try googling 'population clock' should you be interested.
So your not pleased then sh*t head?
Sounds like you share the same delusions of persecution that 'the Donald' does.
HP - wow, you can't handle a little criticism of your leader. Interesting!!
http://www.economist.com/news/americas/21664208-canadians-see-themselves-global-benefactors-fact-they-have-been-pinching
Your ID says it all, liar.
it isn't an editorial. its an opinion piece from the head of the Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers. And it reads like that. You maybe forgiven for not noticing who wrote it, it should almost had 'advertisement' across the top.
My wife and I are seniors and far from being rich. In fact if it were not for the odd break we would be living close to poverty. Happy to read that you live such a priveliged life. Journalism must pay very well.
Hey, at least the bigots on the right are self-identifying. That is what makes free speech a good thing!
Who wants a nuclear deal with Iran when the military-industrial-security-banker-government-religion complex would profit immensely by a war on Iran and Artillery Hillary is waiting in the wings to become commander-in-chief with her very own war?
The Liberal party may wish to see if Mr. Obama is available in a few years. He is still more popular north of the 49th than south.
And I would add to Farquharson's piece: Harper chose non-negotional direction rather than collaboration and propaganda over information.
Employers need to pay more.
Lining up for your Guaranteed Annual Income any time soon?
I know right. There must be millions in Swiss banks for each of us by now.
Ugh. That is one detestable comment. Back under your rock.
nope, CPA controller, my guess is that you are a public funds guzzling private citizen that is looking for the public at large to provide day care for your family
Hi Seth, Nukes are zero carbon energy? That's amazing! How did you wisk away all the GHGs from the fuel cycle? Y'know, all the mining, milling, processing? Oh, and let's not forget the decommissioning...
Thanks for confirming your bias
Trudeau represents the two worst qualities of the last couple of American presidents. He is inexperienced like Obama, perhaps even more so, and he is riding on a famous last name like G. W. Bush.
And if someone experiences publicly exposing of their face as nudity?
Minor historical note, GV1 - Th?r?se Casgrain was prominent in both CCF and NDP, but Charles Taylor was mostly an NDPer.
Pol Pot agrees with you.
Take care! Hope the best for you.
Why do people leap to conclusions about an article WITHOUT reading the article?
These aren't immigrants, they are refugees. Camp people from low tech countries often don't have skills.
Rather I think the Israelis know exactly what the Americans have
I hear left-wing people also have an elitist and entitlement complex, with higher than normal feelings of moral superiority.
It may be better in the future for Ukraine but only if the US gets the Hell out of its business!
Brilliant, my complements to you.
With that kind of attitude you will help re-elect the 'unfit' one. Surely you are not suggesting that the other leaders - whomever they might be - are worse than Wynne?
Mackinnon. There are actually many people who will try to deride vegetarians by pointing out that hitler was a vegetarian. It is called reductio ad nazism. An absurd but effective tactic.
The central question in election is: Should Sharia override law of the land?
Certification is just another knee jerk reactionary solution to a non-existent problem. I'm going to go with 'if radical Imam starts preaching crazy stuff in Canada.. his own faithful will turn him in or straighten him out...'.
I could see this coming for years. The media sensationalizes everything while at the same time providing nothing in context. Now we have paranoid people and stupid people acting in concert. Unfortunately, they also probably vote.
As he is doomed to discover, the truth is usually incompatible with moral posturing.---------------------------------------What a silly conclusion.
I'll take JT's position any day over that managed by Harper's fearmongering band of idiots and his babysitter impregnating Minister of National Safety.
Somewhere a clock is missing its cuckoo.
Perhaps it's the influence of television, but people today don't seem to care if the facts are true or not, it's all about the story. So fact checking is irrelevant.
Coyne practically wrote the Crown's summation today. He'd eat Iverson for lunch.
It is pointless to try to reason with an ideologue.
'For my money, Bush II gets the worst President award for Iraq --- hands down. '----------------------------------------------------Did you consider JFK for Vietnam?
let's not forget valeri fabikrant not a muslim but a jew
Odd I dont think I Care, binah!//shalom...
Actually, Canadians acting on behalf of the government abroad must abide by the Canadian charter. the Canadian govt cant ignore the charter because they are operating somewhere else
One would expect better from the Editors. A third class editorial from the ---what still is a first class newspaper. If it was an attempt at humor or satire---it certainly failed in the eyes of this still struggling to be a subscriber.
Nobody is more disgusted with the anti-gay law than me, but keep the politics away from sport. Competitors work hard to get there, why ruin it for them because of the awful deeds of others?
The Governors General have to be somewhat more objective - freer spirits, if you will - than the ones we've been treated to, lately.
hopefully the conservatives in canada will never get another chance in the 21st century to do anything, let alone 'repair damage.' what a joke!
And with good reason- utilities such as water and electricity should never be privatized -remember Enron
Anyone who followed this trial in the least and still thinks Harper should run the Govt is obviously non compos mentis !
Mikey still has poopy pants from yesterday...
Selfies and photo ops.
That's gonna be tricky as he cheats to win elections.
How do you know this? Is the percentage larger or smaller than in the rest of the population? Are those Kellie Leitch's values? If so, and she becomes leader of the CPC, should they be the values of party members?
well with less than 1% of the population being jewish, i doubt at any time mr harper was trying to ge the jewish vote... get real stop writing such opinion and subjective articles
50 Rubles when the debt blows up
Please let me know when we hire qualified teachers, todays crop are useless turning students out who cannot do math spell or put a sentence together.
Pretty brave article with allusions to measles. It won't change their mind. Sheeps will continue their meeeh and not connect cancer they or their vaccinated kids get later in life with their blind followship.
What is it exactly that you want us to grasp? I really don't see what you are afraid of.
What do you mean rehabilitation doesn't work? It's not 100%, but recidivism rates are far lower when the prisons use rehabilitation rather than just punishment.
And, you nicely sum up why Donald Trump is on his way to the Oval Office.
It would be easier if you just clicked a thumbs down.
Yes but they get a heck of a big return and like all Canadians benefit from public services. The richest benefits are not priced as they are not considered 'economic growth'. They know this, you do not.
1 in 4 women will be raped? What a crokk!
'But this is not a frosh-week problem. This is an every-week problem.'Is it?
you ignore as Harper does that Khadr 's case is a question of law and justice not a political or emotional football.
Publishers used to have a stranglehold on the industry because there was a minimum threshold required by the press and binding business. Today I can push some keys on a Kindle and download whatever .... the business model has changed.
Cars and cats kill more birds...
you are gettig more and more irrational and incoherent. I'll file you under "ignore" from now on. Have a nice weekend.
They're Con trolls, SR. Start distinguishing.
Maybe don't have children if you can't afford the associated costs? Expecting other people to pay is incredibly selfish.
This is a far better piece than the editorial by the Globe on the same subject. People should read JK Galbraith on American Capitalism, although I admit that his work is dated.
I wish that I had written this article.
Make borrowing easy. Encourage unsafe levels of borrowing. Never heed the eventual payback. Finance economic growth by borrowingForce pensioners to borrow more than they can afford. I don't understand economics, this all sounds Greek to me.
Anybody else notice how little we hear from the PM and how much we hear from the PMO?
Ford More years.
Irony alert!
Its a rebate that usually is poured right back into the production costs from day 1.
Data please, Mr three-namer. Surely just one of those names -- 'Duke' surely! -- could produce some data.
Intrepid, as Jean-Paul Sartre warned us, the internet isn't the most reliable place for attribution of quotes. Can you give us a url that has the occasion when Jackson said this?
Good news. But as an investor I would worry that tourism sector at risk.
.'But first he has to win'Well, lets HOPE Trudeau can make it happen. There is only so much longer we can take (and afford) the far-right Tea Party Reform lunatic fringe Harper.......Time for a change..
It's just another form of porn Liz.
That horse is DEAD, Jim! It's 'billing' not 'bilking', for services contracted and delivered. Or have stories about charities and seniors claiming fraud been suppressed all this time.
And will do so again.
There's good reason to bomb ISIS, but no good reason for us to bomb them. Works for me. I like the Liberal approach.
Ya McCain is embarassingly past his retirement date.
Bingo. A government that creates two classes of citizenship under C-24 does not deserve the benefit of the doubt when it distinguishes between 'old stock' Canadians and others.
This of course is a narrative ie. story posing as factual news.
I assume you'll be voting to get Hudak into power. You must have a very strong stomach.
I don't disagree with that, but "paranoid" sounded like too strong a word.
"They're too busy... their future." There we are.
Yep. As Steve from Ohio pointed out in NYTimes comments column on the GOP's great white hope:'Let's not pretend Trump is getting the 'evangelical' vote unless you change the definition of 'evangelical' to crazy, racist, xenophobe. '
You mean zealots? Many are, or they're being mislead by Harper/Brown Co., who draw their core of hardcore supporters from the religious right.
Complete hogwash and a real disappointment coming from a former Statistician.
Harper doesn't just hate you, he hates all Canadians equally.
'Those 1% ... like to have a say commensurate with their stake in the pot.'======Are you allowed to just say it overtly like that?
Quite a stretch comparing racism to voter turn out. There are 42 million Black Americans, and 54 million Hispanic Americans and millions more claiming to be part Black or part Hispanic.
Hope nobody's sensibilities were insulted.
What terrorism? The kind being made up as they go along? Don't confuse mental health issues with terrorism, you're only playing into their hands.
Those getting a government cheque of one kind or another are in the majority, get used to Liberals.
GDP per capita is not all that counts! A country with only a fraction of the population in the 'super rich' category (like China) can have a relatively high GDP per capita while the majority live in poverty.
Propaganda at its finest. Brainwashing the insentient. Of course, our emaciated educational system produces the gullible masses to ready us all for the New Feudalism.
Time to move forward. Canadian money should have someone on it who has recently become a woman. Stop fighting past battles, it's not 2015 anymore.
do you really think Maggie will like that!
What makes you think Ukraine is not now full of CIA and other US military help? Even Canada has been sending supposedly 'defensive' military equipment like helmets.
he won't be called to the stand dumbpro, Duffy's on trial not the PM
Stray - if you don't want to support the overpaid CEOs of Walmart, Home Depot, Rogers, etc. then don't shop there. Nobody is making you. But just try not paying your taxes and see what happens
Great idea. But lets first ask the people in every country in the Middle East whether they support it. As for 9/11, I'm pretty sure [fill in the blank with whoever you hate here] did it.
It's going a bit far to assume that the so-called (and possible self-proclaimed) 'smart circles' who are engaged in these discussions 'know' the answers. Everyone has an opinion, but it is likely true to state that so far, nobody knows.
The media does what it's masters command.
Liberals believe they can fool all the people all the time. It finally caught up with them.
Only SJWs think that they can solve the world's problems merely by spouting empty rhetoric.
laurentgravel... Learn the difference between people who colonize and settle on land claimed by their nation and a foreign immigrant of today, eh...
I think that this is a good thing.
Dress up an invasion any way you want, tovarich. Are you still upset about our winning Eurovision song?
depends on what kind of pants you're wearing ...and sometimes the size of the twins.....why do you think men do this ?No angry answer please
so basically you're fantisizing about getting a legal reason to kill someone. You're a really horrible person!
Cringe worthy.
Don't assume everyone is a hypocrit just because you areSome of would indeed stick to our beliefs even if it was our own daughter.
Well stated, and mature observation!
As far as I'm concerned Mr. Baird has no credibility, so why should we put any value on anything he says?
I'm not sure when facts became bias Roger.
Right on. G&M is accountable for helping to elect the least democratic gov't I have seen in my lifetime
So what? Those are reasons for voting for Trump? Because, "It is possible that hostile actors ..."? Trump is the noxious product of Fox News, and a racist, delusional Tea Party. Even the GOP finds he has no redeeming qualities whatsoever.
Natural selection does not have a grand plan. You are confusing it with a fictional being capable of planning.
The very same.
Very good article, written in a refreshing style. 'food on the table conservative', 'obediently lie back and think of Canada' snerk. This is type of criticism that makes an impact, not the hysterical doom-mongering from Starbucks Slacktivists.
Lefties think everything comes from government, and of course its all free.
Yawn. No fire.
Do some research, you are wrong.
If they do that I cancel my subscription and move my 'national newspaper reading 'dollars to the Toronto Star (promised!)
What information do you posses to justify your claims? ISIS wants a holy war between all Muslims and all non-Mulsims. They want Armageddon. http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2015/03/what-isis-really-wants/384980/
And here I thought Simpson was a Burkean. Parliament, Mr Simpson, is the institution by which Canadians govern ourselves. We chose individuals to represent us, to invest their time and attention on our behalf. A referendum is unCanadian.
I trust this is snark.
topic alert....you've strayed
something comes out from your behind.
nanaimo. Good post.
Yes exactly. Maybe we are concerned because it is so crucial that China gets it right for the good of the planet and humanity. Yes more than the other countries with issues.
Brilliant write up Jeffrey, thank you...
Try Googling carbon tax fraud, and you can see one of the big problems with this tax.
If that was true, there would be no such thing as online financial transactions of any kind.
It's not about how long you live. I won't even try to explain.
How is an "alternative education" systems that teaches falsehoods, inaccurate information and discrimination a system that we should strive for? That's what we're trying to get away from...
'the Conservatives are pursuing a policy supported by 80-90% of the country?'-------Proof?
Lets hope Harper's abhorrent governance gets full exposure in these debates. A strong follow up in the social media of his dastardly deeds would certainly bring thechickens home to roost.
Just make a documentary with lots of spooky music playing the background. They eat that crap up.
YES, YES,YES, PET was brilliant!...and you're a neo-con!
Your the one lying, chum.
That's highly debatable....she was bad, but by a lot of metrics he is worse.
The bloated Government agencies at both national and international levels must be defunded. They simply provide overpaid paper pushing employment opportunities for millions of folks and are a monumental waste of tax payer dollars.
Harper's new law allowing him to steal what he wishes from the media for his attack ads could be turned back on him.
He was a mouth piece for Obamaism....
Interesting you write, 'witch hunting'. So I suppose males aren't hunted and shamed. Why is that?
There's a difference. Lightning doesn't intentionally try to harm you. Terrorists do.
I heard Shell released the news of the cancellation of the Carmon Creek was minutes after the release of the Alberta Budget. Coincidence?
bye, bye Justin
That and the Red Army.
Not so. There is actually a lot of competition between the NDP and CPC in the West - the goal is to polarize this dynamic throughout the contrary and hence crowd out the Liberals.
censors are active on this articleless filtered posts can be made at reddithttp://www.reddit.com/r/CanadaPolitics/comments/2a5847/was_this_the_most_offensive_question_ever_asked/
All living creatures deserve respect and humane treatment. The only time I would intentionally kill an insect is if it posed a threat to me.
It has everything to do with PC, and you know it.
Wow! That didn't take long to change the focus to teachers! I have to wonder about the lives of people who just sit around and envy the lives of others so much while knowing so little.
Thanks for voting Liberal. Nice to see things working out so well....
It's the Canadian version of Greece. Sadly, it will take economic reckoning for things to even just start to change.
Hey Rorymax, when has Harper ever spoke without a script or answered an unscripted question from the media? Never!!! The Mansbridge interview with Trudeau sure seemed unscripted from where I watched.
Where are you getting your US demographics from? African Americans voted 90% in favour of Obama, but they make up less than 14% of the overall population, and even a thinner slice than that of the electorate.
What a lot of nonsense.
Not only that, he'll lose too! Bigly!
Mark, byline has no hyphen and people are listed 'in,' not 'on.' Isn't picking flysh*t out of pepper just tons of fun!
we could start by reminding Justin Trudeau of his support for a rated voter ticket, this would be a start. If leadership does not accurately reflect the will of the people then protests that matter will only come(as you suggest) when it is too late.
Putin is a fascist and war criminal.
The Supreme Court rules on the constitutionality of existing law. It is up to Parliament to create laws that are constitutional. No slope, just no competence of legislation.
Very good points made Shaunnarine1! What is missing is an opinion about Harpers unbalanced Israeli support . Only a short year ago many comments like yours would not pass the threshold for this column. That is progress by the G&M .
Carol Anderson's book white rage might offer some insights.
The Liberals cannot talk about coalition before the election, and they should not. Next question....
You obviously didn't read Thorsell's contemptuous pre-election article on Harper.
Justin must be embarrassed when he hears about where his father spent WWII. Do you think they ever talked about it?
He is also a leftist.
Oh, he's not saying that at all.
Starting with anti-semitism.
.....and with the new carbon tax next year, horse and buggy.
Its also a prescription for what Chalmers Johnson calls 'blowback'.
Gee, the column reflects many of the criticisms made prior to the Canadian governments decision. Perhaps George Petrolekas, Stephen Harper and company should have looked and listened before the macho leap into the conflict.
Right - think twice before having a mental crisis - by getting murdered you will turn the cop into a victim. Think twice people!
You forgot to mention Ben and Jerry's ice cream factory near Stowe, the possible influence of the Bob Newhart show and Patrick Leahy. Just saying.
Nothing to do with marriage. It's SEX that they forbid.
Environmentalists have fought nearly every agricultural improvement over the past century, in their absurd desire for a return to some imaginary Eden of yore.
Confirmation again that the biggest problem in this country is the education system
Monica Lewinsky for president.
watch it the Human rights nazis will get you
To summarize, the way to fight terrorism is to terrorize.
If Quebec could have elected Senators, then separatists such as the PQ and the BQ, could then have a stronger voice in the Senate. That would be great, wouldn't it?
By the Prime Minister Canadians elected.
Can you please go back to the Toronto Star where it's 'sunny ways' every day. We are trying to address reality here.
If they want "treatment", whether it's hormones or surgery (or in the case of children hormone blockers) they aren't going to get that on their own.
Globalization and technology has leveled the playing field. The solution is to lower our lifestyle expectations and compete. There is no reason a smart, dedicated worker in the third world should make so little money.
Those who play the drinking game based on CheeMiss writing 'union thug' in a comment . . . tend to get pie-eyed pretty quickly.
Examples please?
I don't want to put words in your mouth, but are you calling it political porn?
Don't expect too much from this government, and you'll be satisfied.
Peter, it doesn't seem obvious to me.
Sure. Legalize it and tax it... so uh, the kids can't get it. Like they can't get at alcohol or porn or sex...
Those that dispute the evidence of it being warmer during the medieval warm period, ditto 6000 years ago, 12000 years ago are he flat earthers.
Corporate boardroom? Huh?
Wow ... just wow ...
It's called a character flaw!!!
How do you know? They might have voted FOR others.
Excellent summary of the irrational behaviour of people like yourself. You live in another very small, anti-democratic world.
Well, perhaps she'll be picked up by the PMO adding to the babbling cabal of 'advisors' on the public dime.
Good. That's why I like him. At least he doesn't represent the interests of those parasites who beg for money at highway exits.
No, it's his 'never concede' speech.
sounds like you should stay down south and not come back.
This article is highly biased. People from ordinary working class are better off under Conversative than Liberal.
@ Garoo. Israel is not building settlements IN the Gaza Strip. Where did you get the idea that they are???
That is the way it works. With one account, Canadian or US based, you get the US library when you have an US IP and Canadian library when you have a Canadian IP.
well, since it's not a statue, your comment is a bit hard to fathom
DustyPixie, I did no such thing. Please: a) read, and b) think before you post comments insulting others.
Mosha - from Belarus? :) Lukashenko is a nut case dictator. Those poor people living in the bloodlands. Armies/dictators constantly roaming around.
Well maybe so but having Coffee in Jerusalem isnt one of the reasons, how many Partioned Cities should Canada have.//shalom...
His retirement was convenient.
Well said. and, making your point even more blunt, she is in a position to make her voice heard, while most men aren't. so who is being discriminated against?
Torture is not useless, if it is used properly , whatever that is , it does serve a purpose.
LOL, I hear the tiniest violin playing.
At the very least, it is sedition.....and a Criminal Code offense. The Manitoba Chief should be investigated by CSIS.
scrimbo you and your thinking and your facts! No wonder you confuse people. Didn't another G&M article today state that the Ford supporters were the least educated of the people that were polled to guage Ford's support?
Tor - you misunderstood my post - I do want the basics memorized for the sake of problem solving efficiency.
Can't put the genie back in the bottle but we can try and educate consumers about nudge marketing. #cdnpoli
Oh, chill-out you 'adults'. It was a cute, kind of clever remark.
Only the Canadians matter. The unarmed, innocent children, mothers, fathers etc. don't matter. You sound like an American.
Lynner, You must be leading a very sheltered comfortable privileged middle class life.
Putin is really putting the sheep to work. At least it is gratifying to know that the Russian mob values Canadian perspectives.
outsource yes but not "consultants" who charge too much
Photographers and media show and tell you what they want you to see and not what you should see. Their agenda -
excellent.
Of course it's timely and well-deserved as far as this newspaper is concerned. Russo-phobia in this newspaper is pretty much standard.
You have no idea what it's like to live with a bi-polar personality they have much higher rates of drug addiction.
Yes, great writing!
What happens to the Scarborough LRT once the new subway is finished? I think we will be paying for both as it serves a different area of Scarborough.
Hmmm. Such a wise comment WLM1. Too bad you don't have to be anonymous.
A very articulated well written article, could not agree more.
There was a film made in 1965 about the Harperites and Captain Steve - it was called 'Ship of Fools'. Harper is a dictatorial bully on the national stage and a bumbling embarrassment internationally. His time is running out.
he had a job ?
There was a family history, she has the bad gene and the doctors assessed at 83% probability. She has a husband and 6 kids i guess she wanted to see them grow up.
When will Canadians have the corresponding right to vote in 'First Nations' elections?
Good article. The local library here is always bustling and its great. Such a valuable resource deserves our support so thanks Renzetti, I'm feeling a little less guilty about all those over due books now.
Could we have a list of acts of terrorism committed by Syrians in North America? Or anywhere?
Meanwhile, the 'famous five' women were deleted from our currency. Sad ....
I gota get me one of those.
Who says they are? All Lawrence Martin does is quote some unnamed source. I wouldn't take it as gospel.
To reduce emissions... which it has...
There are only so many beheadings one can be concerned about.
They are not welfare checks, they are payments as part of treaties and long-standing arrangements.
Grand juries conduct their business in private to protect witnesses from harassment/threats and also to protect the reputation of the subject of the indictment from harm. Too late for Officer Wilson's reputation.
Jeffrey--not nice to generalize and say 'Conservative voters have a lower level of education'. Some of your well educated friends often vote Conservative.
The cronyism of some Councillors towards the taxi industry is yet another reason that we need term limits. Simply too many old timers with long ago purchased loyalty.
u should consider going back to the country to came from. How much religious freedom a muslim country gives to a non muslim? Here you have everything and yet you complain all the time.
This policy would not be crazy if the US was on board and as long as India, China and other countries lived up to the Paris Agreement commitments. Without the US, it's economic suicide for Canada and other countries will also jump off the bandwagon.
Incorrect - Scotland is not in a federal system - the devolved scottish parliament is fully controlled by westminster - which can amend the powers of the parliament at its own pleasure.
Premier Moonbeam? The mayor of Vancouver has the title of Moonbeam totally sewn up. You will have to work harder to come up with a nickname for CC!!
@JP-OErika is a well-known troll. It's best to ignore her (or him or it).
Actually, Idiot, it wouldn't. If we didn't hsve to pay for all the social/welfare programs for illegals, we'd have plenty of cash fir infrastructure.
Yes but what the article didn't mentioned was that amongst all those Canadians polled, the pollsters found it was David Suzuki himself that was his own greatest admirer by far.
Say what, gun haters lying. Say it is not so!
So last week he was hiding from the chiefs. This week, he's only in it for the photo-op. Left wing thought processes are as predictable as it gets.
Less taxes benefit who, exactly?
War is part of our history, but it is not an occasion to celebrate it. War represents failure to resolve conflicts and differences. The Globe editorial board contunies its support of stupidity.
Then why don't you send them your personal cheque ?
I would have said "rosary-clutching", but I like your pearl comment too.
Between shady cash deals stuffed in lockers by a former Conservative Prime Minister and Conservative Conrad Black the felon, the Globe keeps on giving these two sheisters primetime spots on their pages.
LOL - that one is a killer, isn't it? Someone who has absolutely no understanding of basic economics and will get screued because of it. Isn't it always the way.
This is literally the most crazy editorial I have ever read in the Globe. Just ... [where to begin...] .... who would you propose to be the Conservative PM if Harper did resign? Tony? Jason? Leona? ...?Please stop the crazy. I want to get off.
Is every comment on this site now subject to the scrutiny of a moderator, regardless of content, or are certain posters now being flagged for targeting ?
And you have no clue what it means to people in Canada. Open your mind and stop trying to force your own closed-mindedness on others.
A President will always support his party's candidate. More power to Ginsburg in going after Trump.
Like an elected Senate would make any sort of difference! I guess I don't know my Senators because they do nothing anyway. I don't know your either. Same reason.
At least your comment got published.
Period after a known name. Imposter troll.
To put the same effort into a response as you have done: no, it is you who are wrong, I drew the correct conclusion.
I don't think you understand the article or the US
The journey of a thousand miles begins with ONE step. Lao Tzu If you think you are too SMALL to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito.? Dalai Lama XIVSuccess is the sum of SMALL efforts, repeated day in and day out. - Robert Collier
by your tone, you would likely support child porn, legalizing heroine and meth if the tax dollars were your only concern.
More trains ? But we don't really have any trains to speak of. Its noe thing to overbuild but quite another to only rely on highways and airports
It's always about the alternatives as much as it is about the current government or the leader of the party governing.
Assuming of course that all fn's had the same fact dames values Which fn are you referring to, or do you believe that they are all the same?
Here are a bunch. Now, show us yours. http://filmincentives101.tumblr.com/library%20
Saying she would like help so she can serve more people isn't exactly whining.
What concerns me is the coverage that Mike Duffy provided when he was still working for CTV News and whether it was biased because a pre-arranged deal between Harper (or the Conservative Party) and Duffy for the Senate seat.
Thank you for this. And I think the wording that it makes it harder for the police puts the wrong spin on what happened, it actually remedies something that was too easy by ensuring due process.
Right on, Birch!
Well for one thing, a ban is impossible to implement. Most people don't waste time talking about hypothetical & impossible ideas. That's why.
I apologized for not vetting my source. It appears there is a large amount of illegal immigration as well, and a lot of anti Muslim sentiment that shocked me that wants immigration laws changed.
Uh, John Tory is not currently holding electoral office - hasn't for a number of years & has never held office in a municipality. Try to keep up here, the conversation is about elected municipal officials.
Sure Wright, those poor oppressed Arabs.
And you continue reading the left wing zealots for what reason?
But a shrewd idiot. After all, the voters welcomed her in.
Another right wing nut job trying to make decisions on what I do with my body and how I manage my pain. I'm so glad you and your ilk are not in control anymore.
Sure, like we trust you lot.
yes but then you take all of the lying Liberals along with her. I agree that she seems a responsible leader but this party needs to be punished for their misdeeds. The deletion of emails to avoid a backlash was the last straw for me.
he campaigned on everything--give it all away. taxpayers will be paying for his promises for generations
Your fruitless leader says that the election is not about him. In fact, it is. Canadians are sick of the lying, the divisive tactis in attempts to divide Canadians, etc, etc, On Monday night he will be dead fruit rotting at the bottom of the tree.
I think you may be mistaken. I don't see either Israel or the United States on this list: http://www.icc-cpi.int/en_menus/asp/states%20parties/Pages/the%20states%20parties%20to%20the%20rome%20statute.aspx
"We" did not really offer much material support to the moderate fighters in the principle of non-intervention, until ISIS came around and then we tried to use the remaining "moderates" as tools to defeat ISIS.
It would seem that the former PM Harper made even Cabinet members 'nobodies'
There is precisely zero reason to suggest that what ails her is any different than her doc reported.
It was Trudeau that said the only good PMs come from Quebec. He is a regionalist, Harper is a nationalist.
Right. So an arts degree. And he makes his living off writing books about his left wing theories. Excellent source of information.
Is Trudeau in awe of Obama? I think not.
Whether you call him "an arrogant worm" or a "sneering bully", the fact is he tried to destroy our democracy, shut down dissent in this country, and sell us off to the highest bidder. We can only hope Harper is, at best, "a skid mark in history."
'Aboriginal females make up 85% of all female prisoners in Canada.'No, it's 35 percent according to the Native Women's Association of Canada
Are you forgetting the popularity of the "Ford Nation"?
Ah...who just sold the LAVs to KSA?
John 'Canada is no longer under the sway of the Laurentian elites' Ibbitson is hardly a Liberal.
Obama DID have the votes both in the Congress and the Senate... for 2 years... he squandered it.
No he is a clueless idiot.
you can tell who the python fans are
Here is the address: Electoral Assistance Department of Political Affairs United Nations Secretariat New York, NY, 10017 United States of America Telephone: +1 212 963 8737 Facsimile: +1 212 963 2979 Who is going to start a petition/request?
Marijuana can't be any easy to get than it is now.
I don't think this is useful debate. Fear-mongering with the ultimate message that, above all, we have to court US approval. Silly.
Notice al gore or king Suzuki cutting back on flying?
Things will get done in the proper order. Have no fear. We have our democracy back with us, others than Justin do some talking. Its not one goon running the show with the help of maybe 3-4 henchmen in the PMO. Democracy is back.
It's pretty insulting to be required to bow/curtsy upon meeting another human being who goes by the laughably lavish moniker of Majesty, while you get to wear the ultimate insult - subject! Just what a great democracy needs.
Observant, What led to your fear of lesbians?
You should get out more and seek the facts
And aren't those packages just Jim Dandey?
How about provincially? Ministers from Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, New Brunswick and PEI have all been appointed. So what's your problem?
More like a mess made over the past 1400 years...
The "Christian Church" was a fraud developed at the Council of Niceae. Brilliantly planned and executed mind you, but a fraud nevertheless. The alleged "jesus" had nothing to do with this.
Alberta wasn't booming when he started those cuts..
Not to mention all of the fundamentalist Christians that are already making these claims. Is there a reason you singled out Muslims? I know a good dozen galy Muslims by the way. They seem to have reconciled this issue for themselves.
Maybe some of us like our newspaper to let a story unfold rather than assume an immediate opinion. I'm not in favour of a casino, but why is 'no' the first response? No casino. No jets. No cars.
I no longer think it is a choice between three leaders. It is a choice between Harper and Canada. Any non-Harper win opens the possibility of a process that can save the country.
Perhaps it hasn't dawned on you but we know what we're reading when we read it from a dishonest mainstream media. We just don't believe them. Their Trump-bashing articles are just too many, too frantic, too rabid, too frenzied.
They are the lucky ones, almost nobody survives in a normal state with defib. They end up with brain damage. People watch too much TV.
While I admire Obama's belated attempts to do something, with more guns than people, no amount of gun control now will make any difference.
@ Matt HUGHES That all you have, wait and see. As of now I I will assume you are a paid troll for terrorists. It may be your door coming down.
Canada is just one of 60 countries in the coalition against ISIS if each came up with 6 jets like Canada then we would have 360 jets
In America the top 5 opponents to legal pot are, 1 Police unions2 Private prison corporations3 Alcohol and Beer Companies4 Pharmaceutical Corporations5 Prison Guard Unions
You can't seriously write an editorial on this subject while completely ignoring the fact that Corbyn was ELECTED by a majority of Labour party MEMBERS. The Globe's editorial board attains new levels of sophomoric vapidity with each new oeuvre.
Absolute rubbish. The Falklands don't fall within Argentine territorial waters... this is a repost of the lie you posted earlier that was removed.
Harper never killed anyone - he didn't go over to a country to murder Only this monster did. Why vilify Harper He has done nothing but protect you and me and our citizens.
Jim Sanford is very well known and is a frequent speaker on radio and television and appears in many publications. Only an ignorant and easily-led conservative would be unaware of this.
"Doing his best". I call that damned by faint praise!
Countries colonized and administered by Britain. You mean countries like Canada? If Britain hadn't "colonized" North America France and Spain would have maybe that's what you would prefer.
The Bow is independent of the Federal government.
but you are effectively saying that there can be no group or institution that holds an opposing view to yours. This is tyrannical.
Article 5 doesn't specify aircraft. A more interesting question is what will Turkey do.
Good analysis. Especially the media part. The Calgary Herald used to be a fairly balanced newspaper prior to about 1995 but turned hard right in preparation for being bought up by Conrad Black.
This woman is a creep
Small Korean lobby in Canada. And they are not interested in Christians.
That's great! However not sure what the point of your post is. Sorry I'm just saying that 1 anecdotal study is pretty meaningless when discussing trends in society. I think however as more time passes your story will become more common.
As long as Harper is still in power Canada-China relations will go nowhere. He is totally incapable of negotiation and diplomacy.
Fear of being sued or losing their jobs. Parents are the persons driving this behaviour. PS I am not a teacher.
This paper/website is pretty centrist, all things considered.
The 'Cargo Cult' was wide spread - especially in places like New Guinea.
BlackAcre - well said.
If you think Greece has done nothing in the last five years, you should read http://www.vox.com/2015/6/30/8867939/greece-economic-crisis.I'm not even gonna bother with the silly stuff re Canada.
The political parties do not seem smart enough to initiate policy of this sort. The policy initiatives likely come from the senior civil service.
Much ado about nothing. In the grand scheme of things this hardly rates. All governments are corrupt. Only the degree of corruption is open to debate.
Worked out great in the People's Paradise of Venezuela.
Heh. More likely Rona.
As Poster Trader Rick put is so succinctly: 'They are in the same piece but that's all. She's using them as examples of the same mindset. 'Evidence bedamned I know the truth' way of thinking. As shown by comments here.'
Ironically enough, it is - or was - Harper's idea to have an elected Senate. [ one of his first campaign promises, in fact]
Important point to consider: the developers were never into subways. Megamalls and casinos, especially if the gov't were willing to give them 'peppercorn' leases on the land. 'subways, subways, subways' was a campaign slogan and nothing more.
Being an irresponsible parent is the issue.
It's pretty tough to fight progress.
How many people will have to be jailed or hauled before human rights tribunals while they sort out the details of their petty language issues?
Timely and well articulated. Ween we understand the importance of taking ownership of the destiny, for us and for our children, paths of tolerance and peace become less burdensome.
Now we know why the economy is in the mess it is and why Canada's standing in the world is diminished-this crew does just not get it and have no common sense. Unbelievable!!!
That Israel can trust him? Why? Why should he ensure Israel can trust him? Is that the mandate for the Leaders of nations?
this is 3 and counting for really really good G&M editorials. What's the deal!? Keep making sense (apologies to David Byrne). This country really needs to hear from the media in whatever form that this harper hysteria is wrong wrong wrong!!
Conservatism, by definition, is backward looking. No surprise here.
You have just hurt the feelings of Walmart greeters everywhere. 
All the seniors with the 'good jobs' refuse to retire and so there is limited opportunity for those younger than them.
Low skill private sector workers have been crushed in the last 2 decades. Public sector workers by comparison have done much better. The public sector has become the other 1%. The civil service pension funds control assets that dwarf the rich.
Olivia Chow working on City business
One can only hope airheads like her stay away...
The Liberals campaigned that they would do things differently but is seems while they talk the talk, they don't want to walk the walk.
re Last night in SURREY, BC The shooting was on Knight street in East Vancouver, a far cry from Surrey. A perfect example of how the chain of supposition and misinformation becomes mixed into what the story becomes and how it is viewed by others.
Norm. Suggest you run for MP.
Changes may be in the air; but nothing will actually change but the faces.
So you say Odor can't stand the heat and should stick to ballet? That's what you just said.
Thanks for your most humble comment.
If you're over 30 you probably tuned out because you've heard all this in one form or another before. That's not to say he's wrong.
Well, there are these ones that I can think of:The Sudbury byelection scandal. The destruction of emails about the gas plants. The gas plants themselves. There's still the ORNGE scandal involving Deb Mathews. E-health...so many.
LOL its an Audi this morning!
The factor I didn't see Picard account for is that physicians, at least the vast majority of physicians, have no pension, nor any benefits with their job. This further reduces the take home amount.
Legal Aid Huh! Yup and welfare for all!
All harper and his cronies know is bullying. They are about to find out what many bullies find out, or figure out. You don't bully someone bigger and stronger than you are, because you will get smacked down.
They didn't abandon logic and reason, they never had it in the first place. Canada is full of whiners and complainers who are profoundly ignorant and bizarrely proud of it.
Pierre Poutine.
Give it a rest.
Apparently, even armed police officers are frightened by fiscal accountability.
And I think the western Ukranians started revolting when it looked like the doors to the West (ie the EU) were to be closed in favour of stronger ties to Russia. It's easy to see why that would upset them.
Go straight to your room!
You seem to have the Trots.
as Trump said she has been around for 30 years and look at her legacy or non-legacy as Obama and dear Justin said "Change"
It was never, ever about the $90K, but you knew that didn't you?
Thank You Thank You!
Hey Carter, the dry cleaner called. Your white robe and hood are ready for pickup.
Perhaps because it is neither propaganda or aimed at minors? Perhaps the better question would be why you support random gang violence and beating of people.
I agree with most of what you write except for the tax which I consider disingenuous and that paying probably trillions of dollars will redress a historical wrong. You do not redress a wrong by creating another wrong.
Less inflammatory than the people inventing emotion based definitions to attach to "old stock" instead of... y'know... what the term actually means.
Any crack video's? Any escorts, rehab stay? Any fights in counsel chambers with women ? You're making a mountain out a molehill.
The flood of terrorist attacks in the US brought them in I suspect.
I think Hillary realized that the multi-millionaires who contributed millions to Obama so that he would say no to Keystone XL will be willing to contribute millions to her campaign if she also says no.
I cant believe anybody supports this disgraceful mayor!!
We must tolerate what we regard as barbaric cultural practices that do not break any laws. Thus we should tolerate the burka but not 'family honour' violence. So an immigrant who admits to having a strong sense of family honour should be screened.
What's wrong Garry Police with morals and principles not giving you the war you want to see?
You may want to spend a little time researching Canadian history, of which you appear to be so ignorant, and find out how many Canadian women have given their lives for, and in, battle in 20th and 21st wars/police actions/peacekeeping missions.
Thanks Jack, for being the exception that proves the rule.
Nothing more dangerous than a 98-pound weakling getting sand kicked in his face while he has his finger on the nuclear launch button?..
If wittle Wobbie doesn't like the nasty weporters, he could do the wight thing and wesign. Poo Wobbie Boo Boo.
By supporting this bad bill, Trudeau managed to make the story about the Liberals too.
No. No we are not.
I hate seeing that Canada is moving towards an ugly style of U.S. politics, where those with money will ultimately set the agenda for our politicians.
@DieterHH: union wage extortion. That's cute. Let's talk about executive wage extortion and how CEOs and other executives now make more than 300 times the wages of the people who actually make the stuff.
With respect and the deepest gratitude I remember and thank those veterans for their sacrifices.
the person who calls the referendum should be NEUTRAL and not take sidesthat is how it is done in a world of fail playnot sure how they do it in the leftist worldif george is not curious then I am
Municipal government are powerless against arbitration, you can thanks McGuinty for that.
Kenny needs to tighten his cilice quite a bit more, and wear it higher. He also needs a more coarse hair shirt and a few more hours (per day) of self flagellation.
In your dreams. Harperites will be lucky to split Ontario: best case scenario, they get 130 seats.
That's because the group blocking the parade were Canadian, trying to pretend that they were being treated like Blacks in America are.
Having tour both Auschwitz former camps twice, I can only shake my head. Perhaps Morrissey must have a micro IQ because I can imagine how someone could use such an analogy in all good sense.
Boy Trudeau is a reminder that, as bad as John Baird is, things could be far, far worse.
What good ideas? Tell me about them.
How exactly did The Election become part of a Nutrition Editorial? Is that Kiwi butter?
Isn't there an unoccupied bridge over in Fort Erie you can crawl back under?
I saw you on the Sunshine list Simon.
How about identifying yourself with your real name so that we can test your claim to be a law professor?
Manning and Harper split like 20 years ago.
The Doctors didn't put any money into the reelection of the Liberals.
Yeah, imagine the chill if you're wondering whether posting a comment online or making a donation or clicking 'Yes' to something you agree with could lose you your job. Sickening. Everything about Harper is sickening.
Time for a new saying: All baton and no parade ;-)
Yeah, Harper's really scary. Terrifying, actually. I'm shivering in my boots.
This is not an issue that is 'political in nature'.
Actually it's very liberal. It puts the choice back where it belongs ( women and medical staff) and removes it from the government. You would think it would be a Conservative plank.
That would no doubt be Say Something.
Keep going, you are helping make the term meaningless.
Universities are not their own little fiefdoms, there must be one law for all people, no matter the sex, race, age, whatever, there must be equal treatment under the law. *That* is equality.
David Suzuki is still flying by float plane between his mansions in Vancouver and Quadra Island so obviously there's no reason why we peasants should cut back on our consumption.
You forgot RWNJ, Barry.
Right on the money EM. Margaret and her ilk are a major part of the problem!
Perfect example of blind ideology trumping everything else, including common sense!
pigs will fly before that happens.
Gary - excellent post !
It's not ground-breaking. It's obvious that BLM is in the wrong here - even to most Canadians.
Basing your article on comments made by Conservative trolls is more than ridiculous. You're better than that... and so is Canada.
Progressive III represents the uneducated, homegrown product that produces corrupt prime ministers and their painful hangers-on. Somehow, they are allowed to carry on corrupting public venues such as this.
There is no business more employed through nepotism than the movie biz.
True. But he played to the lowest common denominator for votes.
In any civil war there are no innocent civilians, they only complain when their side looses or takes a few hits.
Check out the guys record on truth of statements he makes. He is lying about 78% of the time. http://www.politifact.com/personalities/donald-trump/
It looks Harper got the economy right.
oops. It was Der Bingle who brought up the previous story.. But several other posters have pointed out the bias... incredible G and M would allow this printed without editing.
Many thumbs up !
That 'Holier-than-Thou' attitude should really attract voters.
Go back to those posts about the problem of power loss and see how the problem has been exaggerated by the cynics who aren't up to date on the technology..
What science re carbon burning and the environment makes any solid connection?
The language in your comment makes you look like a petulant child. Perhaps that is what you are.
Hear! Hear! You sure got it right.
frankphi - what's wrong with strict Islamic rule? It's what the Saudis rule with and Harper and Baird LOVE it! Of course, Harper and Baird would prefer the Christian version of strict rule - eye for an eye and all that.
You must be a progressive that has a problem with how successful the West is. Please read up on the centuries old conflict within Islam to gain some worldly perspective.
More reasons to not vote for Wynne. As a matter of fact, the list is endless in her case.
Everyone with a brain knows why. That obviously excludes Harper supporters.
what a bunch of anger driven gibberish ...
'But climate change played no role in this disaster.' Thank you, Margaret. I'll sleep better knowing that.
Chili, I knew DawnAdamsCentriste . . . and you, sir, are no DawnAdamsCentriste.
Yes, kind of like buying a bottle of wine because it has a pretty label.
Mr. Martin, I believe you could best influence the world from the PMO. Once we get 24 Sussex fumigated, would you consider moving back in?
And yet preferable to the mindless reflex voting patterns seen in much of Alberta and rural areas.
The world is addicted to a destructive energy regime and our pathetic response is: 'Hey, don't pick on us! We're just suppliers!'
I agree with Saunders. The grammatical structure sounds odd to our ears, but the two ideas are clearly meant to be conjoined.
How are the McGuinty inquiries going? Haven't heard a thing about the mess he caused in Ontario in a while. Do you think the MSM is ignoring that liberal mess because they are all on the same side?
Some are. But most are running from a civil war that doesn't discriminate in the killing.
Actually, it's uhh, uhh and ehh, ehh. I took note because in some eastern European countries, ehhehh is the equivalent of poopie when speaking to children, as in "did you make an ehhehh?"
Flipflop, Agreed. So why are Canadian soldiers inflicting violence on Afghan civilians?
I agree with this, especially where children and seniors and the disabled are concerned.
I agree with moon howler. The article seems like little more than a platform to stereotype Reformers as backward hicks.
Notley recently said that increasing the minimum wage by 50% will result in an increase in employment
The clintons did a lot more than groping in the WH, and that is not 'alleged ' it is part of the public record
Dieter how would you start?
Alceste, precisions PLEASE! What are exactly are those ''nun fantasies'' you are talking about ? I suspect that they are yours rather than mine !
Oh, but won't you start screaming when you can't access public health care anymore.
Forget people outside Canada, a lot of people inside Canada don't understand this, including, it seems, some in the media.
As far as the conservatives and the negative ads they have been running, it shows a gross lack of character on their part
The comparisons with PET are trite and boring. Like him or not, stop with the comparisons to his father. Perfectly fine to compare him to the guy who's place he took, but his father and what he did or didn't do is irrelevant.
Yes, BUT you fail to realize....Obama was the FIRST ever black president....and as such, he can do as he pleases....no one dare correct him for fear of being called a bigot.
My thoughts exactly.
You've correctly highlighted one of the most stupid comments in the article. Anything that is taught was research at some point in time.
Art, on a per-capita basis our emissions are much greater than China's!
You disagree with Martin's statement that there's no conspiracy against Harper. So, where's the conspiracy?
No, Ayn. Go away.
perhaps think "left" like Doug Saunders ???
You have no understanding the the land claims process in B.C and its legal basis. Before revealing yourself as a closet racist, I suggest you should at least try to obtain some education. Another Rob Fors pig sounding off.
you don't drive? you don't heat your house? you don't use electricity?
He's an MRA troll - just ignore him.
Stephen Saines - Should one smoker on an airplane get to affect the health of the other 200 passengers? No. Should an ignorant minority get to endanger the rest of society? No.
Over the last 20 years, the Scandinavian countries -- Sweden in particular -- have been undergoing a huge shift into privatization. This includes schools and hospitals.
The only 'brain drain' (Globe's phrase) seems to be emanating from the Globe editorial offices.
And we have the temerity of pointing our fingers at the likes of Afghanistan and Karzai !
His father wept when Justin told him he wanted to enter politics, just like dear old dad.
Hey stop calling George Bush names!!!!
Not with Steve and his cavalry of holy troopers in charge.
Or if he really thinks the Globe is left wing.
Brilliant observation! Sadly, you are right.
Geez! Where does all that hostility come from?
Trying to keep the Foreign Worker Dream alive, are we .. Nope -- The day of the phony Evangelical Economics is over.. .. Thanks for playin'. // ..
It's control over the nomination process, and owning the RA's if possible, as one-eighty said. Until that changes, if a cabinet, or an MP, revolts against a PM.....better hope you take him/her out with the first shot, cause you're done otherwise.
Stay out, then.
Its only shilling when you dont agree with it.
Your comment is a coherent strategy. It would be fascinating to see how close it is to Obama's generals thoughts. I guess hoping one of them chips in to comment is fanciful :-)
how old are you? you cant be over 12
An even better question is why we let him back in.
Oh, my, another clueless post by Garry R Moore - Solutions Inc. I guess your lobbying business will plummet after Monday's vote.
Don't forget "snout in trough" central, Ottawa. Lots of Liberal seats there too, public servants protecting their over-entitled jobs.
Would suggest you read Thomas King - "The Inconvenient Indian" or take a course in Aboriginal history in Canada before writing your personal beliefs and assumptions.
It is also the only reason the Liberals ever got voted in. Unless they achieved office under some different system no-one knows about...
This pope has a 'habit' of making statements that sound progressive and accepting only to turn around and contradict them with hard line proclamations from the Vatican.
Your slippery slope argument is ridiculous, expat!
No more childish than the liberal trolls calling Harper "tubby". I never saw any comments from you chastizing the Liberal trolls, hypocrisy thy name is Liberal.
If the G-G has any cojones, he will refuse the request to prorogue. And if my grandmother had wheels, she would be a bus.
Perhaps you missed the trial of two individuals convicted of an honour killing that saw three innocent women murdered....in Canada....the result of 'strange, horrific cultural practices.'
let us not forget he is a drama queen.
Mel, you are sooooooo humorous. Always good to hear from the loony left.
Troll alert!
Martin has not been much of a booster and seems to have fallen for the opinions espoused by Conservative online trolls who speak for a tiny constituency and who most people consider a joke.
There is no right kind of revenue.
Too many government employees with too-powerful unions. Overdue for a much-needed clean up.
I'd rather a good intentioned Trudeau than the mean spirited vindictive Harper!
OldBanister.....sore loser if there ever was one!
Would you be the same Canada Best who commented yesterday that the New York Times 'made Pravda look right wing'?
Nicolas Sarkozy is about as unpopular as Francois Holland, that's why.
Her family was featured on Star Trek as a group of aliens.
Stephen, you lost, please don't bother the informed Canadians in tis forum.
You haven't really learned the key lesson; don't endorse anyone, and however you decide to vote, expect you candidate to lie to you.
What is the ' sensible middle ground' during nature directed climate change.
The author of this article is either fully ignorant, delusional or both. I urge everyone reading such drivel to think for themselves and realize how asinine these anti gun puff pieces are.
You are right Jim, I will eat less oranges and more apples.
Do I detect some tongue in cheek?
This is what happens when almost every debate on any topic seems to hinge on a fear of slippery slopes.
Why would Mulcair want to work with him? Every time Trudeau speeks it is better for Mulcair.
Love your columns Tabatha!
How many scientists signed the Leap Manifesto?? And Suzuki doesn't count!
Gary Mason; the partisan and biased ReformaCON reporter in sheep's clothing. Now it is all clear... THANKS GARY : )
'The non-progressive side never deserves even minimal respect.' Sure. And calling the author silly and an idiot shows a lot of respect for her views too.
@MeInCanada What an awesome pile of baloney you are spewing.
Wow you were in the meeting? If not it is just conjecture. My opinion is that they asked themselves if the reproducing the cartoon was required to tell the story and they decided it wasn't. They make these decisions every day.
You are setting yourself up as an expert on this stuff. I don't think that I can trust you.
You're as bad as Bibi, the way you cheapen the Jewish experiece. Got any Wiley E. Coyote bomb pictures?
YOu missed the point. Canada pointed its finger at Turkey for Genocide. NOw Canada is being investigated for genocide and we are shocked - shocked and appalled that anyone should question our integrity.
Donald Tusk should get a Nobel Prize for hyperbole.
The people who work for Charlie Hebdo were executed for disobeying Muslim dictates and others were executed for simply being Jews. The comments by Dieudonn? and others sounded as if they supported these ex?cutions.
'I'm merely responding to a foolish claim of Harper being truly inclusive.'True.He is no more or less inclusive than any of the other creeps.
so whites killing Native women is not the issue,,,
The F word is all that is coming out of my mouth. UnF**ing-believable.
Reading the comments made by NY Times readers one can imagine its a nation of reasonably well-read, thoughtful people. But big (huge) money and the propaganda it buys turns it all into a Punch and Judy show.
They also predominantly marry relatives in Egypt, often first cousins. This has negative results for the population.
No, it was voted out decisively on October 19th.
I would suggest to Ms Wente that it is time for a new photo. The one posted must be 25 years old.
Your echo chamber seems to be entirely within your own cranium.
Very well said, Mr. Chretien; and thank you for keeping us out of Iraq
Mark, your first link supports my comment. Your second link does not work. Thanks for coming out. Don't forget to pick up your 'participation ribbon' as you leave.
Where the Conservatives ever ready?
Don't trip on your way out.
Exactly! You make an excellent case why ministers should be selected on merit rather than gender.
While I am generally a fan of the word 'taint', it is a crappy headline.
Sorry. I don't listen to crackpot ideas.
I would think the vast majority of people in Canada below fifty would not know now.
I think the problem is with the media not Leitch. This was one idea out of many policy positions and they accuse her of baiting when they are the ones continually focusing on it.
Godwin's law invoked.
This has been the latest episode in Harper Does Diplomacy. Tune in next month...
The family we sponsored came from a nice little refugee camp too. That's where they ended up after a missile went straight through their apartment about four feet from their child's crib.
so, the fact that sexual assault rates are so high, and convictions so low is just a fiction of the authors imagination?
In which translation?
How much of it goes to our top heavy health care system... top heavy with bloated overcompensated Jabba the Hutt bureaucrats whose job seems to be to obstruct the medical professionals from tending to their patients and patients from receiving care.
The gap between Quebec and Ontario is closing slowly, more so due to Ontario mismanagement than Quebec temporary belt tightening, mostly on the back of the poors. Who cares, the poors don't vote anyway, unlike the elderlies.
Just a crazy, lost white nutcase.
So that encompasses whiny non smokers as well?
Harper gang gets a bump in the polls, and Harper and his chief elf PP snicker behind their sleeves and say, 'Suckers!'
The international press has been less than flattering to Harper and Canada.
That's what happens when the pretty boy doesn't have content: we find out.
Simpson has a degree in history and political science. He is also an expert and very experienced journalist. What is Eric's degree in? If you are going to question someone else's credentials, you must be willing to cite your own.
I can go along with the last two.
Think of all the great restaurants we have... tks to multiculturism diversity
At least you could try to be accurate. In almost all of his selfies he has his shirt on.
The only status that matters is being a Canadian. Remove all other status designations and let us move on as one nation where everyone is treated equally.
So according tho Magee (who shames his famous name) - the victims of The Holocaust deserve to be remembered - but the victims of Mao, Stalin etc do not.
Maybe it keeps happening.
Genitalia, hormones, chromosomes, and internal reproductive anatomy, at least. I've read somewhere that also the brain is physically different but I do not know how and how much.
@Joey ... completely outlawing abortion unrealistic ... legalizing aborting 6 month pregnancy just as insane.
'...the heart has its reasons of which the head does not know.'Ian, while I cannot recall the author, similar to you he said...'The heart can see and understand that which the eyes and mind cannot.'
It is clearly a $haft as well as a shift (the powers that be don't admit $haft, sshhh).
ESPN is losing viewers by the millions - any idea why? I think ur pot sums it up succintly
$ Bilions and decades have been spent on nuclear fusion. Much of this is of interest to nuclear weapons programs so the money pours in. As for any near term hope - nope !
Wait, Harris had an idea? What was it? This should be good.
Very well put, dsds. And their excuse - economic survival of company and individual reporter/columnist - is only that of the concentration camp staff, finally. And yes, the seriousness of the situation warrants that kind of comparison.
Hello ACbis, thank you from writing to us from a planet where a cop was busy 'closing in for the kill shot to the head'.On planet Earth in Ferguson, that never happened, according to black witnesses who testified.
Progressive - well said. If a doctor's heart isn't in it he shouldn't do it - time for him to find another career.
meeting with wynne during the prerouge to get the talking points
Excellent summary of the whole dysfunctional empty-headedness of our present government. Hopefully, much of the nonsense they have tried to impose on the solid foundation of our laws and constitution will be reversible.
Last debate had one teen, one Frenchman, one auntie, and a statesman. It is not difficult to make your choice.
We are allowing the destruction of our own environment right before out eyes and for no less than profit.
Are you insane? White supremacists are the barbarians and we must do everything possible to prevent them from ruining our great society.
Start paying down the debt now, with a 3 per cent rise in the sales tax.
I wonder how 'spankers' work out issues with their subordinates at work?
"unverified" . It wouldn't take a hell of a lot of effort to "verify" these stories. Do reporters (those still working) ever get out of the office anymore ?
What? And set a precedent for this government, Tabatha? Don't hold your breath, dear!
bltn if your point was valid we would buy nothing from China.
Despite the horrific nature of the crimes, the sentence erodes faith in the justice system and should be appealed.
So those three countries would prefer to be ruled from a Brussels where they will have zero influence ?
Yes, and, in this case, that would still be - vote ABC!!
Muslims go back under the microscope, as they should.
Nothing of which you have just said factors into the process that the G.G. Takes into account. Full stop.
All western nations are under the jackboot of political correctness. Things don't make sense because being too PC distorts natural instincts and clear thinking.
Mutually incompatible.
But, here's the thing: in one sense, she did 'leave the U.S. behind'--she's lived in Canada since she was a kid! I suspect having the U.S. citizenship has had it's advantages. Now it doesn't.
Actually free helicopter rides are THE BEST... we simply can't afford them.
That's silly - anybody on the Republican side is 150% better then Hillary.
Harper shut down the media so much that Mark Bourrie wrote a best seller about it called Kill The Messengers: Stephen Harper's Assault on Your Right to Know.
I don't think any so called news organization has the right to print misinformation. Ezra Levant and other's seem to think it's okay to have someone believe something that is just not factual.....
The discrediting of the senate, an institution needed to curb the excesses of ,in this case, the CPC, by Harper's appointees, certainly to history is as important as taxpayer's money.
Yes. There are stories everyday of babies in dumpsters etc. So it is not shocking in the least, to me, that a mother or father could abandon their child. It's more shocking that they didn't take the baby with them. The only human thing they did.
The media - the Enlightenment merely set the stage for the Industrial Revolution. And RPerrin is right - theocratic obfuscation is alive and well - from religious to political nostrums.
Uhm Laureen put in a ten hour day yesterday, stop being a Union liar...
Based on the human rights abuses of the middle east alone, their oil should be banned.
Miller on another hate spree. Never happy.
If he were a federal CPC MP he'd be in the cabinet.
If you're considering the environmental and population angle, keep in mind that second-generation immigrants to Canada will likely adopt Western values (birth control, educated women, working women) and have low birth rates.
Very good article. I already predicted a few months ago that the US will eventually have another civil war.
...needs to lead with anything but another selfie already!
Sean Webb, Your response is one of those 'formula responses' by PR shills, off the PR shill training manual - pretending to ride a high horse.
They're not telling you the truth. Been trying to tell you that since forever.
'Democracy, if necessary. But only as much democracy as necessary.' Sir John A. MacDonald - 1866
One way plane tickets home is a start.
The pro Second Amendment people can STOP Hillary from being in a position to get rid of the Second Amendment by getting out the vote. That's it. I think it is the left that is genuinely sinister and scary.
Sounds like a bunch of deflection from someone within the development/real estate profit machine.
Do not say ' I want a do over'.......In any language Dion is a fool. Trudeau is sounding more and more like Sarah Palin......' I don't read newspapers, if something happens I'm sure someone will tell me'
It beats second past the post.
Do it yourself then....if you dare.
I guess senators shouldn't be appointed on the basis of how much they can fund raise. I hope there is a way that the expenses that benefited the Party can be charged back to the Party.
@gwebb99. lolwut? The single largest source of carbon in Alberta is the O&G sector. Transportation of all kinds (cars, planes, trucks, etc) is second. "Other" is actually 50%, but I don't know what "Other" is.
It's not 'the GM.' It's one columnist.
The Usa is a proxy for the PA and is not a supporter of Israel.
Paul, balderdash
I am sure that they do - however, this is extremely rare.
Is speeding a factor is a significant number of pedestrian deaths? If so, better enforcement of the existing limits would help. Photo radar would be the most cost-effective enforcement approach.
This piece is spot on. Well done. The overwhelming majority self righteously joined the Ford lynch mob and should take this as a proper rebuke.
It wasn't this socialist party that got them into this mess.
Another version has it coming from MacArthur - Roosevelt correspsondence ...Roosevelt stating: Political correctness claims that it is possible to pick up a piece of s h i t by the clean end. I like this one better .-)
How can a Liberal even discuss integrity after Adscam, Shawinnigate and Gas Plants? I guess theft is OK with you guys.
Our son showed signs of behaviour on the autism spectrum right from the beginning. We didn't see any differences whatsoever around the time of his first vaccination.
There, I got it printed.
According to the Leger and Leger poll-which is far more of a snap shot of where people are today than the Nanos poll-he is already plummeting.
I always enjoy rambling stream of conscience diatribes. I mean, you could just say that you hate Trudeau and be done with it, but why use three words when 200 will suffice?
Spell out what you disagree with, it's all obvious and true. Show me different.
Not even close the TFW are hear legally. They come to a job and a place to stay. Many US illegals show up with no prospects of employment and no where to go. But for them that's still better than back home.
258 days and counting without a Clinton press conference...............
Of course they dare. That's what they do. And of course the care - but it's all relative.
No, the new plan needs more forest clearing to make way for corn fed ethanol.
Bombastic, nonsense,and his position was over run by Hezbollah terrorists that were the target.//
That'll teach her for attending one of Ford's corporate lobbying events.
'race-bating'?
This was a good article but for me, this real debate is less about depression and more about permanent mental incapacity. I want to KNOW that when I lose my faculties, permanently, I will be put down.
Keep doing it anyway, and call any accusers out on their foolishness.
agreed, a rare article backed up by informative data rather than knee jerk opinions. We need more like this so that we 'non-experts' can be somewhat informed in matters of public policy, which are always more complex than we want to believe
Stop talking to yourself.
hey J Lee it was leftists having temper tantrums that Harper must have STIMULUS and bail out of auto industry and now you change your tune
Forgot the Judith Curry linkhttp://judithcurry.com/2012/10/21/sunday-mail-again/
has the US ever apologized for anything?
Not with the current government.
A child should not be punishment.
I'm another who believes Harper is in the middle of this, has conveniently gone 'silent', and is being aided by media such as the Globe that is shaping the story around others.
Thanks to oil, NL has been a have province for several years. Just like AB, which was poor until Leduc no. 1. Albertans left to find work elsewhere, until then.
It is indeed a complete mystery how a writer as completely lacking in insight and seemingly incapable of analysing any given situation is in employment as a journalist.
j_wilson: looking at yours, not so sure.
And yet authorities on the issue agree an inquiry is pointless. Other then the sick and disgusting politicians trying to exploit the issue for partisan advantage.
ti:pite: as I was saying about cultural self-loathers.....
Research the term 'taharrush gamea'. Then form your opinion on whether or not you want this migration to enter your community.
GOOD THING THERE IS A LONG WEEKEND COMING UP AND THE LIBS. WILL BE ABLE TO RELAX AND READ CHRETIENS RED BOOK ON ETHICS ETC. AS SEEN BY THE LIBS.
certainly seems like it.
In addition, Harper said 'I will not rob seniors of their income, I will not tax income trust, mark my words.'If he HAD to do it why didn't he say he HAD to do it. Instead he kept up the lie until he was elected and promptly taxed income trusts.
a repeat of your earlier comment... did you know that rather than reduce emissions, Chretien gave money to the cause?
Ontario is experiencing a massive void of leadership across all provincial parties - and in Toronto. We are all to be worried about massive government debt and a failing corporate sector but no one has a plan beyond securing their own future.
Name a conflict du jour in the Middle East that Harper did not want to engage Canada in?
In Canadian football you can score with a punt. It is called a rouge. Sylvia, you may want to be more careful when throwing rocks. But your point about mixing metaphors is appropriate.
Trudeau still has time to learn from Clinton's fundraising mistakesTrudeau is a slow learner.
Solving the problem means the rich lose money. Banks might default, the state will use tax money to bail them out.
Throne speech was full of air. 30 year projections are meaningless.
Uhm. Love it. Really sounds like chasing the opposite sex :)
They're in Chinatown looking for Asian women. NO one wants to date white women any more!
how would you have got the extra staff to the airport? Or would you have hired them at outrageous extra $ per hours just in case? That would be fine when it was publicly owned but as a private company, you gots to max the profits for shareholders.
They don't screen for hatred against coffee drinkers, favouritism towards tea drinkers, wearers of plaid... Plaid is a Canadian value we need to have a conversation about!
What an asinine notion! You really are a paranoid schizophrenic. Get help!
Considering that this is really the only columnist that doesn't fawn over Trudeau in the paper, I find it laughable that you think there are a lot of anti-Trudeau sentiment in the Globe.
Voting for Justin Trudeau will be voting for the status quo
And the 'family'! Don't forget the 'family'!
This Time article alone is reason for disqualifying The Donald: http://time.com/4433880/donald-trump-ties-to-russia/
Where was the song banned?
And the speaker needs to do his job. Mr. Mulcair et al were essentially in 'contempt of Parliament' for physically blocking a member from taking his seat.
If there are no extradition law, Canada will be like Panama of the North. Bring all your money in and let us do the laundry... Where do you think a 19 yrs old student get his $30 million to buy a mansion in Vancouver?
Shutting down and taxing the living crap out of Toronto, Montreal, and Vancouver making them live in caves would be most effective
Well put. Let the market prevail. Let the people who occupy dwellings vote with their pocketbooks as to the kind of dwelling they prefer, rather than be coerced into multi-storey crackerboxes by those who feel they know so much better.
Don't forget the Liberal arsenal and the Liberals allready in jail.
RE: #2. Many would agree that 'sunny days' did not exist here, in Canada, either, until the last election results were in...it's enough, I believe, that CANADIANS believe 'sunny days' are here again.
Kodiak... there still is time to make the midnight Greyhound. Take a sandwich, and use the bathroom before you leave. Have a nice trip and take your time returning.
Bill Gates is high school-only educated too.
We're sort of at that point already.
Wow, there sure are a lot of ugly posts here this morning.
Mine was the first comment. It seems I was right. Citizen 1 is case #1.
It's too bad because the Harper Government, of course, will completely ignore this editorial and has every intention of diminishing the PBO to the point of irrelevance, knowing that it can count on the Globe and Mail's endorsement next election.
Harper's master strategy is NOT: lead a good enough governmen, t to win the hearts and minds of at least 50% of Canadians (instead of the current +- 30%),it is 'Divide the Opposition, and Reign' !
Perhaps that is what you need to open your perspective. I find that science does that for me so that's what I follow. To each, his own.
Nothing has changed.....lol......it's still about the money
One clich? and one peanut gallery grade slur. Why did you even bother?
Unlikely, besides, would you rather wait 2 hours for a taxi after the New Year's Eve party is over or would you rather pay more for a ride when you need it?
Excellent points. And supported by everything I'm reading across the media spectrum. This is the Republicans... 'Careful what you wish for'... coming back to bite them on the keister.
There is no limit to the number of possible expressions. For just one example, (9/(8+1))^n + 4 = 5 for any real n.But perhaps your 8th grader should work harder and retain more knowledge.
Harper is the smartest pr1ck in the room.
'Despite billions in research funding by Obama administration the theory that carbon dioxide is the main driver of global temperatures or changes in climate or weather has not been proven.'100%
JOE had his opportunity in Ontario and re-elected, to a majority no less, the corrupt provincial Liberals. The enemy is us.
you saw his t4
And don't forget violent. Almost one mass shooting per day. Sad.
Some people don't like the truth. What Flanagan is is obvious.
C) Ad-HomAll right, so I don't want to mix with black people?
An op-ed by Chris Alexander?? You've got to be kidding me.I'm not reading the defeated Minister's drivel, I'm just here for the comments... I hope G&M readers don't disappoint. SMH.
Missing from the whole debate was sleaze factor and lack of ethics the PMO has demonstrated repeatedly over the last 4 years. Will we see more of it with the resumption of the Duffy inquiry?
probably both
Gotta give Harper some credit for confronting the bully on the Ukraine though.
Information is power, especially when you have the luxury of being able to, more or less, make up your own facts.
Great post!
Multitasking is another way of saying lack of focus, but the corporate world uses it as a badge of honor. You only have to look at drivers who text or use their cel phones to see the truth of it.
I suggest that babyface JT would do his utmost service to Canada by going back to his part time drama teaching job. The PM's job is no place for weenies. Good article Lysiane and Globe.
WW2 Holocaust - 10 Million plus. Animal holocaust - billions upon billions annually...
Thank you smith288.
Edit last sentence 'he might make the phrase'.Globe, please consider putting in an edit function to your format.
and Miller raised Toronto to a world class city?
He mentioned it once. Perhaps you could define 'continually' for us? LOL
Is private sector cash not available for such a profitable venture?
Fake Name didn't say or allude to anything you've asked about. He/she was rightly calling out the factual error made by the author, and that's all. There didn't appear to be any ulterior motive here.
It's Marxist drivel as you point out. Those 'workers' can all be retrained and become artists!
Harper is selling out Canada and Canadians to globalization. Not that the other two will do anything differently. Not one of them is smart enough to take on the multinationals.
Too many ways to list, beginning with robocalls.
Because then both boys and girls can get shot at equally !
Interning at the PMO?
No one seems able to say just how far one needs to go to make sure young Muslims don't feel "alienated".
400k job losses to 'Free Trade'? I'm sure twice that many were lost to technology as well. Should we burn our elitist tools as well... ie burn the computers and cellphones now? So many jobs coming back with the typewriter.
Bury your head in the sand...
Canada is a cesspool, used to be the nicest country on earth, now it is a cesspool of 3rd world immigrants and parasite politicians that have sold Canadians out to keep power. This place is SH.
There is not one area of Canadian society that Harper is not f***i*g up. Ominous Bills loaded with non-budgetary items, muzzling scientists and screwing up our foreign policy, much at the behest of Israeli interests.
Nope, & this lass was paid $$$ for this piece of... work./ ..
Vitamin D is not a drug. It's not even a vitamin, it's a hormone.
Look at Afghanistan for the answers to your questions. The whole thing is laid out for you to see what will happen 10 years from now.
Sher-e-Hindustan: You want to be the all-knowing, all-powerful censor, eh? Let me try to help. From now on, Sher-e-Hindustan and "the Truth" are the one and the same.
I am suggesting that the massive bureaucracy at all levels of government is a symptom , not the cause of the decline.
whatevergo campaign for a pro palestinian governmentMulcair of NDP has a jewish wife - don't look thereBaby Trudeau is pro israel - don't look therewhere oh where has my anti israel govt gone?
I can read Ford's mind in that photo. He is staring at that owl and dreaming of deep frying the poor bird and then sticking it in a bucket with the rest of his lunch.
'.....Force homosexuality on them'? How odd. If a body can be straight then a body can be homosexual or bisexual etc. Are religious people trying to force their beliefs on others?
Almost? These poor bitter journalists, clinging to their socialist dreams and delusions of adequacy.
Full moon having its effect, hmmm?
Only the 'elites' are interested in the arts. If he was seen in the company of members of the arts community he would risk censure from his 'base'.
montreal - actually the endorsement does mean something. It means that a white supremecist group wants Trump in office.
You voted with short term thinking.
'these sows at the trough'Hey Rob!
JT's sure got you CONs flipping out.
Putin would not give a rodent posterior... In fact he would not even get to know about such act.
Don't like the results....change the channel, even if it goes against the majority of Canadians. That, is the socialist way. Where is Democracy in all this?
Such a basic concept that is never truly understood.
No, only those who say racist or bigoted things are called racists or bigots. And what does 'caving in to minorities' mean?
How are those cartoons "racist"? Last time I looked Islam was not a race. Great Ape is right - the IS cause was advanced by the decision not to publish the cartoons.
Because we all know that God hates unions.
Trying to compare Norway VS Alberta is so full of holes that it is no comparison.
Eric, I'm sure you hear that (maybe even if there's nobody around you), but that doesn't count as a study.
The title in The New York Post was: 'Cowering in The Closet'
Sad but very true.
This article is a facile piece of junk. If you want to think and grope aloud, leave us out of it.
The delay is a result of Gerald Butts worrying how regular Canadians will react if the liberals move forward with the rigging of the next Federal election.
The world changed because big business lobbied to make it so...
This is another Globe and Mail story that casually uses the term 'middle class' without defining it.
The West tolerates China because they are the manufacturer of the world, like they tolerate Saudi Arabia because that country has oil.
thanks for the laugh
A ridiculous comment. When your connections are that good you have no reason to leave no matter what skills or lack thereof you have.
harper also hates women which explains why he didn't attend Flora's funeral.
'Why is Team Russia still welcome in Rio?' Because we want Poutine to get the Zika virus so there won't be any little Poutines running around in the future. I thought I explained this already
MMackinnon, what evidence is there of a clandestine invasion?
weird world, You are talking about the 0.01% - Americans with names like: * Rockefeller * Buffett * Kennedy * Etc. If you (& Reich, Simpson, Martin, etc.) make this perfectly clear to the audience, then no problem.
Watch the video Just4U. It's clear that when Mr. Brown moved left, Mulcair and his picket line moved left. When Brown moved right, Mulcair and his picket line moved right. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ve65W8rIdF4
Exactly, Sylvia. You have been formed by Patrick Martin, the anti-Israel G&M Middle East correspondent. What a pity.
Then waht happens? You wake up?
Poor poor Ontario. I feel for you. What a serious deficit of leadership this province has endured for decades. The spiral downwards continues.
Refreshing article.
Remember the Brexit as the moment when xenophobia won-----LOSTRemember the Brexit as the moment whenleftist progressivenesslax immigrationillegal immigrationdiversityinclusivenesspolitical correctnessall lost
at least being a minority government would keep him on his toes.
Spoken by someone who has truly considered all of the very serious ramifications of this issue...
The R word will be brought up during the campaign by the opposition, and when challenged on the subject she can hardly deny that a referendum on sovereignty is not her goal.
Ever heard of false memory syndrome?
and yet here you are.
Not anti-Russian but certainly anti-Putinista.
I just complained about the scoring system and tismreply should have received a higher + and now it is much lower.
We already have that. It's called the band council.
Maybe you don't know enough non-white people well enough?
//www.youtube.com/watch?v=l1NE5-ekWbA
Even the CCF was only created in 1932. Canada was already over 60 years old at that point.
Stop inventing insane conspiracies
It won't be long and you'll be begging him to come back.
Loan notwithstanding, why would Volkswagen buy Canadian made auto parts if it can source less costly ones from nearby Mexican plants?
Poster MMackinnon believes that we should just pay, keep our mouths shut and wait until the next election to voice our disapproval.
You're thinking too small.
'You won't recognize Canada when I'm through with it' Herr Harper
Men tend to teach older students and maths and sciences. There have been numerous studies showing this and why... they found pretty much all common sense reasoning.
So you know better than a former Conservative ambassador to Israel - arrogant twerp.
The Globe discontinued its false dichotomy contest a while ago, nsman2.
Others have said it better than me: Criticize the bigotry in all cases - that includes the bigotry evidenced in countries that have adopted Sharia law. Don't restrict your criticism to some troglodytes in England.
I'm sure nobody expected any better.
Who are you to say how someone else should live their life? Is anybody telling you How to live yours? Your comment is from a colonization perspective. Decolonization is Is the issue being discussed in this article.
BC voters will get exactly what they want and deserve!
Got polled, eh?
I don't disagree at all with what you say about Attawaskipat or band management in general....but re: DeBeers, my understanding is Ontario gets virtually nothing from that operation, no where near enough to cover costs to the government.
I've never seen such a bunch of psuedo scientific mumbo jumbo in one paragraph in my life....Sounds like you read way too much 'Popular Science'.
re: household wealthonce the housing market corrects a good part of household wealth will evaporatewhat is leftnot much, a 65 cent dollar and oil trying to break 50 bucks
Well, for better or worse, it is the government that make the laws that provide these distinctions.
It is the old 'Yellow Dog' conservative. Often people with nothing to 'conserve'. The Earl Cowans of this world.
Add Justin Trudeau to your 'doofus spawn' list.
You can't be an Albertan ! lol
Maybe you should consolidate the NDP and Liberals. That would solve this problem. They're practically ships passing in the night at this point - I don't see what's so hard about it.
'One cannot really be a Catholic and grown up.' George Orwell
She told the truth as soon as she learned it. This is now the other party trying to create a senate scandal. There's nothing here folks.
Town coffee shops and workplace break rooms also do not represent what is going on in America.
Allowed? Eighty percent of more than 100, 000 voters decided that he should be leader.
Not from you, apparently.
Actually Chris, it would fairly easy for Putin to manufacture 'terrorist incidents' in Sochi to allow him the pretext for even more authoritarian measures. Easy to spin a conspiracy theory without providing evidence, isn't it?
We should not be smug about this. Canada dodged a brown shirted future by getting rid of the Harper Government. In his desperation to be re-elected, Harper appealed to and promoted bigotry.
and what are these Arab states doing for their Palestinian brothers.....nothing!
So you're against presenting a multiplicity of views, Art?
For greater accountability it is logical that the government unit running the service raise the taxes to pay for the service. The fiscal side of health care is broke. Provincial officials should apply the fix. Stop throwing money at it.
ridiculous comment. maybe you should consider testing...
"RRSPs and TFSAs transfer money from taxpayers" DB's are a crap shoot DC have more control over their pensions I'll stop there a bid you a good night since you are keen to go
I love the smell of lefty heads exploding.
read to-days G&M.
You don't seem to be counting the 250, 000 immigrants that Canada took in last year (apart from the over 25,000 refuges taken in) and for many years before that.
Try Marc Garneau or Scott Brison for starters.
Impossible by definition.
Don't insult fence posts - they do serve a useful function .-)
Bush Family Kennedy FamilyUS has its royalty...
Of course it matters hifiman. If a substantial number of the media (both workers and management) were Orthodox Muslims - would you not be concerned? And the number is know - just read some Chomsky, or look it up yourself. It's not hard to find.
I would think the Republicans are doing enough 'feeling.' Someone needs to do some thinking.
Apparently the real question in this election boiled down to something like this, Do you want jobs or transgendered bathrooms?
Indeed. But it's done. And time to start working on Michelle 2020.
And - on the other hand - even if he can explain his energy policies, they may prove to be unwise. Just saying....
What a hoot.
Officemat ...your comment just shows you know just enough law to be dangerous.....your comment has truth, but no accuracy or substance that stands up to proper scrutiny. Stick to being a mat not an arm chair lawyer.
Best. Analogy. Ever. P.S. I'm stealing it.
Read the post and think a little harder, RW.
Democracy is a complex model far too challenging for Donald. He prefers to use insults faced with his limited skills.
Sorry to hear about your cat.
'....Shorten the track to citizenship for immigrants who agree to the same....'Similar programs already exist, and they simply do not work.
$10Million for pandas; $50Million for new ReligiousFreedom Group; $133,000 for 6 weeks Action Plan Ads /////// so much for your fiscally conservative goverment
Justin is the best thing the liberals have going for them? Stop it Margaret.
Harper out? That's OK. The Conservatives have got lots of great players waiting in the wings. https://youtu.be/GMrVeUoXHx8
The rate limiting step is not MD providers. It is politicians, and their minions limiting access to facilities, that is by far the biggest factor preventing access in Canada. Very specifically on the east coast.
Red Neck! That is a horrid thing to say.
I disagree with # 2. Can't really put that on any individual President either way. That is really up to the military/intelligence folks. I don't believe that they tried any harder because Obama was President.
Hey, you forgot about the Canadian planes that Harper sent there - I bet that the Canadians pilots make the Israeli pilots quiver in their boots ;)
I would settle for her resignation from the Senate. Duffy must not be allowed to reach the magic date when he would collect a lifetime golden pension at the expense of the pensioners in Newfoundland and SK.
Seek help for your mental condition. Thanks.
Not lying? Pretty sure that's a value we're all supposed to share. Or is that not a Conservative thing?
sure in a thousand years.
How about, How long will the rest of the worlds patience with China last?
It's the way you make a sport of it that is the most worrying. And you'll never read Naomi Klein's latest, or Thomas Piketty - who quotes Lord Stearn, etc. Just the same grade school logic, over and over.
You drink the original Kool Aid, union made.
THATS IT!!Maggie wasn't fired for plageurism because she is on the Harper Govt payroll as a propaganda agent.
Your citizenship cannot be stripped from you- nor has that happened to anyone in this matter. What's under discussion is voting rights.
talk about living in a dream world.....read the gd editorial.
Yeah, they said the same thing about Louis Pasteur's ideas about germs.
Just to be clear, how did non-voting refugees help win an election?
I just read the above. I am a scientist and this post is just total rubbish from an uneducated neocon moron.
Well now that oil prices are down, he should probably just prorogue parliament. The Christmas break can't come soon enough, eh Harpo?!
Speaking of snotty...
Kudos to Sea to Dee. I may not agree with you on all your points, but as a conservative, at least for the most part, you are being fair and raising the level of debate. You can't say that about most CONs on these boards.
You mean like Stephen Harper, M.A. (Economics)? Nothing like an ad hominem attack when you can't touch what the man said.
I'm not voting for him, but Trudeau and the Liberals will fare well against the increasingly-disturbing Harper government.
I can't take seriously any articles from a guy with a toupee like that. Simpson, you look ridiculous!
What you write, and the words you use, tells the whole world a lot about you.
*sticks wet finger in the wind*Oh look, looks like the Globe has changed direction.
Vancouver isn't a financial centre. The 'banksters' you're talking about don't live in this city. Gangsters and drug deals? Try Abbotsford or Surrey. Nice try, though.
And you entrust that to politicians?!
A-yesB-noC-noD-no
So you call no consensus equally consensus on the matter? That is some pretty twisted logic there.
Ha! Juniors first visit to parliament this year ended up with him asking questions about tricycles. I can't thank you enough liberals for not giving conservatives Garneau.
See Terrance Corcoran s national post article of August 11, 2016 .
Why are you so scared to let the Canadian people have a direct say on exactly what system should be used? Don't trust the Canadian people to vote the way you think they should?
You let this lowlife write anything about anything. Where are the $50,000,000 Tony?
I suppose you will be told that because male judges wear robes at work, they too refuse to adapt to Canadian values and thus their judgment cannot be trusted. 'Ennemies of the country' are everywhere. LOL
Another anti-union rant. Wente should move back to the States, she'd be right at home with the Tea Party nuts.
'nothing'? well, at least Harper is gone.....
Good one !!And they always have the chance to keep country shopping for one that meets their demands, don't they ??
Who would be good candidates to replace her if she resigns?
http://www.express.co.uk/news/weird/683874/Russia-and-China-to-become-supreme-world-leaders-after-Brexit-destroys-EU
Minus 7 don't seem to believe that we should honour the memory of those who fought and sacrificed themselves so that we and the minus 7 could be here today.
Hum, never heard of this guy, sounds a bit warped.
As distasteful as it is to admit, Saddam was the only thing keeping a lid on a simmering vat of ethnic and religious hatred in Iraq. Sometimes the devil you know is better.
Frank - I'd have no problem with you getting the exit seat on the plane without paying any extra for it, even getting priority for it. But if you take up half my seat, that's not discrimination, that's just rude.
You are communicating your fear and frustration. That, we all must do to preserve our humanity and sanity.
Smds37 All of your concerns already have been debunked in the scientific literature, several times. The scary stories come from models, not data. Check it out.
....and god gave them 4 horses with the riders to suit....
'Globe Editorial: First Take'====='First take'?I wonder what the Globe simpletons imagine themselves to be conveying with that nonsense.
Perhaps her agenda is that she thinks that things are bad in France. Ask all the French ex-pats who have moved to Canada (of all religious persuasions) how things are in France.
Considering that 5% of Canadians watch CBC, I guess by your logic (snort), only 5% of the Canadian population is 'educated'.
Canada1 is another Kremlin troll that posts agitprop on every Russia related article in the G&M.
FLA and OH already have, PEN is 50/50 split... more like 42/41.9 splitin all states, there is a 20% hidden vote that isn't telling pollsters which way they are going to vote. Who do you think they would vote for?
And where are the Toronto streetcars? The serious delay is not the fault of Pratt & Whitney.
What you've just said is the Quebecers are against the Liberal Party of Canada. But your points above only lend weight to why they would vote for Harper.
It's NOT 'free!'... somebody is paying for it.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
oh, good grief. how many kilometres of pipeline were approved in the last ten years? let me make that easier for you: how many millietres of pipeline were approved in the last decade?
Well said! Just read my screen name to see how I feel on the subject.
What ARE they saying then? Enlighten us, Mr. Comprehension.
Trudeau was not a career politician.
Thank you, professor. Your points really, really need saying.
Yes, The Tyee and National Observer offer a lot more insight and real investigative journalism. The G&M is way to the right of most Canadians.
Ezra has a BComm and is a lawyer, author, and journalist. Rick Mercer couldn't handle the intellectual rigours of grade 10.
But, Donald Trump is another rich guy (like the others running the Republican Party), who is pandering to the lower middle class. And they love him! Where is the logic in that?
Actually, you couldn't be more wrong. Good night.
Churchill was also a military failure. His meddling in campaigns hurt the British forces. However he did give great inspiring speeches which rallied the western allies.
Picky, picky, picky.
Dude, it's all politics. Canada will admit at most 2500 of these refugees no matter who forms the next government.
Political parties are not doctrinal. They are expedient and opportunistic. They attract unintelligent people of low morals and limited opportunities. And that is why democracy does not work.
Harper Derangement Syndrome. That angry old white guy Earl has a particularly foul case of this particular disease.
You may want to re-read the article and comment on the topic.
Apparently Mexican illegal immigration to the U.S. has stalled and in fact reversed as the economy has soured. Word of the not-so-great Canadian economy is also a factor in this case.
He's a clich? alright.
Which is exactly what some Islamic fundamentalists want....
It's no myth. Not only do they get paid quite well in Alberta but they are paid as 'independent contractors'-------------------------Ah. Not all tradespeople live in Alberta. That probably surprises you, though.
Spoken like a true Islamosupremisist.
""cheques" and balances within US government". You got that right. Freudian slip?
Wishful thinking ...
You may want to get out of your armchair and on a bike. Sounds like you need some exercise, and to get out and see what is actually happening in the city.
Exactly !The matter with most studies is that they focus on only one single variable - and then the celebrity propaganda takes over ....We are omnivores by evolution - eat anything, just not too much !
You were at Davos with Harper then. Not much came out of those meetings...
The new leader is unlikely to survive a loss in 2019. The Conservatives have a sad tradition of eating their young. Lose in 2019 and out the door..
This is supposed to have happened 21 years ago, and Trump is still very wealthy today, and has quite a few successful businesses, which employ a lot of people. Therefore, yes, overall he is obviously a successful businessman.
Believe me most of the councilors in Toronto are Leftists and among them there are a few uneducated knuckle draggers and many who are just civil servants who have been at the trough for years. They would be described just the same.
In anticipation of a Trudeau win, the polls are starting to look rather interesting.
Two wrongs don't make a right. The Tories were wrong with the fair elections act and the Liberals are wrong here.
As a South Korean citizen, this doesn't sound good. Why is Trump cancelling the historic summit?
You should get your facts straight. Hamas won the election in 2006 -- that's how they came to power in Gaza.
Konrad isn't going to get an invitation to the inauguration of anyone even if it's held in Wilno or Barry's Bay!
Don't blame me, I didn't vote for Wynne.
ever heard of sarcasm?
No, it isn't 'simply the invisible hand of the market at work.'. The reason we don't have labour mobility in Canada is because government benefits remove incentive to seek work elsewhere.
Quite right. There has been an obvious attempt to link Remembrance Day (and the poppy) with support for the current CF and the policies of the GOC.
Gay rights are more than marriage. But yes, if you are against gay marriage, you're a bigot. And you are a bigot. Roskell.
You must work for Harper! He's all about shifting the tax burden and the blame onto the Provinces.
turkey - yes, you are.
Mr. Bob Rae, please give us an idea how to do this? Yes this idea is good for an academic talk but could you just inspire us on how to give it a reality check? Thanks.
Democracy is not mob rule. Mob rule is called ochlocracy.
Either that, or give in to Wynne's demands so she can keep her $29B infrastructure promise in Ontario.
Whats next for third Party Grumpy RUMP Liberals??? - Siding with Middle Eastern despots...
Yes, I'm quite sure Bill has heard enough and many times before..... Actually, I have to congratulate him for putting up with the pant suit lady..... Imagine trying to live with that....!
Sexist article.'It's not that men object to women who make good money; they just don't want their wives making more than they do.' Is this a fact?'The fragile male ego.' Is this a fact? As a male am I offended, nah, I just dislike the hypocrisy.
You have no way of knowing that she is going to be indicted. Pure speculation at this point.
So we had good governance in the past ? You need to get out more.
How dare you bring reason into the conversation!
They never do. The Globe is the go-to shill for the arrogant, but misguided and delusional, 'progressives'. One must read around for a truly balanced perspective.
"which kicks in after sick leave is exhausted" Read what you wrote there, Poog. The average gets skewed because people with cancer have to burn through all their sick days before qualifying for LTD.
Why? Because they are smug idiots.
NoinradClearly you are a 'believer', and no amount of adverse data will change your mind. You are the little kid with fingers in ears saying la la la can't hear you!
Newsflash, Southey... Trump fans don't need trigger warnings. They're adults.
Well then stay under your rock.
And the Manning Institute is nonpartisan and has charitable status? But bird watchers who questioned government policy were subject to audit under the previous government.
Russia is one of the slimier powers on earth. Don't get me started
Good point... I think this article is about the Canadian part..
and Pierre was a fool
Do those Canadians living abroad PAY TAXES to Canada? income tax? sales tax?
good practical solution
Cry for us all, Argentina.
An article from Martin to cast doubt and insult the conservatives. Wouldn't you be better served drooling over Trudeaus shoes?
Yeah, I can just imagine: 'Well hellooo, ladies..... I'm just back from my second tour of duty in Grade 12. My Dad's rich.... Wanna go furniture shopping?'
Little rich given that the Libs appointed Alfonso Gagliano as Ambassador to Denmark and uncle Jean gave the Washington job to his nephew.
Same as Pierre Trudeau and Jean Chretien were just visiting and did nothing to restore it?
Oh, man - you certainly did do well in picking your avatar, reacher.
Good God. Can you imagine Justin wielding that much power? I shudder to think. Trudeau Junior - nowhere near ready for prime time.
Sorry but this is the CONSERVATIVE nanny state; it the cons who are throwing up barriers all over the place.. not unions! Also Wynne has appeared quite amenable to selling pot in liquer stores.
PM Harper has only one goal in the Mideast, to ensure the security of the state of Israel.
Journalists are never impartial in their role as columnists who write opinion pieces. Only reporters need to have a neutral approach. Ms Wente was hired to express her opinions and get a reaction from readers like you and me.
ndear: You beat me to it. Exactly!
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
When did news morph from real news to reporting on peoples comments? If the manager made the team wear dresses, then that would have been a story!
Truth didn't want to touch this comment after all the others. I wonder why.
Hilary destabilized crabs ?
Send the Boy Scouts!
They have been winning because there are enough Ford Nation type simpleton voters who don't have critical thinking abilities.
There was another highly regarded former Harper cabinet minister, his name was Jim Prentice, and we all know what happened to him.
I'm sorry, I can barely read my G&M because the light from my CFL bulb is too weak...
It's too bad condescending wasn't one of the choices. Clark is an elitist without any elite qualities. Opportunist politician and talk show host don't make the grade.
Another way to look at is - Harper is constantly touted as the smartest man in the room. Perhaps to ensure that is true and to feed his ego - Harper surrounds himself with over eager imbeciles.
Yes, they are as unsuccessful as a people as Arabs and North Africans are successful.
With a system such as I suggested above there would not be a need for any public funded group to strike. Whether it be teachers or doctors.
The aptly named Butt 's only defense is this was what Kim Jon Harpers PMO short panthers told him to say or that his surname is in fact not a surname, but a descriptive term.
Many people think this, and they often have different groups of vested interests in mind.
'Coal-fired electricity is the biggest source of climate change. 'Wrong, the biggest source of climate change is the variability of the earth's orbit around the sun. Coal on the other hand, will save the world.
Day cares should rent out their kids to childless couples for a test drive. After spending 8 hours with a kid, most couples would change their tune.
Sorry, By resorting to 'Reductio ad Hitlerum' your opinion is rendered irrelevant.
Do that, and it will be pointed at as justification for more terrorism: 'the West is interfering again, the West has declared war on Islam, even in its birthplace!'
Grow up pinko!
Where does Harper say ' he loathes climate change ' , do you have a source for that ?
Five hundred or so more words of puerile insults won't change anything. But Renzetti keeps at it.
very well said .....
I would believe that he is against it. I am hoping that he will deal with it and that many, many bishops and priests will be asked to leave (or retire) and then I hope that they are arrested and tried and jailed. Let's watch him. Let's pray for him.
Politicians still need votes. They are getting in because by and large I think the general population is not paying attention to what's going on in politics so they vote for whomever has the flashiest ad, biggest smile, nicest hair etc...
the NEB approved it...junior wont sign it
Your diaper is leaking.
And how many 'you knows'??
A lady body? Is that like a feminist?
Trump was surging even without the F.B.I. Announcement.
Actually, one of the more lucid of them.
You're both focused on the past.
Remind me again which leader foregoes most meetings with journalists, has thrown more people under the bus than any I can count, dismissed the auditors that displeased him and has been in power since 2006?
This article is supposed to be funny??? Is it supposed to be satire??? Or, just silly?
Maybe we would not get so much from the Mid-East, then we would not have to pay so much for gas in Canada.
And cut the 'class hatred'.
Yes, the girls thought the points were important. That's why the coach (assuming it's an adult) should have said "No, you stay."
I'm going to my safe place now!
I was trying to be kind, but it has definitely gotten much much worse recently.
All of the polls are meaningless unless Canadians are informed of the facts - they are not. It's kind of sick that the press lies to the public and then cites poll results as a call to action.
He definitely kicked the assisted suicide bill down the road for the next government to handle.
Well, just a bit. Ford knows how to be a populist. Steve plays a bit, but has the charisma of a scorpion. (Sorry, entomologists! I'm sure scorpions have a fan base.)
Duke - for heaven's sake will you stop with the gratuitous and juvenile digs at Trudeau? You make any comment worthless with your disrespect. Make your comment and the get out. People will respect what you have to say.
This is not an entry level position for Junior 'Sarah Palin' Trudeau. Clearly in over his head.
Please do not share facts. Right-wingers are uninterested. Although you can focus on his wig or how he is junior George W Bush. THAT they dot on.
What? You mean all these businesses now have to resort to stuffing my MAILBOX instead of my INBOX?
The writer should be particularly proud of her fan base.
Wait, somehow you are able to shoehorn climate change into all of that nonsense? **facepalm**
Blah, Blah, Blah, Blah' ........ more con-servitude smoke!
Solution is very simple.... Head over to a real charity where they actually help people and are very efficient. The Sally Ann. Incompetent charities like Goodwill need to disappear as they hurt the poor they do not help them.
Why is it that when costs go up, retailers raise prices, and now that credit card fees go down, they will not pass the savings on to us?
Not surprising. He's conservative and not too bright. But.....Minister of Justice? Yikes!! Scary.
Pharmacists can advise people on medication.
If Trudeau is the face of the past, I am curious to know who is the face of the future.
Conservatives don't believe in ideas, so the corporate media protects them from competition by undermining and misrepresenting the ideas of the other parties.
You have to admit, waiting to see just what kind of idiotic crap the duh-niers come up with is pretty entertaining.
You just made that up. The ice in the Antarctic is increasing, not decreasing. Very little net change overall. For the last more than 15 years, temperatures have oscillated up and down without a clear overall trend.
Not The Alliance - That sir, is a slur on the memory of Guy Fawkes.
It was often like a pre-written play with the Conservatives reading from their prepared scripts. Complete contempt of the parliamentary process. Shameful!
Barrista is a respectable profession too.
To joe cool-- He was only referring to Steven Harper's inept government.
Long long before the Jesus fantasy, ancient man marked the shortest day of the year and the return of the sun with festivities. Christianity took that even more ancient belief and mixed it with their belief system. No harm no foul.
I guess the cleaner air you get to breathe thanks to the 'enviro-fascists' you criticize would be an unfortunate, unintended consequence.
Did you bother to even sober up before typing this johnny - I expect you are one of those drunk in your apartment lying in your own vomit (ok I added that but likely true).
Absolutety that is key
What about the $1.2 billion 3 day G20 summit? You agree with that ego driven expenditure? Same price as the gas scandal and equally as bad.
yesthe last honest conservativeif we can find one
Interesting that you position yourself, politically, based on beer prices. Hey, next time you need surgery, pop across the border and get it there.
wow PC retro assessment of the people who actully made something of this piece of land... You are so good, there is a cookie for you somewhere...
Its comments like this that makes your grade one teacher very mad and kicks you kids off the computer your lack luster comments make it hard for the oyher kids to make comments
Wow Trudeau allready approved more Energy projectsthen the Closet Dweller got approved in almost ten years! The most Harper approved was a lemonade stand. :-)No 'Brain'ers .......don't take no for an answer!
yes he haspanda bears at Toronto zooin native headdressin boxing gym in Brooklyndoing push ups with athletesexplaining quantum stuff
You display real concern for the people of the Sahel, TDR, by not bothering to explore even the rate of desertification, and a rhetorical juvenility.
Earlier this summer Happer came out with this gem in an interview: 'The demonization of carbon dioxide is just like the demonization of the poor Jews under Hitler.'Sadly, there is no cure for emerititus.
Looks like a perfect candidate for Harper's next Senate appointment - out with Duff, in with the Ford(s).
This was signaled weeks ago. When it was indicated which counties had agreed to negotiate for Syrian peace Canada was not mentioned.
My point exactly. It doesn't matter where you put a refinery if you still have to ship it somewhere in a pipeline.
Perhaps we should share the same concern for the plight of native people in Canada as many of their own chiefs who are pulling in 6 (and sometimes 7) digit tax-free salaries for themselves?
Funny most of those ardently defending the Wheat Board where from the Eastern provinces where it didn't apply.
The only good news is that the NDP would be limited to one term as (a) Albertans learn the reality of socialism and (b) the Wildrose and PCs would merge.
'Worse yet, the government stacked the panel with opponents of assisted death, showing contempt not only for the landmark ruling, but for the process of law-making more generally.'-----------------Beyond 'pathetic', NR. Amoral.
Let us hope that the first casualty of the coming war will be the western mainstream media.
Vegetarian haggis does exist. We bought some as a Burns' Day joke for a Scottish vegetarian friend, and he says it is actually very good.
Yes vote for Ford. The Lefties want to turn Toronto into another Detroit.
Excellent piece. Too bad much of the Eastern and US-based media will ignore anything that doesn't fit with their preferred narrative of the oilsands as the root of all environmental evil.
If Harper does use the Notwithstanding Clause, then he is acting within the authority of the Constitution. Unlike the SCC which has lately acted outside of its mandate.
He has been watching movies from the forties.
Apologies: you're a columnist, not a journalist. I'm told there is a world of difference.
Who exactly was hiding in closets?
"You can easily purchase magazines that increase its capacity from 30 to 100 rounds..." Really? Where can these be purchased?
'Really I cant blame the liberal party. We get what we voted in and Hudak's fault for running such a foolish campaign. '....took the words out of my mouth!
It's "selfish" to try to support oneself through work??? And ask that others do the same?
A very tiny minded, narrow and immature view of the economic scene. Most folks outgrow this 'simple' view quite quickly as they mature and take their place in the workplace. More time needed here.
Why do you insist on trivializing the harm done to these teenage boys?
Remarkably, and counter to what Flanagan states, at least in the comments pages here most of the anti-fluoride folks seem to be rabid, don't-touch-my-body libertarians....Maybe the Globe also 'has a special audience.'
The euthanasia nuts are gonna be out to get you. Kill, kill, kill,. that's their moral code. And the richer you are, the more it's gonna be like the night of the zombies. Oops, sorry, just slid down that slippery slope for a sec.
They don't have blockades all around either.
Didn't you see? she wants to follow Presto mannngs suggestions. Reform forever!! Evidently..Presto is running around Canada opening up conservative think tanks and university programs. He is just overflowing with ideas.
You just don't get it...Harper could be charged and convicted of election fraud and just like windup toys who go in a different direction when they hit the wall they'd still vote conservative
Google "chimeric hermaphrodites"... There are many people born with XX and XY chromosomes who often present both male and female sexual organs. Do your research before making completely uninformed and false statements.
Well if you would pay to see someone executed on live TV there is a group of people you would get along with. Here's a link to help you: JOINISIS. com
People may yet get to experience how bad it could be.
Harper has flip-flopped a million times when it comes to the Senate. That is someone we should definitely not trust for next election.
Trump is a liar and a sociopath and we have no place for this in this country.
Your opinion is wrong. Being Canadian means having citizenship. Period. Anything else is just a laundry list of the kind of people you like.
As if you would know, Cabo.
Harper might not be warm and fuzzy, but he has done very well for this country and to even consider replacing him with either Mulcair or Trudeau makes me sick and scared.
Bill 101 preceded the Charter.
Jeffrey Simpson writes "These ads, of course, are dishonest, misleading and nasty - which is what Canadians have come to expect from the Conservative Party."Harper's preference for deceit is why he is unfit to govern.
Yes, but he'll cause major damage in the meantime, like his daddy...
PET is about the only PM that most foreigners have heard of. It's no compliment because it's mainly because of Margaret's behaviour.
Trudeau has been and MP for several years, winning in a riding that was a Bloc riding. He is far more tested than Harper ever was, so you just keep spinning your rubbish and we will keep ignoring it.
Does that logic not hold true for other entertainment venues? Are you saying we should get rid of the Leafs to spare families some discretionary spending?
Go ahead and wear the shirt. I'm not offended. Why should you be offended if I wear something I identify with, whether it's a religion or a sports team?
The bags they wear over their heads have nothing to do with the Koran, they are just part of a cult that demands it or they will be in danger from the men who control them.
If you have a $150K family income, why should you compete for a daycare space for a low-income single parent?
thus proving ISRAEL is one of the great democracies of the worlda gem in the Middle East
It's disgusting and appalling people in Canada are being treated like this by their police forces. The police who employ these fascist tactics can kindly GFT.
That sounds like a disaster to implement and enforce. I hope they end up going with a small, dedicated sales tax.
I guess this means Vlad wont sign on to Kyoto 2.0 next year.
But unemployment is quite low, so what's going on?
Was it as much of an outrage to you when the Libbies were in power with similar percentages of electoral support? I didn't think so.
'The Hysterics won't have Harper to kick around any more'Konrad you nailed it. Stephen ... Canada's very own Richard Nixon!! thanks!
'Running'? I think 'ruining' is the word you are looking for..
97% want Canadian values respected by immigrants. Apparently the other 3% work in media.
the link to the story above... www.al-monitor.com/pulse/originals/2015/10/turkey-mob-violence-against-kurds-who-is-behind.htmlbetween the nationalists and the islamists. the good people of turkey are powerless
Thomas- do you ever assess articles based on their merits or are your comments simply a knee jerk reaction to the name of the columnist? If the latter you must be able to do better than 'does't have a clue'By the way that should be 'D'Arcy'
Please continue living in your bucket, that is the best place for people whose eyes remain closed to other cultures.
It's so true. I think it was Jack Nicholson who said that you are f##ked by the circumstances of your birth. There is no better than the Trudeau family. PET was a disaster as a PM and Junior looks to be even worse.
If we could only listen to each other respectfully without getting each others backs up, progress could be made in solving difficult challenges facing this country. True collaboration.
No worries, this should seal the PC's fate. No Toronto newspaper tells Baby how to vote.
how about: "let all of us experience in our own unique ways"
The only value vets have to this government are photo ops. Other than that, they could care less.
Which 'historical national identity'?
Couldn't agree with you more
Good to see Tom back on track. Stick with topics you know well.
It's not incredible. It's today's Globe. No longer a "hard news" paper. The past editors are spinning in their graves.
In comparison to AIDS, with Ebola, if you are asymptomatic, you won't be spreading it.If you are symptomatic, it's pretty likely that aren't having sex, with anyone.
That's right loss of community and loss of social cohesion, and thus negative impacts on Canadian health and productivity, because of too much immigration. Immigration has its negative aspects.
Very silly.
Has anyone else noticed that the quality of the G&M editorials is becoming rather laughably bad? Obviously flawed, poorly written pieces that won't hold together under the lightest of inspections or thought.
Can you please expand on your situation a little?
Stasi Steve thinks our civil liberties are just so much 'red tape'.
How about a history lesson. Nice to know Ukraine has taken time out to honor the achievements of its past. Glory to Ukraine! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H5DSH2EqZ54
Why is this here?
Are those the only 5 words that you know? You have typed the same thing over and over and over on these comment boards - why?
You really have no idea ....
Sociopathy is often clothed in banality. The same has been said of authoritarianism.
American pols use culture as wedge issues to divide, raise money, and stay in power. That's what culture wars means. The whole piece is a descriptor of how that is occurring (mostly among the Dems).Deal with it..
Yes. The Japanese are killing whales 'for science,'
Precisely. Look at George Cloony. Men age like fine wine.
No the Middle East is worst. US allies put gays to death, Russia has a law against literature.
Well if you are satisfied with the quality of journalism generally covering Presidential politics - shame on you. Check out economist Paul Krugman's op- eds in the NY Times for much better insights than Wente's
"Writing" about anything is a trivial accomplishment ! What is the solution and what are YOU ( and the writer ) doing about it ?!
Hey jewels, both happy,,, yup,,,,as we used to say in Quebec, you hit the head on the nail
Agree completely Ten Cents. People who immigrate here should respect our customs, values & traditions and should not try to change our way of life.
What crime? Selling a video from your own camera is not a crime, might be a civil matter if you sold other person's copyrighted material.
Alaska is the least religious state in the USA.
In the secular West we no longer appreciate the force of religious belief and indoctrination .... and the madrassa based education systems of the ME may be the biggest danger to peaceful coexistence.
There are lots of other deadly diseases that some parents are refusing as well.
it was his economic policies that killed him,
If this idea actually goes ahead, you can kissany chance of the LCBO going private goodbye. No wonder the employees union loves the plan.
The only thing uniting the Arabs is their hate for you. Do you want Canada to have the demographics of France or the UK? It may already be too late.
Forgot this gem from Cole Porter:'If you'd be just so sweet, and only meet your fate, dearIt would be the great event of 1928, dear Let's misbehave'All in the interpretation, but it would seem 'date-rape' culture was ok in music in the '20s.
Gadabout: For someone who advocates the liberal use of cannabis and who probably uses cannabis liberally, you always seem to be in a bad mood and uptight. I thought that cannabis was supposed to help you relax.
Had Zimmerman not been armed he probably would have severely beaten and left unconscious in the rain, Trayvon Martin got what he deserved.
Quite the statement!
I wonder if the G&M will do an article on the female porn of the romance novel and Fifty Shades of Grey.
The babydaddies are too absorbed in their own bro-culture.
Being 'the poet of his [Baby Boomer] generation' is nothing to be proud of. A shameless choice by the Nobel Committee to appeal to hippies whose time is long past. We need to start awarding a No-bull Prize in Canada to counteract this Swedich lunacy.
As long as he/she speaks French very well.
Consider the source.
How about this... the longer RF keeps silence the more it seems The Star and Gawker have made an attempt to discredit the mayor. Maybe this time (a first I'll admit) RF doesn't want to get it another school-yard fight.
Or, in the realm of the idiotological partisanship we see here on a regular basis:'You are a cat hater, therefore you mist be a dog lover.'
Wow. It would be interesting to live in the parallel universe of which you speak.
I have no worries that anyone is overestimating yours.
You are rude, maybe you are the troll.
Please. Give us a dreadlocks and a blunt photo-op Steve-O. ?One love, one heart, one destiny.?
50+1 is the base in democracy! This is it! London show the way. Canada behave like a banana republic.
Exactly which of the humanities would you remove from the university curriculum?
It sounds like you are not aware that these are urban refugees not camp refugees. And in either case if 13 degrees is a problem then isn't -10 going to be an even bigger problem?
Jesus Mary and Joseph , I think of them all the time. Try to not think of Jesus for ten minutes.
I dont see it resolving itself in this conversation, maybe we should ask a psychiatrist and then get back to it after we know more about the medical alternatives. For now I think we should just all agree to disagree.
Another point, the ice ages have been linked to planet orbit around the sun.
Sharp, you consider voting strategically something that is under-handed and sleazy?!?!You do know there is this thing called Parliamentary democracy, right?
The first language of a majority of Canadians is English. Putting English and French on the same level for 'language skills' is divorced from reality.
why should I care what the catholic dinosaurs have to say? just one good reason please
good observations!
if i was you i'd keep that to myself
Right on, and this comes down to the wealth of the citizens, the level of taxation, the amount of red tape, the willingness to take risks, the depth of the equity markets.
Please check you info here - http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2016/03/31/sports/soccer/us-women-soccer-wage.htmlAs the senior USWNT earn min of $72,000
Glen, a 'cosmic tory' would at least not promote confusion about class-identity, as this article is clearly doing. At least Marie Antionette was honest.
Yes, look at the morality in the old black and white movies, compared to today's hollywood depravity of promiscuity, porn, p!mps, and the glorification of violence.
You keep saying 'ever increasing rate', multilis- that's not true.
ignorance is bliss...
One cannot but disagree with your agreement. Sorry Gibby.
Exactly. I know there's a cost associated with that since the ponzi scheme ends, but better to pay that now.
No, you just don't know the difference between a watermelon and a squash.
One seal clapping for another.
If the people in Vancouver don't like pipelines, we could stop shipping them oil and gas. Imagine all the room on Lion's Gate Bridge for bicycles once the cars are gone!
It did? You do know Bush was already in office when 9/11 occurred, right?
I'm guessing that Robert plourde is from Quebec, where editorials in La Presse and Le Devoir are customarily signed. Not done in the rest of the country, but not a bad idea.
You're confused... the 'team' you referenced was the previous administration.
AAAAAND he can blame the Liberals! Because the repatriation was a Liberal initiative, through and through!! It's perfect!
Dress codes are a great equalizer, reducing the pressure on young women to compete based on provocative and sexualized clothing.
union is picking up the tab except for the police escort to and from Forcillo's home
Parsons: Why in the world do you bother post when you have nothing to say?
The whole world wants cultural Marxism
imply......imply....
Please tell us what it is about Margaret that would make half of Justin a lesser being.
That easy, eh? What an idiot.
Secular society? You're having a laugh.
Not at all what was said. Think, "A rising tide lifts all boats."
For LM, this is more of a lament than a critical thought.
Trigger warning: even with the breathtaking collusion of the MSN, you and your SJW industry lost big, accept it and move on.
Why not a war on the alarmists?
skyofblue: I suggest you look up "Apostates", and investigate whether any particular religious group advocates killing them
Absolutely . The G&M is pathetic . One can only wondered just how bad a Tory candidate has to be before they refuse to endorse him . The G&M acts like the Family Compact from our not so glorious past .
Very na?ve, I'm afraid.
If there is no crime, live and let live. There is already so much antagonism between religions and cultures, why add more?
Shaun's one who supports everything Saunders writes. In their view, disagreeing with Canadian immigration policy makes one a racist.
Thanks for your view. The overwhelming majority of climate scientists disagree.
A side-effect of not teaching human history in schools - because of their ignorance folks accept the pop culture's music and movies that tell them only caucasians are mean.
Here Norm.. your "settled science" trying to rationalize their beliefs over the evidence: Updated list of 66 excuses for the 18-26 year 'pause' in global warming http://hockeyschtick.blogspot.com/2014/11/updated-list-of-64-excuses-for-18-26.html
And it's all registered and contributions are limited by law. Unlike the union ads that outspent everyone else and was completely uncontrolled. Fortunately they are limited as to what they can spend in a Federal election
Tormaine Faith in the context of this article means a "belief founded on authority" so your comment has no relevancy here.
I'm sure bear-baiting employed many people in the Tudor as well.
He's a robot spouting out his pre-programmed responses, and they clearly didn't upgrade his program prior to the debate. All the same lies, all the time.
Did the liberal party write this?
Jozef Conrad 23 hours agoOne would expect that an article relating to Sharon's legacy would be written by a non-Israeli (to avoid bias) ... -----maybe written by an ARAB - no biasor a naive leftists in the west - no biassarcasm
The following question should be put to the Harperoids (preferably the Glorious Leader Himself):Should the vaccination of children be left to the discretion of their parents? The answer should inform you as to their fitness to serve the public.
Ford should be more properly associated to nuisances like the stuff horses leave behind them in the street. There is no need to mention him in a story about Bouchard.
Which will result in the classic shrug and a response of looking for a 'root cause' thateven he knows is bogus.
It certainly used to be the voice of reason. Often Tory, sometimes Red Tory. Now with left-leaning management its turned into a terribly unbalanced left-wing paper.
Except theyre not refugees - the Washington Post article from 2013 has published a correction and is in accordance with the HuffPost article. The Tsarnaevs were granted asylum, not refugee status. The original claim still stands.
Yes, watching the descent into tribal insanity will be so entertaining!
In the referendum of Scotland leaving all the young people were out voting!
So now Harper is at fault if Quebec separates? Why not? The left has blamed him for everything else from global warming to the dying bees. In fact, Rene's sovereignty association is the only thing that will save Canada if peacefully arrived at.
Even Nikita's little girl knows what a fascist Putin is.
This article is rambling and indecipherable.
Go to Justin... that's what Red Tories do.
Another High Priest wannabe of the Church of Man-made Climate Change preaching fire and brimstone.
Before a nation wildly spends abroad. it should bring its own house in order. Unfortunately too many nations have lost their own people well-being in the light of political correctness....
To shaunnarine!. Well, the club of Arab dictatorships actively discriminates against anybody who is not Sunni. Ask a Coptic Christian how much they enjoy democracy in Egypt.
Great Editorial - anyone want to start the group Parents Against Paranoia? We are on the brink of creating fearful, dependent kids. We should strive for resilient, happy kids. Why parents so scared of that?
Precisely why we need more main line pipelines.
So you claim that on becoming on Canadian citizen you relinquish all obligations to be a good citizen?
Next year he can book passage on the Sliverseas cruise ship as it does a Northwest Passage cruise and save taxpayers money.
I think that he has been princely rewarded for his contribution already. It's not like there would be no other takers for the job if it were advertised.
And the Americans are not very nice people either
You've posted that link 13 times since Saturday. Now it's spam.
@showmecanuck Note: A cancer patient gets a thumbs down hereabouts - without explanation. Or is that just another "alarmist Chicken Little" contribution in your childish parlance.
. . . then you really don't want children. If you did, you would figure it out without have the government provide it for you.
Sometimes, closing comments is the only way to deal with uneducated, insulting trolls. Some media outlets have simply shutdown all of their comment boards for that reason. It is a well-recognised problem.
I have not read one comment that refers to a particular race or religion so it is you who is race and bigotry baiting.
Apologist.
THey are counted by hand by government employees, not by pc volunteers, computers or pc party employees so you have no point.
Of course the TCDSB is not having any comments on report cards this time around.'Work to rule'- so parents will have to talk to the teachers. Maybe a good thing?
Ah yes, the liberal architects of the oil war in Afghanistan, security certificates, Maher Arar, torture, rendition, etc... How nice, they have something to say on how not to do it.
they actually are taking the free out of freedom on a daily basis. Down with the Nanny-State!
Somewhere, Ayn Rand is proud.
I wouldn't bet on it.
You are expecting investigative journalism ... good luck ...
Sure sounds ...hmm...what"s the word? Oh, yeah: elitist. Doesn't it?
It's so sad that everyday, ordinary, self-identified, 'hard working' taxpayers are being subject to mild disruptions ... not really. I've seen 'hard working' taxpayers at work. Hard at work making excuses ... more the rule than the exception.
'I turned out fine.' Ahh, yes, another objective view...
You should be scared of Mrs Arab and her followers. She is not only Socialist but dishonest.
like Brian Mulroney's leap of faith deals?
They have been educated not to expect any adverse consequences from their actions - or lack thereof !
Aging rock star and NRA board member Ted Nugent called President Obama a ?subhuman mongrel? in a interview at a hunting and outdoor trade show in Las Vegas. Obama did not react to this insult. Nugent campaigned for Trump
Harper thanks you for not voting.
you had better leave then
I like to see you in about 60 years when you sit in a wheelchair Maybe then you can buy yourself another snowboard or play game of hockey. LOL
Why don't you go, Ibbitson?
Those Gazans on TV dependent on welfare look very well fed from all the cheap food provided by Israel, the USA and the UN.
Is there not resentment among the unmarried men toward the older generation who created this problem?
An opinion columnist without their own opinion - how ironic.
Yep, phosphor is the primary ag. killer.
Oh the conservatives are literally in knots: the people of Canada have spoken and swept you out of power federally and in the AB heartland. That was populism in action!
Meanwhile in another article you complain the USA is as crime and poverty stricken as a third world Latin country. Make up your mind and stop contradicting yourself. You obviously have a ridiculous anti-USA bias.
i know of someone you should meet :-)
I am happy the community allows dissenting voices. I wouldn't subscribe here if all dissenting voices were banned like in other pathetic groups I've been in.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but don't you mean 'Neo-conservatism'?
There's still a lot of Canadians who don't want this gravy train to end. They're all looking to cash in and sell to a foreign national. We are being invaded folks and with untraceable cash from who knows where.
No amount of money can return you your health. How many can really enjoy their old age?
MSymons, Don't be too disheartened. The ones who post such drivel are simple self-righteous ignoramouses with nothing better to do than advertise their stupidity. Many more Canadians would appreciate an honest dialogue but you won't find it here.
And all the arguments used are valid.
So are you claiming it was so sad the liberals ruled with a majority of 36%?No I didn't think so. Lefties love and adhore dictators. They just want their dictator in charge forever is all.
Having traveled to Quebec many times, there is so much to celebrate within the province. The Quebecois culture will survive by celebrating the greatness of it, not through rules and regulations intended to protect it.
The globe sure loves harper. Basically he is encouraging vigilante justice. If Trudeau said this the headline would have been negative. Who owns this paper?
How many times does a jurisdiction have to make the same mistake before people wake up?-------------------------------Answer: How many times did the people of Ontario vote in Dalton McGuinty?
We'll keep your comments in mind. LOL
Yawn... If you can't dazzle them with brilliance, baffle them with bullchips....
Or cyclical collapse and public bailouts.
Flanagan is critical of the PCs because he wants the right to swing even further right to the Wildrose.
An instant password protected lock will fix that up.
The UK referendum was five years ago and involved preferential voting, not PR. It was defeated because the unpopular coalition partner, Nick Clegg, was the focus of the anti campaign, who treated it as a referendum on him.
Actually, no. A majority of Canadians DID NOT vote for the Liberals. They received 39% of the vote, which means that 61% of Canadians did not vote for them.
The Koch Bros involvement in the tar sands is a myth.
Personal attacks, offensive language and unsubstantiated allegations are not allowed. Except when they attack Preston Manning
'...you will not scare us with these tactics.'Well, Earth Man, SOMETHING sure as heck is scaring you...
Who are 'the rebels?'www.cnn.com/2013/09/02/opinion/komireddi-syria/index.html?hpt=hp_t4
Personal attacks, offensive language and unsubstantiated allegations are not allowed.
So doing a job without not reading the effin manual, FOR 9 YEARS, l is a frivilous issue for you? Buddy, he's incompetent. And those of us on the right who recognise what COULD be done if we had a real right wing mayor would prefer he went away.
70% of Canadians support marijuana decriminalization or legalization. Since when does a minority constitute 'the mainstream'?
That seems to be the epitome of cowardice!
Well ask for the Crown lands back from the Queen and see who's really running this scam!
Is the BC government's rejection of Kinder Morgan evidence of a smokescreen for implacable opposition to development, or could it be something else? Like a substantive outstanding issue to dealt with?
It had to be said. My mother suffered unbearable pain in her final months. It was unnecessary and unforgivable.
The reason national unity becomes an issue when a Liberal government gets elected, is because the Conservative government in power beforehand nearly ripped the country apart.
Ya let's bring back the liberals, they are great at splitting east from west.
Bored with the truth already? Poor you.
You can't get a job if you don't have Canadian experience. This is fact that all the liberals and progressives can't dismiss.
Giving the wealthy more power than the average citizen--just like Trump would do in the US if they are stupid enough to elect him.
I did not "miss" it but am concerned over the larger issue of ongoing deficit governance.
You should have mentioned that Diefenbaker was a WW1 veteran.
The irony is that Harper's mindless shills (like puma) will STILL whine constantly about a "media conspiracy" against them.
That would be 'vile' individual and 'loose' canon.
Check out what's been happening in the Congo for the last 10 years and 5 million deaths. Why isn't that civil war worth a little attention from CF-18s?
Mostly because gender identity is scientific. Ditto sexual orientation.
So he can sell of future revenue streams so he can claim to balance th budget.
100% correct!
Did JEAN CHRETIEN cut ties with this medieval country surely 9 years ago when Chretien was PM this country was then MEDIEVAL answer the question !!!!
Not so much, insofar as she is childless ...
nonsense... democracy should prevail and the corruption will be routed with trump at the wheel
BC Thoughts posted a fact about china and Justin why is he she thumbed down? who thumbs down facts? Liberals?
It's called virtue signalling, or Bonoism.
Is that the Shanghai math test that all the students take or just a select group of students take?
couldn't have said it better myself. Right on!
Perhaps, you're right. But 'taste' in music, food, fashion, and even in politics, cannot be disputed on a rational basis. For my part, I find the present choices distasteful.
So what do we need then, a philosopher king?
You don't say, Majority Rule? So you should have no problem listing precisely which things planetary scientists admitted they were wrong about Saturn after the Voyager 1 and Voyager 2 flybys?
Cue the whining from the left. Harper outsmarted Trudeau and his cheerleaders (the CBC etc) again!
I would like to see him crash my family wedding..... a few more things would crash
The left was driven to make a $16 orange juice the benchmark in 'gotcha politics' which is relatively inconsequential compared to intentionally not being clear with Canadians about your ancestral roots. Reap what you sow
hugh make sense. me no believe sceientists. and if me do, they're cherry picked sceintests that believe exactly what me beliebe.
what a ridiculous article from a vacuous little man.
Here is the science news that needs great attention: The special theory of relativity has been disproved theoretically http://bit.ly/1WTwbwF via @EurekAlertAAAS
I am not criticizing you because what you said is fact. However, such a fact is man-made arrangement and can be changed. Time to change.
The high birth rate in Germany is among people who are not of German descent. Likewise, for example, the Latino birth rate in the U.S. is much higher than the birth rate of the general population.
What I think has been created is a very jealous society.
It is reasonable, but it should be structured in a way that puts them as much in the driver's seat of the process as needed for them not to be insulted. Perhaps we could demand that the PMO should set an example for chiefs to follow?
What exactly does it 'speak volumes" about? It sounds as though he did a credible job as an ambassador. What point are you trying to make?
My aunt had a job offer from Indian and Northern Affairs around 1980 and turned it down because she didn't want to be involved in supporting the Indian Act. She saw it as repressive.
give it a rest people the story is toast find something better to talk about like the provincial liberals they should all be in jail
Hugh - The topic is wind power in ONTARIO. Try to focus...
Just a fact of your life...
The left done got religion.
Really interesting. Just another piece of information I'll add to my knowledge on the issue of Islam in the west. I wish the data set was bigger though. Still, there seems to be something here.
You can head in the other direction. If they'll have you, which isn't a given
That's why she is interim leader and not a contender... yet!
I'm sure someone with Trump's ego has not a moment's doubt that He is the one that will Make America Great Again. Details unnecessary, he'll bully people and work out a great deal like he always does...
Diversity and parity, aren't they a bit oxymoronic?
Shame on the Globe and Mail for providing a forum for one with McGuinty's character.
At least he makes major announcements in the House, unlike his predecessor. ----- he is at the UN not in the House Parliament just opened after the summer and he is not there who is running the country?
How do you know? What does Harper own? Where are the public records to compare?
Harperoids count on the "I'm alright Jack" principle held by a minority of Canadians.
did i believe. endorse. yes.
A better understanding than Saul would be a good thing.
I doubt that Trudeau or Mulcair would do anything different from what Baird/Harper are doing. IMO just as US policy on Cuba is dysfunctional because of voter implications, so too Canada's policy on Ukraine
The best and brightest are always in demand.
Every condom should come with a 20 page contract....that has to be notarized
Perhaps Canadians should set up road blocks of their own on roads that lead into reserves and any Indian casinos or businesses. Let no one in or out.
As I'm sure you took note last autumn, Harper discontent was not 'confined' either.
You are paying the goofs in the education system and then you are having to do the job yourself. It is wrong and sad.
Harper is gone, was thrown out on October 19TH... did you miss that Captian? The war mongering is over.
Seeing as you keep saying its dirty and smelly and falling apart.....don't bother.
'some kind of negative version of feminism' I think there have been more than enough examples of it recently. Pity you don't think so.
Stop the sale of any engines for autos above 2 liters.
Whether Israel is 'mortally' afraid or not is beside the point. Israel's nukes cannot deter Hamas from digging - in fact, nothing can. Their only option, other than being a sitting duck, is to destroy the tunnels. At some point, this had to happen.
Sher, If your father promised you $25 for your birthday but only gave you $5 and blamed the shortfall on your uncle; and he did it every year for 8 years, would you be happy with him or would you be angry?
I don't like the Globe's position on many things. But people should read from 'left-to-right.'
Just think... Wynne and TrudeauA $1-billion gas plant scandal for every province.
You're a thousand times more likely to have a family member killed by another family member. Why don't you advocate for surveillance cameras in all your family's homes?
are you opposed to the truth being put out instead of trying to place all this crap on the police who were only doing their jobs.
i believe one cop held back the cop shooterwill this cop testify to the investigation why
Medical pot is just an excuse to get stoned. It should be banned.
We, the public, care. It is the national broadcast media (CBC News, CTV News, Global News) that do not care. Too much Libersl-media cronyism going on.
YEA SO,//shalom
climate. nasa.gov - read and learn. Do you sincerely believe you are smarter than NASA?
Trudeau promised he would listen to Canadians. A few weeks on the job and we already see that he will not.
You omit to mention Kyiv Rus circa 1000 AD in your pro Kremlin revisionist rant. When Russia first invaded Crimea in 1787, the languages spoken there were Ukrainian and Tatar. Not Russian.
Who is there in the conservative caucus worth grooming who you would even consider voting for?!
Mayor Rockhead, uninterested in anything but his own re-election.
The internet allows us to create screen names and make comments anonymously. Cruel comments often win.
You realize of course that gun crime in the U.S. is down 49% since 1993? This is HUGE. Don't believe me? Try this from the Pew Research Center - http://www.pewsocialtrends.org/2013/05/07/gun-homicide-rate-down-49-since-1993-peak-public-unaware/
Do you think anyone takes Shakesville seriously?
It looks like you need to look it up.
Ridiculous. Our problem is an unaccountable executive. The idea that democracy is too expensive is also a non-starter.
That is fucking incredible
To not vote is a democratic right. In N. Korea not voting is a death sentence.
He's a CONSERVATIVE populist.
Most fence sitters wouldn't see it coming.
Really? Harper is the victim of an international conspiracy to make him look bad? Like Ford was the victim of a leftist media conspiracy? Read the Toronto section of the news the last couple of days?
No comparison. Americans were not being chased down the street, beat up, stabbed and murdered. Your ignorance is telling.
Complete waste.
http://www.jewsnews.co.il/2015/12/18/isis-terrorists-with-150-european-passports-nabbed/
If Quebec figures out a way to distance themselves from the Harper Government I will envy them, not begrudge them use of currency, not create fences and resentment, just envy them and wish they'd consider taking us with them.
MailGuy, would you like to see an extermination program set up to eliminate those born between 1946 to 1966?
And we waste efforts discussion abortion. Why don't the pro-lifers fight for the 22,000 living with disabilities.
WYNNE has been a total disaster - how anyone can support her is unbelievable.
The Harper party has no need for science. Your comment is far more real than sarcastic which is pretty funny.
Without government involvement, transit would shrink to only the most heavily used routes and if a private operator has a monopoly, the riders will get hosed.
Oh, the people out on the marg of lac labarge and others in their situation are served very well by the CBC. And those of us with the sensibility of something more than a bag of hammers.
You care enough to comment and offer a solution.
A nation must have common values that bind people together. Canadians will need to have this discussion, but I can't see any existing party brave enough to suggest this.
When it comes to tax rate, it has to be quantitative, not qualitiative. What would be your ideal marginal tax rate, and starts at what number? I would say 70% at 50,000 CAD. What do you say?
https://www.facebook.com/gaysfightingislam/
Try CBC. They'll disable you for saying anything different.
Yes, the commies gave the world the Trabant. A sputtering, smoke belching tribute to communism. I will take Henry Ford and Capitalism with all its warts any day of the week over the alternative.
You're not from Canada, are you? I ask because your response to the poster is a non sequitur that has absolutely no relationship to the content of the comment. I don't think you even understand the comment is partisan.
True on a per capita basis, but on a land weighted basis we actually do quite well compared to most developed countries. Otherwise emissions per square km are amongst the lowest in the developed world.
Why oh why can we not sue these vandals, or charge them with something--defamation of national character? Abuse of authority?
Or Doug Saunders! Love to see Doug and Margaret debate.
That's only if you believe the BIG LIE - that AGW is a major part of climate change; still a very tentative hypothesis.
And now you see how the right wing uses the term political correctness to label their enemies.
That's a whole different story. That, and the Vimy monument are appropriate and very moving.
The young adults I know aren't doing that badly - 2 RNs, 1 physiotherapist, 1 police officer. They all have moved out before 30.
....and while we're at it: look what passes as 'English' in the typing on these discussion boards. I just thumbs down the crud that has no capitals or punctuation. It beats reading it.
Duffy and the PMO were joined at the hip., whatever Harb did or didn't do is his own issue and Corriveau has not implicated anybody in the Liberal government.
Who is it in this country who'd vote for the Poli-Tubbies like Rob Ford and Stephen Harper.
Please examine your own stereotypes: blacks are not all underclass and whites are not all middle class. Much that cannot be understood through the racial lens becomes clearer through the class lens.
dim jim not fit to run a lemonade stand.
If you believe the G & M is left wing, you're so bamboozled you don't know right from left.
This article by Madame Clarkson is a timely one and much needed. She writes with great clarity in explaining the way in which the role of the GovernorGeneral should be fulfilled.
Dion is mentioned in the article. You should probably read before commenting!
If King's affairs are not "ever brought up" why are they "well known fact[s]"?
Yes that is correct, citizenship does not allow you to go abroad and commit murder.
No. I would not vote for Rona Ambrose. She was no more than one of Harper's clapping seals. They need to start FRESH. Lose the social conservatism.
Increased immigration only staves off the inevitable when the piper has to be paid. All the immigrants will retire as well. What then?
just shows you how incorrect Mr. Bell is in his thinking.
save your money and retire early.
Yep in the 60s the city tried to put an expressway in your backyard to get suburbanites downtown. Today they let private developers put up a 40 storey tower instead. not sure it's much of an improvement.
Because they were going against the wishes of the Fox family and Foundation. They knew that and lied about it. The other parties did not get involved because they honored the wishes of the family and new it was crass and opportunistic.
On this issue - Harper is 100% correct.
I suppose you would be first in line to decide who is a good teacher for your child. What exactly are your qualifications?
He has cruised along pretty well so far, especially for an outsider that the establishment has tried to stop but failed at every turn! Maybe Trump will say''watch me.'
The CBC shows are fantastic-you are obviously not a listener.
Yes between consenting adults, not women being exploited by their pimps.
If this judge had asked someone of the Judaic faith to remove his skullcap or yarmulke - does anyone think the current Harper 'government' would be so approving of refusing a Canadian citizen their day in court?
Enjoy your time in hell
Historical grievances are for deaf and blind ideologues and losers.
I'm with the judge but against the so called 'rights' and the childs parent(s).
You should probably have stopped at your first sentence. That's the only one that sounds credible.
But what about the LEAFS?!
There is some truth to what you say but this applies pretty much equally to those on the far left and the far right. Those places are bubbles where facts and details aren't important.
How do you know that there was a medieval global warming. Did you personally experience it? Oh, scientists told you about it and you believe them. The same scientists who you disbelief when they talk about global warming.
Gee, once they're on a plane, why Europe? Why not fly them here? (They can stay at the author's house.)
Flat statements unsupported by evidence don't amount to much. Where's your evidence?
a great example of aging gracefully, this summer my wife and i went to Europe for 3 weeks normally would put if off but we are almost empty nesters- we had a great time and many weeks later and we are still bathing in the glow of a glorious trip.
Where is the editorial explaining why Canada should keep dropping bombs on and killing Syrian people?
I think fundraisers at 35,000 a plate at Richie Richman, s mansion define Obama, with a lecture on income inequality on the menu, and everyone there gets a free pass on the IRS knocking on their doors as a parting gift for their generosity.
Your experience doesn't define everyone else's. I suggest that many that make sweeping statements are the least informed. Strawberry apple pie might not work for you. It certainly works for others.
So, in summary, it's all Bush's fault.
How can a Twit explain any-thing?
Experimental pertains to NEW (never tried before) things: experimental cars, schools, etc. Cannabis is not new to mankind. And the mountain of evidence you're talking about is a mirage.
I vaguely wondered where BIG_Glen had disappeared to.Hmm... a four-month gap in posts. Jail, or just a court-ordered ban on Internet access?
Not just by common sense, but by a plain reading of the Constitution - the kind of thing Cons are always screaming for (when it supports what they want).
You can fool some of the people all of the time, and all of the people some of the time, but you can not fool all of the people all of the time. Abraham Lincoln
You could have made a valid point without the insults, but you've rendered it useless.
Someday? Sooner than that.
Absolutely fine, he's a human who's angry with how things are going, for some it's time for a donnybrook. Hilary was a chronic liar and lawbreaker, better than Trump?
Perfect response to an idiotic post!
Funny that you don't see the errors in your post considering that a whole lot of right wingers just voted in a president who against free trade.
Haven't read anything so banal since Axworthy's sermons about something he called 'soft power'.
It's Wente that is obsolete.
"What is wrong with you people, ignoring the fact that in North America, 1 in 4 women will be raped." Where do you get this information? It's certainly not from any official source of demographic information.
We all know by now that you're a zionist. Sorry! Your opinion does not count.
Hoping it takes 20 yrs :)
My new favourite is touchdown Jesus. I've only seen a few but apparently he's everywhere.
Oh, thank goodness your post reminded me of my great aunt that came over in the early 1900s, else I too, would never have a chance at being considered 'old stock'.
So it was a wong for Ford and Harper to do this, but okay for Notley ? Take a stand, but for crikkes sake stop being a hypocrite.
The largest oil and gas companies in Canada are Canadian. Suncor, CNRL, Encana, COS, Cenovus, Crescent Point... HQs in Calgary, Canadian boards. Spending decisions made in Canada. How does that square with your pack of LIES argument?
Europe, the military and Trudeau? Canadians should always remember PET and his personal efforts in the fight against Nazi Germany and its savaging of Europe. The young millionaire stayed at home to study in Montreal.
Sharia Law, theogracies, oppression of women's rights ... none of these are compatible with the West ... sorry but the facts are the facts.
you forgot to mention 20 years of Roger Ailes and FoxNews ..............you forgot to mention that their Benghazi lies caused Mitt Romney to lose in 2012
Always look on the bright side of life....
Please, do not credit this fiasco with any more reporting. The event is years away and I am sick of hearing about it already.
The point isn't the chant - people chant stupid things - it's that a guy who wants to be PM was, if not egging it on, smiling and waving his fingers along.
I apologize. I don't know why but my post of 12:26 showed up again at 3:08. My whole internet has been a bit wonky today, not sure if that is happening to anyone else.
Do you remember the Chretien War Room with Warren Kinsella??
Liberal talking points? You mean like three Tubby election endorsements in a row?
This is what you get from a 20+ year veteran of the vaunted Frasier Institute. A whiny outcry against the country's last resort against Harper's draconian leadership. What a joke.
Yes no regional tensions existed under Liberal regimes . Those referendum things were imaginary.
Perhaps Chretien was right -http://www.theglobeandmail.com/globe-debate/canadas-true-role-in-the-mideast-conflict/article21138349/
Illuminati conspiracy, is it.
Justin Trudeau is busy trying to sell his dream book while the country moves on.
You know he's not going to actually do that right? You know your 'Progressive' right friends have been had right?
The economy has to win before you do.
You're a communist.
They must think we are stupid.
Donald will mop the floor with the old mee maw.
Which i'd call B.S. on.. Why? When is the last time the LPC got 50% of the vote..
Don't be a DA, Rapture. Canada had a $3.2B surplus through December of this year, so there's your balanced budget, w a little more, besides. C.
If you read what I wrote I said "news journalists and opinion writers".
Precisely - have your kids raised by the latest psychobabble du jour !
'SOME' climate change? So we have a little tiny catastsrophic climate change crisis? You can't have a little climate change crisis outside of Harry Potter movies. A crisis that isn't a crisis is NOT a crisis!
Oh yes, the conservatives made us do it, because, you know, we don't know any better.
The underground economy is one of the reasons taxes are increasing.
No more taxes wrote - 'Probably because the muslims have so many temporary workers here now that they out number Canadians.'You're ignorance is stunning.
That's right, take your ball and go home... typical Con.
I would rather have Justin in short pants than unelected guys in short pants telling the guy in long pants what to do
? Canada is under no constitutional obligation to make voting convenient? argued Crown (HARPER) lawyer Christine Mohr.
Hard to take seriously a comment that claims to talk about human rights and calls opposing systems 'retardedd.'
Commerce s how hard-working people put food on the table & pay for your undeserved government salary and/or disability benefits.
He makes too much money?
Exactly. Hillary and Obama are both Democrats who share the same views. Yet, for some reason, the Left is baffled why Hillary didn't get the same support from African-Americans as Obama did.
Yes let's have free votes for culture war issues such as SSM, abortion, gun rights, prostitution, church and state, corporate lobbying, pipelines, whatever. It's more democratic that way.
My name is he ho sai I am in da home depot parking lot every day in Toronto gerrard square I renovate your house and do all your hard work fo only 5 dolla an hour.
He's here all week folks! :)
Voters that are not very bright.
'Justine'? Is that your feeble attempt at humour? Are you that insecure about your own sexuality? You are beneath contempt.
Nailed it!
They will all win. Mainstream politicians just cannot stomach the demise of their monopoly on power.
Make sure you save your posts, Ron, you can re - use them from 2015 - 2019
Please illustrate how she 'lashed out at charities'.
So glad you're coming to this with your wealth of knowledge.
E-O, 1993.
So Stew, your position then, since you claim the CBC is a state broadcaster, is that the CBC is a right-wing Harper propaganda media outlet -Harper being the current 'state'?Interesting.
What is stupid about it? Honesty?
So we'll ignore the non-Christian historians like Josephus, who wrote 2000 years ago, and who talk about Jesus and his crucifixion. Even if you don't want to believe in him as God, there is a lot of historical backing that he was a real person.
The gazebos cost $50K. The Liberals under the table envelopes cost $400K
Your nauseating overstatement confirms your moronic zealotry.
If you have countervailing information, offer it.
..how else are we going to manage the meth lab in our basement ?...duuhh !
'ideologically driven policies'All policies are ideologically driven no matter what the party.
There is no 'if'. My point is that the federal government regularly interferes in unpopular litigation through appointees who owe him for the promotion, e.g., Chief Justices.
Even if they could do it, they wouldn't.It is the Cons' fundamental flaw - they are right, and the rest of us are wrong, and when you are right, you have no reason to change.
No .. YOU wake up. Please don't replicate your boneheaded views by having children. They would carry the lifelong burden of an idiot parent.
Lamont: there were no such posts, none at least like these that blamed every change in world markets on Justin Trudeau. You guys need to get your lies better organized. Some of us have working memories.
Any kid who can fog a mirror will graduate from secondary school these days.
Thanks for the reference Bill. Referring to California vs Ontario, Wall Street Journal. Advise those with heart conditions NOT to read it.
Many immigrants see the status of liberty as hope for a new life; Donald sees her as a four - maybe a six if she improved her looks. [paraphrase of part of Hillary's charity speech.]
Who are these 'progressives' exactly? And how is a bunch of people on twitter talking about something Harper did the same thing as spreading false stories?
Not to forget his controversial statements on child pornography: http://news.nationalpost.com/2013/02/28/ex-harper-advisor-tom-flanagan-fired-from-cbc-after-saying-theres-nothing-wrong-with-viewing-child-pornography/
One thing the article foes not state, is that the French smoke like fiends which also contributes to a smaller appetite and a more svelte figure. Having just been in France, I was shocked at how many people smoke compared North America.
I waiting for the first time a disgruntled Trump voter has his job taken away by automation - and then returns with an AK-47 to shoot up the robot that took it.
I agree that solitary confinement should be completely abolished. It is time to put Pedophiles, Bernardos and Pictons into the general prison population. No more special treatment. Let the games begin.
Here you are fifty years later still trying to fool Canadians and still dying your hair blond.
Love is blind...
You've said it all Bankable sick days are a perk that has to go. Too expensive and not fair for those who would never have a chance to get them
I didn't see you complain when pro Liberal posts get 125 thumbs up in 30 minutes on other threads.
Why do you assume they are semi-literate?
Perhaps but it's hard to directly tie such things to the government. It's a big country - that some people are bad doesn't neccessarily mean they all are.
Obesity really got out of control with the introduction of the personal computer. Too much time spent surfing the web, posting on comments boards, blogs... Blame IBM, Steve Jobs, Bill Gates.
'Here's a novel concept....go apply at another school. 'I've heard no complaints from students yet, just talking heads in the press.
Yeah and Tory has the least credible plan....
The LRT is still the sensible plan.
First of all, steve-d1, your right-wing buddies here really did seem to think that "contract extension" automatically came with a raise. So, failing that, you're going to go with sheer speculation. Bravo.
Sher-e-Hindustan, really need to do your history - Tibet?
Exactly - the buck stops at the executive desk !!!!
Ms Renzetti is a professional sob sister doing what she does all the time - dishing out an unending stream of girly 'trouble talk'
I apologize for my skin colour.... I inherited it from my parents and they from their respective parents.....I found this article to be disturbing and I'm still perplexed at the central message in it.
Why not use your other moniker, SaySomething4Fun? You should be reported.
I grew up listening to Nazi occupation stories and I am always struck by the similar culturally superior attitude that Israelis and Nazis Germans share.
I do not recall any significant or memorable pictures of Trudeau the elder with our military personnel in all the years he served as PM. For him, they were a political tool, not a strategic national one.
PS. even with 47% overhead, we're talking more than $200,000 per year on average. Share the pie. Share the overhead, and everyone makes enough to keep the Audi running and still max out RRSPs and TFSAs
Lol @ Firedupreadytogo. You know, it was a famous fascist who once said, 'if you repeat a lie often enough it becomes the truth.' Seems like you hew to the same principles.
Will you stop trying to put people into neat little boxes that fit your preconceptions? I am staunchly Conservative. I support the right to abortion.
betting the next UN head will not be a white man
Are you serious, silly or just stupid?
I can hear the sound of David Orchard's whetstone.....
The GM was pushing Trudeau.
why then funding them partly is ok?? is that make it only half wrong or half right? it is either right or wrong. make your mind up.
I agree. That is what is offensive.
Just like the myth of happy married life with the white picket fence and the two-car garage.
Just 'loath'.
What's 'good' about it? She condones physical violence against someone who was using only words to confront a representative of a religion that requires its adherents to despise all non-members.
We can take them when Russia Saudi Arabia Argentina Japan Brazil South Korea etc etc take them. http://www.breitbart.com/london/2015/09/05/gulf-states-refuse-to-take-a-single-syrian-refugee-say-doing-so-exposes-them-to-risk-of-terrorism/
Who got rid of Adscam I ?Jack did.. not Harper. Who'll get rid of Adscam II ?PM Mulcair... not Harper.
The real answer is to help African countries grow economically. The US with all its resources has not been able to stop illegals from Mexico. It is Mexico's economic growth rate that has stopped illegal migration from Mexico.
Harper is simply a continuation of the fiscal conservatism of Paul Martin.
Your critics' erudite political reflections help to make one's point, shaunnarine . If only the Globe didn't regularly feed them, muted shades of Fox 'news' or Brexit's Telegraph.
Here we go..................
Excellent opinion piece on this ridiculous 'controversy'.
Ha ha Very good! When I see an obviously new Canadian immigrant wearing a parka in October, I think,' Just wait 'till January.' It took me years to figure out the 'layers of clothes' style that works so well when you have to bundle up.
Have to agree with Jeff on this one. Weak judge.
"What would you think of a JW doctor who refused to advise his patient about the option of a transfusion, or provide a referral to get one? " I would respect the freedom of conscience of this physician and simply go next door.
Demons is a term commonly used to describe various forms of mental illness. Are there other demons you are familiar with?
The death penalty was abolished in July 1976, long before the Charter. The death penalty was last carried out in 1962, three years before before Pierre Trudeau entered politics. Who's bashing who?
chief said 30000 per dispensary not counting overtime in another interview not to long ago
Yup, it was a great day - hiked and biked. But I still disagree with the editorial. So hell is still afire for me.
But MVP, if you don't have to work for minimum wage because you have taken the initiative to acquire skills that have value in the marketplace, then you are more likely to vote Conservative. Can you explain that paradox for us?
'when will you be insisting on common public washroom facilities for men and women?'That's the kind of specious argument you'd expect from a 'Islamapologist'....
You're right. This is an ecological analysis and one can also say that it's due to climate change that people are less likely to have a family doc. The authors clearly have an agenda-and that is to shunt money away from doctors and primary care.
have another snort shaky ....rob is waitin' for ya.......sara palin says you betcha....drill baby, drill
Thanks for that ...
Read the Goddamned story.
Indeed - but sugar ( sucrose ) is merely just another carbohydrate, and it is the availability of massive amounts of cheap carbohydrate intensive junk food that is the problem.
The goal of Big Brother is control.
Rates have already doubled under the Liberals, and are projected to double again in the next decade. Take a look at your bill; rates were 4.3 c/kWh (24/7) in 2004.
After last week's column where he elevated Jason Kenney to sainthood and lauded his moral compass, I now have to take everything Lawrence Martin writes with a pillar of salt.
a great statement
How absurd! The Globe Editors are envisioning a scenario where Harper wins the election, yet his party gives him the boot. What a copout.
Eight years of Harper trying to find ways to drop the responsibility did what for us? Improved it?Idiot hack.
The rabid right have done most of the crying and screaming this year... it's how Trump got in.He convinced the voters that the US was in terrible shape, and that white Christians were an endangered species...
I doubt you have ever had an original thought. You can't knock me down to make yourself look clever. You don't have the strength. You lack any credibility.
Your #3 designation leads me to believe that the Globe has had enough of you more than once in the past.
This guy has always been a worshiper of Pierre T, thinks he was a brilliant PM, and he now has a new Trudeau to love. It must be bliss to be so ignorant. Maybe time to give up on the Globe, but what else do we have?
It's all relevant... these little thugs are literally getting away with murder and it's all because they get a slap on their wrist due to the stupidity of the YCJA. End of story.
Somrtimes mutts must mute their mutterings.
Joe - you are a Dick. Read slowly this time.
We get the politicians we deserve - we'll have to suffer another couple of decades in the new Gilded Age before there's enough discontent for a new social and scientific renaissance.
Nowhere did we come last.
If he is the antithesis of everything Canada stands for, then God bless Canada and thank God for the liberal "elites".
Bring some Albertans in...we'll make it work...
If London manages to separate from the rest of GB, as some petitioners are demanding, then yes, you might be able to argue that.
He showed a lack of respect for Parliament like he shows a continual lack of respect for the 60% of Canadians who never voted for him. He is unqualified and unprepared for the position, this will not end well.
You have a flair for stating the obvious. The question is whether she should have used that freedom in her current role. You simply ignored that.
Haw haw. You said 'Trump' and 'charity' in the same sentence. That's funny.
I'm hoping so, Dno.
The REAL losers are actually those who donated to the wee Justin Fund.
When you're wounded and left on Afghanistan's plains, and the women come out to cut up what remains, jest roll to your rifle and blow out your brains and go to your gawd like a soldier. Rudyard Kipling
Or maybe just the people that are actually paying attention.
Donald Regan?
So you prefer going after easy targets. Good to know.
What you know of torah and talmud wouldn't fill a thimble ie yours is the comment of an ignorant bigot
My concern is that there will be a huge cheating effort, just wait. And the unfair elections act will enable it.
In other words, we should all think emotionally instead of logically?
Is the G&M wanting to justify why they again want to support Harper in Oct 2015, or whenever?
The law doesn't yet exist. How can something that does not yet exist account for past radicalization?
Oh I don't know. If you ride in Toronto taxis, you will find a few foreign doctors out there.
... and who's the daddy? ... Web Hubbel ...??!!!
Great article and a very reasonable conclusion.
Yah and while he is at it let's stop the Catholic Church from discriminating against women once and for all!
You live in a vastly oversimplified world, TDM. http://www.spiegel.de/international/world/interview-hans-von-storch-on-problems-with-climate-change-models-a-906721.html
FPTP allows extremists parties to gain power with absolute power... yah, of couse the extremists parties are upset... maybe they should become less extreme eh?
Also, that's rich calling someone an idiot when you can't even form a proper sentence.
Perhaps the writer should ask Tabitha Speer if she thinks Khadr deserves bail.
Sell hope, worked for Trudeau.
any time is the time to uphold human rights. the saudis need the LAVs . trudeau will never be right
On thin ice... what an unintentionally apt metaphor. If not for your track record I might have thought you were being witty.
It was Horwath's election to lose too. 42 days ago she held the balance of power. Today, she leads a 3rd rate party.
A *******?
I think we need a detail to watch Vickers. Or a recall.
Surely you haven't forgotten Pierre Poilievre. They've done a goodd job of keeping him in hiding.
the old Liberal Canada is a faded memory
One who shuts up. Harper is bringing the Middle East debate to Canada. Maybe he should figure out our problems first.
Stop bombing the countries from where they're from, and maybe they'll stay home.
Yeah, the Globe and Mail should change it's name to The Double Standard.
Right back at ya, Alceste!!!
Politically correct and wishy washy articulation so far-removed from reality of the real world.
It's always been like this
What a specious counter argument, happy - the subject is Harper, not universal freedom of belief.
They should hand over ANY AND ALL of these cases to the police. Universities are ONLY concerned about themselves and recruiting. Not at all capable of being objective or helping. And worst of all, don't want to be.
Wente is the best columnist they have.
You need real friends, not pretend friends. www. edu.gov.on.ca/eng/document/policy/os/onschools.pdffullcomment.nationalpost.com/2010/08/28/marni-soupcoff-ontario-students-get-the-right-to-fail/
more like a master baiter!
Do you think that you don't pay taxes on fuel right now?
Nobody wants to be called a racist, a sexist or a homophobe so journalists aren't as quick to correct stories related to those issues. Ferguson, Duke Lacrosse, UVA rape, Indiana pizza places kicking out gay customers.
They did not prorogue Parliament every time the heat got turned up. Thanks for playing though.
trade ya.....
Never before in human history has so much been spent by so many who have so few inches.
Reading the whole article would have helped.
I'm surprised that the chicken hearted pawns at the gutless G+M didn't censor your comment. But, as it is critical of the Catholic church, and not of this newspaper's Jewish patriarchs, I guess it stands. Good for you!
Very nice. HaHaHa...
Read the Mission Statement for the Alliance church, that will give you a pretty good idea of what "anti gay " is
Exactly - excellent post !
Well said. This is exactly how I feel. Just bizarre. No place in a national publication.
What is your opinion about Indonesians, Indians and Pakistanis - the three largest Muslim countries by population? I am guessing you have no clue. Can you name their leaders? Or when and how Islam came to their country?
Western tourists too often have an imperialist mindset,-------note these were not AMERICAN touristsbut Canadianimagine the Canadian smugness if they were AMERICANS
Tommy, Ottawa's Chris and Cassandra....all in hiding over the scorching embarrassment.
'There is little chance that attack ads against ?Angry Tom? will have any effect in Quebec?'Indeed, Angry will do just fine for Canadians looking for a champion to step on the throats of Harperites.
Love the tin hat crowd
The problem with the recent Anne of Green Gables cover, in case you missed all the comments, was not that she was a saucy young woman, but that she was BLONDE. Had the model been a saucy young ginger cowgirl, no one would have paid any attention.
Shameful comment from a wage slave to big oil, climate denier. Hope your kids & grandchildren learn that you and yours promoted chocking our planet and looting an area the size of Florida to get at AB & SASK +300% CO2 content tar sands sludge.
Excuse me, but it has already been established that the term 'Angry Baird' belongs to John Baird.
Not a word here about how the money was acquired or how it got into the country in spite of restrictions on the movement of large amounts of money across borders.
Edb1....please take a science course before wading in on a topic that you clearly don't understand
Mail-reader writes: "This guy is as dim as a porch light." ---- Well, he's whipping your guy, who more resembles a burned out bulb.
Madiba's values? Communist violence, incompetence, and corruption? Ma'am we already have a Liberal party.
Economy first. Jobs first.
And still no mention in the Globe a whole day later.
A child of privilege speaks - from a predictable script.
Guest_977 being insulting in your posts and trying to force your views on others in the way you do is not a virtue.
Job maintenance ?
Actually, if you look at nations who were occupied by Britain over history, the ones that are better off today are the ones who Britain occupied the longest.
Genocide does appear to be Israel's long-term plan. Kudos to you for making it clear.
Very first sentence: 'A few days ago I was on the Golan Heights, gazing across into Syria.'=======No, airhead, if you were on the Golan Heights, you were already in Syria.
You feel you wait too long for STD test results and that makes all doctors corrupt and the author of an article on physician fees incompetent? Quite the leap(s) of logic....
When conservatives win by less than 40%, it's a disgrace. When a liberal wins by the same percentage it's a landslide.
Moot point when the Canadian safety certificate of the existing bridge is not renewed. Agents move a few miles down to the Canadian funded customs plaza.
Some people can adjust their expenditures to fit a reduced income. It wouldn't work for everyone but there are lots of people who would like it.
You missed the insult of the day 'fascist'. The teenagers throwing the word around have no idea what it means, but are aware that it is an insult.
He's nothing like the dubya.
Mr. Beaulieu, I agree - Quebec should integrate in with the rest of Canada. :)Marduk2 - maybe you should provide the Quebec Soccer Federation your evidence that turbans are unsafe - they didn't have any. The only thing laughable is your response.
Unemployment has its benefits.
So, what are the winning LottoMax numbers this week, M. Perspicacity? You know nothing, Jon Snow!
ummmmmmmmmmmmmm. bomb them back to the stone age for a start
I take it that you are not in the lukewarm camp.
My former wife was given drugs for her dementia. She eventually died of heart failure because of them. Towards the end, she could not even recognize her then husband. So what was the point of the drugs?
You think Andre reads these comments? You think any of the G & M columnists would spend 10 minutes reading this crap? What an idiot!
and you will be dead before you can be proved right or wrong .So predict away , knowing you will never have to wear egg on your face .
I assume you refer to Justin Trudeau as Justine because you think there is something shameful in a woman's name.
What are the police doing? Either there is evidence of possession of cocaine, or there is evidence of an attempted fraud in this case. Are the police working to secure the video that determines which?
Lets hope Trudeau can save Canada's reputation....
Well said, those who support the CIA in this should read your post and spend some time mulling it over.
The F35 is a bad plane and should be avoided. The Super Hornet fits the current need, is not obsolete and is cheaper in the long run. But, you go on with your narrative.
no. your the one living in an alternative reality.
lol... fair enough, although I won't hold my breath for one of these guys to pen that column.
The final question, What for? is the most significant. Horvath survived her review. But anger with the Wynne government is not putting her on winning turf.
a lot of big words there professor. stick with your textbooks and living off the public dole.
Ever heard of wage cuts? Don't like it find another job.
ahh, the wonders of auto correct...
Ah, another Paikin, plus family clan-boy, political travelogue, as a friend calls much of Steve's earnest work. See the sites. Don't learn a lot. Facts, not 'wisdom.' Like on TVO--'I know more facts than you!' Good comments here in response today.
Vital history. Thank you. Just remember that the Great Misled have to vote for all those ethical positions, be less self-absorbed, as it were.
Is that what you do when you have nothing useful to say?
Would rather live in the 'misery' wallowing in my Cadillac Escalade than flourishing in the 'Socratic paradise' of a Chery.
He's just not ready.
Couldn't agree more
So what you are saying is that is the only thing they campaigned on and the 39% who voted Liberal voted them in because of that sole issue and that Liberals are sole issue voters.
I think it's a concern about Canada, but go ahead with your continual, ineffectual baiting, as you always do.
Paradoxical that measures to reduce GHG emissions (and spruce up Alberta's world-wide reputation) are supposed to help Alberta sell more oil and gas. This sounds like exporting the problem.
The statistical evidence doesn't support your contention. Read the article.
Dunno, Lon, Marchi was even citing Mulroney's example against apartheid. Do you think that was being nice to De Klerk?
' To the editors: stop outsourcing journalism and retain the pros who represent your brand.'They have had very few pros for several years now.
Who is suggesting 'stopping them?'
Cairo University recently banned all niqabs for professors and staff because everyone found it very difficult to communicate with them and the standards in the university were falling.
Is Yakker a teenager? Has he forgotten the campaign that produced the presidency of a coke-using, uneducated weasel by Supreme Court appointment?
'Clearly' not. Based on your posts you're a rabid Partisan and Father knows best Conservative just looking to criticize.
That's a given but let's wait and see just what the cause was before stating the obvious.
At least give consideration to diversification of our economy. All eggs in one basket is never a good idea.
You don't know the difference? That says far more about you than it does drinking coffee.
The judge's original judgement was widely panned and ridiculed, right across Canada.
Why don't you go loan them YOUR money hot shot? I hear they are offering a pretty good return on your investment.
Mr. Trudeau goes to Davoshttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s6UbYHCkoZs
Buster49 I certainly hoped you made the little woman get you some cheese to go with your whine. It's old and tired.
Wade-a-minnut, there Joe. I'm getting close to there. That used to be old, but it's not any more. So there. .
Try crowd funding .-)
Last night, I laughed so much at a joke that I slapped myself on the thigh. Such a violent world we live in.
German engineering my Das.
Give me a break. The question and that it was asked is monstrously insensitive and offensive.
Where do you get the information that they have fudged their numbers? Saying something does not make it so.
just goofy
Trudeau is a doper, he admitted it ^^^^^^^
Putin was thrown out of the G8.Nice troll for Putin, btw!
...'NOT' just tv,everytime I tune into 1010 CFRB it seems there's an 'In-Action-Plan' ad running...
The denier camp, in addition to their steadfast ignorance and pouting, are shrill and boring anyway. Ignore them and many of them will soon deny they were ever deniers.
I'm simply asking what it is the Liberals are going to do on this file. Or what their plan is. You seem to have no clue -- which speaks volumes.
I don't think she was saying it is a terrible life; just that it is over-rated..I don't always agree with her ivory tower opinions that are disconnected from the mainstream, but in this case I think there are some truisms here...
Now that's funny :-)
You are who I am talking about: rightwing, poor and ill-informed. Read a milk carton would ya!
The Dems are in full panic mode so they are shovelling all the mire they can to stop the Trump Train coming full speed down the tracks to POTUSville ...lol
Note also that Marois is saying it's OK to be an observant Muslim, Jew, etc. as long as you pretend not to be when you're at work.
Viscious, aren't you.
Are you sincerely this ignorant?
I am not so sure about your pellet stove claim about it being cleaner. It may be renewable, but cleaner....... I doubt that.
let's hope gay figure skaterJOHNNY WEIR of USAgets the gold medal and rubs it in Russia's facejust like Jesse Owen did to Hitler in the Berlin Games
but they are not sending the kids to German immersion meaning using German as the language of instruction instead of English you are missing the point
Yes, it's very important to celebrate birthdays of long-dead people. I heard they told him he wouldn't get a loot bag if he didn't show, too.
the article is about firefighters
You really did not think he was going to be a fund raiser for the Dippers, did you?
If Harper really hates those groups you mention they why does he insist on virtually unlimited immigration of those groups (except for the First Nations of course).
You mean that one by Forum suggesting 40% against and 46% for, even with torqued wording?
And, in the meantime, we have Pretty Boy and the Deficit Gang.
So let's get rid of RRSP deductions.
Joel - you are in the dark man. read the facts. There is no getting around the fact that the fat cats were trying to muzzle the Auditor General. Thugs they are. ... But he didn't flinch from meeting his responsibilities to the people of BC
In practice Quebec accepts the border. They symbolically do not but this has zero effect.
Those people and their hard working kids will pay your CPP and OAS in 20 years.
Hmmm. Hadn't thought of that. That means that three Territories would be completely unrepresented under the Segal-Kirby plan. That in itself would make it a non-starter, I would hope
I agree that the mess created by the 'greatest generation' led to the mess we are in today.
If they are not afraid then why the attack ads?
I agree. Although I think the Globe is being too easy on the Liberals. They don't even deserve a say in this government any more for all the mismanagement of this province.
Sophie needed 2 nannies when she was a yoga instructor. I suspect the issue isn't the amount of work but her inability to cope.
'Fighting Irish' is a bad example.
The fact that we have only had three referenda shows how unnecessary they are. How did we decide to give women the vote? How did we decide that First Nations people should be able to vote? How did we decide about provincial boundaries and rights?
I think most of us want Parliament to run the country. That is the way it's suppose to be under our system of government. Subversive Steve thinks otherwise.
'Family that you care about' is not a reason to have the right to vote.
NO pipelines - an environmental disaster to wildlife & communities waiting to happen! NO
The power is not now and never has been in the hands of the 'potheads' unfortunately. It is in the hands of ruthless idiots like Harper and oil executives and wall street bankers . Might do them all good to smoke a few doobies.
Joe, you live up to your last name daily.
Can we legislate exercise as well, how about common sense. Love the article by the way.
Look, you chose to have dual citizenship. It is your free choice. Deal with it. It is not the Cdn government problem.
Tell that to Alison Redford!
maybe he should ask the Liberal party for it, I hear they have at least $40million kicking around....
and if she is so concerned about that specimen's rights, let her pop for an SCOC appearance.
One is unthinking pro-Clinton.The other is thinking ABCD
Yes, most conservatives know these things, a small vocal number do not. But, do most liberals understand that not everybody who disagrees with them is a racist slob?
It's not a function of cultural relativism - gender equality, secularism, and personal freedoms are better than cultures that subjugate women, have draconian religious-based laws, and restrict personal freedoms.
guess you have the solution then?
'Socialism is great until you run out of other people's money.' The Quebec government has recently announced their daycare program is unsustainable, but the NDP proposal is a great way to get (buy) votes.
What everyone needs to do is ignore mass media.
Except those who won't have food, water, safe places to live....they won't 'keep on'.
Exactly my question. HeronPark, among others, is quick to play the race card. The issues that lead far too many natives into high risk lifestyles are numerous. The answers to those issues will come from within their own communities.
R doesn't like it if Canada negotiates in it's best interests. That will upset the "sovereigntists" 'cause they won't make all the rules.
Be as critical as you want but vouching is a practice that has to end.
The only way to satisfy this man's request is to ask him to buy three seats ... and he sits in the middle one.
And Margaret iz noted for her ridicule of any policies aimed at dealing qith homelessness or poverty.
Why did Mackenzie King propose PR? Why did Pierre Trudeau propose PR? Because it was the right thing to do.
You have not been reading the news about Dentistry at Dalhousie...... if you somehow think that what can get you into trouble in Canada is only criminal code crimes, and not what elites see merely as sin...
your original headline was ' Did they die in vain ' ....what a disgusting question. You could build an argument that every soldier died in vain I guess ....if you want to be really vile. Stick to writing about global warming.
That's funny, Stephen Harper said something similar in 2006: 'You won't recognize Canada when I'm through with it.'
You wrongfully assume that the Foreign Minister acts independently from what Harper wants. Different puppet, same puppet master.
lol! Exquisitely snide...
You win... I concede.
I loved it!
well said Peter
The best chance we've had at some reform is Michael Chong's reform bill. It's a doable, practical, first step. Let your MP know that (s)he must support it!
Completely agree with that statement, I am no Harper fan but the alternatives are worse, I would love to see more independents. I have 0 faith in the conservatives, liberals and NDP. They are all puppets for one 'special interest' group or another.
50 years? It has been 65 years since the european invaders seized Palestine. Put an end to the Nakba and unite Palestine from the Jordan River to the Mediteranean Sea! Put and end to the zionist scourge!
Very well said. Let's hope Justin's hair and the brain cell of his handlers never get into power.
Tecumseh lived his whole life in the United States, apart from the last battle in which he was killed near London, Ontario.
Really? Last I read the criticism against Gandhi was that he fought for Indian rights while in South Africa and did not fight for black rights. Not sure that's incredibly racist or just unaware.
Especially considering the Harper Government provides their press releases for free.
and how would you frame the issues more properly?
I have heard this one before, as well. As usual though, it is a matter of someone actually being caught saying it..
Uh, you've left your Caps Lock on.
Progressive111 is a troll. The best way to deal with trolls also happens to be the easiest.
@ManCityFC - I agree and I believe that immigration should be at zero right now. Canadians need to be focused on first and foremost.
Jason Kenny is the best thing that has happened to the NDP, it will ensure an NDP govt. in Alberta for years to come.
Par for the course for the obscurantist Harper Government. To think that the Conservatives were elected by less than 40% of the electorate... Bonne journ?e.
Incomprehensible. Beyond lame.
When you're the smartest man in the country, and you've figured it all out in your own little pinhead, what do you need facts for? They just get in the way of your brilliance. Right Stephen?
Majority Rules: Rob Ford does what Rob Ford wants to do. Always has, always will.
That is admittedly a possibility.
Michele Fund your own fairy gods -------- rather disrespectful your post is not in the spirit of Human Rights Commission protecting religion from discrimination Shame and you dare pose as "progressive" double shame
I agree. And, most of my comments are deleted, too.
Where's the personal attack? You are making subjective, unsupported comments which can be taken apart by a high school student ie literally blowing off steam. If you don't like the water, don't jump in the pot.
True but it's so much fun when the conbots are frothing and scrambling to answer. Rent a bus if you have to and get your friends family and neighbours out to vote.
While they may have hated each other, there was likely some respect between PET and Nixon, but Junior won, t even warrant hate from Trump, likely just pity....
I would propose the New Zealand model.
Like Hillary? She should be indicted for her abuse of the whistleblowers who were victimized by her husband.
That's deeply unsettling.
Eve Adams is comes with so much baggage. Many of lifelong, local Libs will not welcome her into the fold. Dmitri reminds me of a little lap dog jumping around her.
It's funny don't you think? I guess it's today is a working day at the Conservative Party headquarters. So transparent.
The editor of the Globe lost their sense of shame long ago.
how do you know it had no impact on is work? because he says so?You don't get to use your connections through journalism to try to profit on the side. or is it because it is 'art' that you approve of this conflict of interest?
Thanks for droppin' by Marky !
How clever. Did you write speeches for Steve?
Nope. We do NOT want to revisit the ideas of women's freedom and equality, thank you very much.
I think strict PR can produce some anomalous effects, which is why many countries have adopted "mixed member proportional representation" to smooth out the rough edges and assist in providing some coherence.
As I understand it Harper worked in the mail room until they fired him for incompetence of where he was sending the mail.
RWPlease explain: Koch-Funded Study Finds 'Global Warming Is Real', 'On The High End' And 'Essentially All' Due To Carbon PollutionThe actual report: //berkeleyearth.org/pdf/berkeley-earth-press-release-july-29.pdf
Yup... and the RCAF. If it's Nation to Nation they want...
Harper will never quit. Too much money and too much power. He will take the whole party and the whole country down with him rather than resign.
who cares
That is what happens when you know only 1 or 2 people other than direct family. I knows lots of people who support the war and many of them are Liberal minded.
Harperism is far from dead. And we haven't found a cure for cancer, bigotry, and a host of other social ills. But we're working on it.
How must our soldiers in the middle east feel knowing they have been put in harms way only to further the Conservative re-election dreams?
Disagree. We should hold the kidnappers and their host Government responsible
Strong words in support of free speech, yet your profile name is 'Anon'.
If comparing Trump to Hitler is acceptable, then comparing Trudeau to Nero is just as true. Oh what an artist we have in thee.
Hey sometimes all the facts aren't available. Speculation is nice, just like mystery novels.
Are you for real or do you want us to end up like Ontario we have a liberal government in bc they are nothing like the Justin wynne crowd
Earth has had three atmospheres so far and will likely have at least three more before it is reabsorbed into the dying sun.
As I see it, therefore, Cruz is an American Citizen of convenience?
Based on what evidence?
Agreed many people in these environmental groups are just useful idiots.
Southy is one of the most progressive writers at the Globe. The Globe actually did not endorse Harper last time and can hardly be called right wing. Its more socially progressive and fiscally conservative.
You just described Justin
If we have no right to call the language we speak French, you have no right to call your language 'English'.It is because of people like this that separatists exist.
Haha. They left Sask with a declining population, high taxes poor roads long medical wait lists and closed hospitals!!!!
Most males won't get the fine reduced. Females more so - not really sure why?
He's just not ready...
Poo pooing my dear Puppoo "but found 225 million for Israel so that it could kill more Palestinians. Height of absurdity." for Israel it is a case of "KILL OR BE KILLED" meaning SELF_DEFENCE
Well Canada does not need oil. All our workers are put out of work by Saudi Arabia.
I am not even a fan of the Pope... but come on what a tasteless article ...G&M change the title at least of this drivel..........shameful.......satire and stupid can sometimes be a fine line
Why don't the premiers rebel?
The Canadian wine industry went from Baby Duck to really great wines after "control's" were removed. The Doom & Gloom NDP was against that too.
Considering Mason's usual left wing meanderings, a good column about a good premier!
Tell that to three of the Shafia daughters, and Asqa Parvez. Oh wait a minute, you can't.
Ed You've mocked the left's religion with that global warming comment. That they can't abide.
Where am I reflected on BET?
Absolute hogwash. They were threatened. The KKK still has the ability to strike fear into the hearts of African Americans. You have no idea what it's like to be in their shoes. No idea.
crwonline: Please explain to us how it is a "good thing".
George, read my post please. I was talking about those who are making the choice. Not who we choose from.
Have you ever checked out what the church teaching is on assisted suicide? Guess it won't be long before the Roman Catholic church is banned from providing medical services.
Thanks Link! I appreciate that.
You forgot to implicate the Masons , the Illuminati and Homer Simpson and the 'Stone cutters'
Ed Clark, a very credible man, said on last weeks The Sunday Edition that a few small privatization steps along the French model would solve most of our systems problems. We should listen: what is stopping us?
@sanctimonius, save your breath. haven't you realized by now that the average Globe reader is urbane, anti-Harper and anti-semitic?
Actually all of the people you mentioned, stayed. And secondly, they started, and developed the companies, that they later drove them into the ground, is the market, etc.
If you cannot take critism do not dish it out. Mulcair has been quick to critise any minutia he can but if he is critised for misspending money well he is perfect isn't he? WHAT AROGANCE
oh yes, we ARE in an election
This post is far better and more even-handed than the original article.
The Obama administration wasn't even around when Ukraine first started seeking independance from Russia, a very, very long time ago. American State Department didn't exist, or America, in the 13th century.
The article was good. It had to be said. Try to stay reasonably fit and happy. Eat your broccoli.
You must be American.
Shame on the Harper and Trudeau trolls smearing Tom Mulcair.
Liberals can certainly NOT rule out coalitions.... which are perfectly valid under our system... especially if they may need to climb down later. Which will make them look stupid IMO.
A very sensible column. Why so many people are obsessed with what other people wear at the beach is beyond me.
Hate much?
'Humanism'.....that is, an absolute hatred for religion. Typical of Marxist regimes.
London, Paris, and New York would not be the cities they are with that kind of thinking. We know Gehry is a visionary and Mirvish doesn't do half measures, so I feel confident they will deliver world class, if not iconic, buildings.
Do you realise your attitude is the definition of racism? The more we learn about people rooted in the 3rd world, the more we learn why it's the 3rd world.
Relas, Canada is still a fine, fine place with HARPER AT THE HELM Harper the Helmsman makes for a fine canada
And that is why most likely Angela Merkel will be shown the door .... albeit too late ..
What does Justin have to do with this editorial opinion? Tiresome.
excellent read, a job well done... perfect.
Your Montreal, QC compatriots voted for him, plefebvre. He's their MP.
Then WOW it is.
It's the reverse right now- more than 60% of Canada being bent (as in tortured) by a 33% in mostly rural Alberta and Saskatchewan. It shouldn't work either and has harmed the entire country
In so far as the Liberal Party held office for much of the 20th century that would be accurate. However the government of John Diefenbaker continued the practice begun in the 1950s of actively ferreting out real or suspected gays.
And most of Harper's caucus is still made up of hateful, homophobic, racist, sexist, redneck anti-abortion, religious bigots.
correctomundo... same tub, same bathwater and same slurpers... they call Conservatives stupid... these birds are as transparent as a pane of window glass
"The kids will pay four times as much for tuition" There is no tuition in public school.
You might try to learn some punctuation and grammar too.
What video scandal? Court says you are innocent till proven guilty!
One doesn't have to look to Facebook for fake news. Who remembers Hillary 'dodging sniper fire', or Brian Williams of MSNBC and his lies about Iraq and helicopters, or the Rolling Stone campus rape story?
Says the greatest liberal lackey. Your word means nothing, so if you understand acronyms, BIOYA!!
LOL, comments from Canada will not change the course of the US election.
Yes, if you have some money and do not need to work then the south of France is nice. Otherwise, not so much!
When in Rome do what the Romans do!
I was in Asia as well. There were some nice countries there such as Japan which has much less division than Canada.
god that's stupid
Harper will appear at The Hague after Chr?tien is found guilty of ordering prisoners to be handed over to the American for torture and detention in Gitmo.
Well put, Fred.
Since 1867.
http://www.mainstreetresearch.ca/2015/07/24/conservative-christmas-in-july/
Where did I say I "hate" Quebec?
Yes, pleasant. And slow and inefficient.
sageLook at a map. If you go north of Prince Rupert, the next valley over is the Nass Valley. It will never happen there. Any north of that is the USA. If you want to go there, you might as well go with electro-rail's suggestion.
found guilty of what alex?
Write more tickets!
He's only compared himself to Jesus, but it was a joke told at the Alfred E Smith Memorial Foundation Dinner last week.
Absolutely! If our country is to remain 'glorious and free' I'm quite sure it's not going to be due to the supernatural intervention of an all-powerful, all-knowing, invisible being.
Why? And what is the answer to the question?
Let's hope he gets some adult supervision.
And when you move out there will be someone else that steps in to fill the void. Someone that doesn't feel so entitled to their entitlements. Someone that doesn't mind giving back to a society that has given them so much. Clown shoes. MrC
Amazing. Thank goodness the Clinton web of deceit hasn't yet taken over Apple autocorrect, Inspektor. Once that happens we know we are in deep deep doo-doo.
About time that Cuba had a real revolution and got rid of the tin pot dictators of the Castro family and their ilk.
You keep telling yourself that...
How come everyone forgets that the Liberals and NDP demanded that the CPC Government go even deeper into debt.
And he walks on water...
So much for Quebec kids wishing Liberal arts dgress and working (perhaps) at Radio Canada... how about training for real jobs they can give you that will buy you a house in a few years?
harper was not a doer. he was an undoer.
Anyone asking that question is not worth corresponding with. Get honest and challenge all that he has done.
lefty I know dozens of professionals who consume Cannabis and are very successful. How is you life in the trailer park( where very few consume Cannabis but do smoke cigarettes and beer.)
Sadly, child were molested at far too many boarding schools throughout North America over those same years. Btw I've seen, heard as much racist labelling and hyberbole form Fns as I have from non-Fns. Stooping to the same level is no way forward.
Teachers do not 'diagnose' anyone.
I forgot.. according to Trudeau, this has something to do about dicks.. is this an admission about something?
All this unreadable gibberish make you appear to be the loon.
Dream on. Wrong or wrong, it's common usage.
Jeffrey, Jeffrey, I am thinking this sounds very 'un Canadian'! I'm also thinking the baby sitter driver will be having you on a naughty list. There will be an 'inspector' comming to 'vist' you.
The problem in messes like this is that no one knows what a 'win' looks like or, if we do figure that out, what comes next. Look at Lybia.
I want an intelligent leader. JT isn't.
It's funny how our ideologies align nicely with how we get our paycheques. This supposed-'educator' (really, indoctrinator) is no different than the rest of us schlubs.
None. Read official conbot answer 4.5a.
Consumption tax - pay for what you use. Perhaps the most conservative idea out there. The flat blanket taxes are rather the opposite, since they are punitive for no specific reason.
Bravely spoken, Dean Snowdon. Be sure to express yourself to whomever you work for when you are not happy with their decisions.
That job would be a piece of cake, given how little Dear Leader communicates with the tired, huddled masses.
Clever come back!
I think he should be tried for treason for deliberately, willfully, and with for knowledge attempting to subvert our democratic institutions. If not treason, sedition would do.
So Rennie can just order up these articles whenever he wants now?
You cannot have it both ways canada. You are either in the game or out - stop your never ending whining!
The NDP left the Liberals with a large surplus. That was confirmed by the auditor general at the time.
They won under FPTP. Did you forget that?
Scary is clueless from Halifax.
I await Justin to do the same after his first meeting with a President Trump.
You must be totally referring to yourself, sorry to hear about that - get well soon.
your comment is so uninformed and has nothing to do with Venezuela. If you want to know the truth read my comment above and get informed.
messrs hudak and harper are proof that professional politcians make lousy politicians.
If it matters I am not Asian; I'm just reporting what I saw.
Buy America is already a violation of NAFTA. It's too bad no one has the gonads to take the US to court over this or launch a Chapter 11 lawsuit against the US government.
PIII you are really losing it man. Chill. Have a toke with the Mayor.
Keep up the censorship G&M, apparently only the Left is allowed to comment!
Margaret, if you are a naturalized Canadian, you already have one of the finest, most coveted citizenships in the world. You don't need anyone else's. Cut, cut, cut away...
Hey, it's in our DNA. We're hard-wired to go after the money!
Is it not racist to automatically assume that a white police officer is guilty?
Irrespective of anyone imitating anyone, having a "red flag" of an (original) moniker, does not imply that your mind/opinion are any more enlightened than those you denigrate for usurping your name.
She does have a yoga instructor on her team maybe he could get them all to do the mellow out OOOOMMMM thing. That should fix all those silly financial things.
On the contrary he is defining the issues that the establishment can't handle.
How is JT setting a bad example as you say?
Kidding about what, bnose? Harper's deficits are just facts.
The GG could help you with that. It is part of his responsibilities.
There's another legal maxim which says ' If they didn't want us to use those loopholes, they wouldn't have put them there in the first place'. Which is right up there with' It is easier to ask for forgiveness than to ask for permission'.
And your last reported I.Q?
Well, maybe YOUR poor choices. You know nothing about their conditions.
Well said. Brought back fond memories of Stockwell Day.
The NDP gave their vote of confidence to S. Harper to take out the Liberals.
EARL,, nothing moore does is great, its propaganda pal
You forgot the most important part. Taxation of course but who needs to worry about that when living in the parents basement
Taking money from Saudi Arabia. That's the purview of the Republicans isn't it? Remember Bush allowing the Family to leave the USA after the 911 attacks?
When they've got nothing to say, they resort to name calling.
Harper wishes to build more modern, humane hell-holes?
What proof have they got that these people are in Russian service? None shown so far.
Somebody wins: Harper must be cackling in his bullet proof closet.
Steve Jobs wasn't eleven years old! This is about the rights of children...
Yep. Anger and intelligence do not mix. What you want to do out of anger is exactly the opposite of what you should do.
http://users.humboldt.edu/jwpowell/sisyphus.htm
DougM5, Cite one incidence where Tea Partier ever commit violence. In your view, religious fanatic you call Tea Partier are the ones who will chop your head off with a meat cleaver.
I would suspect that pilots that need to go into hostile airspace would prefer a jet with stealth and state of the art sensors over twin engines given the choice. Flying around in Canada, perhaps two engines would seem more important.
Mary Marxist Trash
Perhaps we should not mention god, richard - that mysterious entity is behind all this. How about 'but for the grace of Gaia '?
One week is a long time in Politics....who cares, not most on a Friday
I totally agree. A total waste.
It's sad to have to remember the Mulrooney years fondly. But at least then, ministers, although sleazy, were individuals with minds, accomplishments, and a conscience of their own (albeit flawed).
no one is asking us to take all of them
@EsperanzaGodot: no one is suggesting 'making it a crime to look at a picture of anything of any type' just looking at pictures of child porn. Where's the confusion?
CBC is mainly now a grossly over-funded, feather our own nest, make-work project for those with connections; and most of whom couldn't make it in the regular, competitive world.
What a lack of knowledge! Israel accepted the 1948 borders according to the UN resolution and partition plan. Those were the Arabs who opposed it and launched a war one to kick Jews out of Palestine?ignorance could sometimes be dangerous.
Anne Golden's a huge socialist too. The garbage spewing out of her mouth is laughable.
my, aren't we a special snowflake?
Well, the Americans elected their first 'Twitter' President so why can Canada have it's first 'Twitter' PM ? It's all about flash and show and we see how well that turned out for the U.S.
They are doing the Radio on a long weekend? I would have thought the cottage beckoned.
Ark brings up firewall Alberta all on his own - thinking to myself - he must realize that is a problematic position of Harper's for many patriotic Canadians.
At least you're going out in style!
'whether Mr. Trump is a bona fide fascist or just an opportunistic rabble-rouser'He's both; it's hard to be just a 'rabble-rouser'
I don't think it is as simple as you described! A Geordie probably does not understand a Cockney, but they both speak English! A Nowegian may understand a little Swedish by they are two different languages!
This makes no sense whatsoever.
I'm not sure that I understand what you are getting at, but if you think that Erdogan is an anglo/zionist stooge, I would like to have some of what you are smoking.
@Northrop FryeYour feelings got hurt? Wanna talk about it? Or you'd prefer yoga.
The affirmative action system is meant to counteract centuries of discrimination. Otherwise they would never get anywhere.
I'm pretty sure that Ed knows Mr. Butts quite well.
Can't wait until he is PM - it just can't come quickly enough.
to support McGuilty, no brain required.
No and you never will.
There are a number of commercial proposals to export out heavy crude oil. There is a regulatory process to go through. One or more will happen in addition to our exports to the U.S.
Margaret Wente's response to climate change? Do nothing. And she calls this a mature response to this crisis.
Hello Wotsrite! You posted in the wrong place on the board. You need to go find the post written by somebody who said that all Christians, Muslims etc should be tarred with the same brush as the extremists among them, and then post under that post.
Other than a thinly veiled attempt to say, 'see, Harper was right to not allow refuge to the displaced Syrians', what is the point of this article? What solution is Wente proposing?
Yes... they are 505 homicides too many... How about statistics on other violent crimes.. assaults, armed robbery etc.
Do you like paying taxes with no justification?
Hilliary is trying to start WWIII with Russia. Obama and Hilliary started the war in Syria, not Trump.
edV2... stop digging, it is not helping...
Sorry, I meant 'Whip out your chequebook'
I agree that the more people vote, the better. All parties will be trying to get their bases out. Get busy right now!
Probably the most dangerous concept ever conceived of in a democratic state.
Trump will make America great again.
Awwww.. the nostalga of losing a job makes it feel better... My comment to this, that was then, this is now!!
Life, you might want to read these articles http://www.avitale.com/developmentalreview.htm http://www.shb-info.org/sexbrain.html
uh... "thoughtful"? when she didn't even bother to read the book?
Actually, it is 140%
The federal government already paid the churches to run residential schools. Did you imagine they just took on the job for free?
Simple. They make it up.
Absolutely PRICELESS!!!
'The industry of distractionMakes us forgetThat we live in a universe.'John O'Donohue
Maybe she should blame sexism for the loss?
They never got my trust ...or my voteNeither did the ndp
I was there, way up in the Delta, talking to folks, about 15 years ago. They were desperate, and really screwed by the environmentalist lobby.
Climate changes. Always has, always will. Only fool believes it does not.
Except that there is nothing to show for that spending but some ads. The money isn't accounted for, which is a surprise I guess given the way conservatives waste money on $12 orange juice, makeup artists and helicopter trips to the cottage.
What Quebec wants is Chinese immigrants who drop off half a $-million on their way to Vancouver.
Perhaps Monsanto's lawyers could file suit against the weeds while its researchers work on a new patentable replacement or modification of glyphosate.
Education: YESBrainwash: NO
FORD DID NOT WANT TAXES FOR TRANSIThow they gloated this week that Ford was defeated blah blah blah because Counci was going to discuss taxesyes they discussed and rejected most of the taxesjust what ford wanted
I think you must be insane. The Thomson family is deeper blue than the ocean.
Hey, Tony, you might want to start by turfing the outmoded, sexist phrase 'honey do' list. One other piece of advice: when trying to right the Conservative ship, best to use lifeboats rather than gazebos.
This one was very biased !
Yes bombs kill people.. what insight. Sometimes it is necessary!
Keep you head firmly planted in the sand dougy
If doctors didn't cost the system so much , more of them would be on hand to deal with the short comings. Maybe docs would consider volunteering or slashing their gross compensation.
Oh BTW, I forgot to mention, I'm a man.
I'll believe when I see it.
Free drugs and social housing for addicts, someone's dream will come true.
Touched a nerve there eh? :D Based on the vast majority of comments here, and yours of course, perhaps it wouldn't hurt if you do.
Get right on that case, Inspector Clouseau.
When you come from a country whose president gained his office due to the Chicago mob and who was killed in a mob hit, one can see why a lot of their citizens don't trust their government.
what a dumb article
So its all Harpers Fault? Take a deep breath. And where is your ability to form a proper paragraph. Teacher huh?
When will Canada start treating its First Nations' people equally ? Why is Canada an apartheid society in its treatment of these people ? Look at their health statistics if you want proof.
How is this deflection? If the law can be interpreted so as to allow cooks and hairdressers, it can certainly accommodate nannies. Some sort of emotional response is disengaging your cognitive faculties.
and they deserve every penny and more.
People have the oddest reaction to teachers. I believe this is because many people see their teachers as surrogate parents and express the anger and frustration that they feel but cannot express towards their parents ( read Freud )
The Thomson group/family (1%) now own the Glib and Stale: http://www.thestar.com/business/2015/08/14/woodbridge-takes-full-ownership-of-globe-and-mail-buys-remaining-stake-from-bce.html
Pure nonsense you wanna say the Golden age had more misery? You know, back when we were far more socialist than now?
Are Russians remorseful about barrel bombing civilians?
I wonder what the rural/urban split was in MA. I'm willing to bet it wasn't urban areas that voted Trump.
'''My point is that nobody can screw it up too badly for too long ? not Mr. Trudeau, not Mr. Harper, not Mr. Mulcair. '''The earlier Trudeau certainly did.
Gag, sorry my point of view doesn't suit you, it seems OK for many others
JohnRB, I'm currently living in Victoria working at UVic. Lol keep trying
Can't we just take thousands of Mali refugees instead? Everybody loves refugees, amIright?
'Neighbours turning against neighbours' as one poster mentioned encapsulates what may occur. Thanks Justin.
'?of a piece with a troubling trend.' You got that right. We are looking the poison fruit of relentless Harperite incitement and hatred.
Dick... you talk a lot... but you aren't saying anything (apologies to the Talking Heads)
stop being so sexist. it's unbecoming.
In other words you have no academic credentials.
.... and Hillary is as guilty as sin .... like her husband except that she has the blood of Benghazi on her hands .... {{{shudder}}}
Wow. Your replies make so little sense, I have to assume you took some kind of psychotropic drug before you logged on. Um... might want to reconsider that next time. Just sayin'.
Lester Pearson and Mackenzie King were not personality cultists. They were calculating politicians with a keen eye on the tide of public opinion in the times they lived and governed.
Yes! Let's get Israel's nuclear weapons banned and banished. This religious state has oppressed and suppressed so much it should not be trusted with WMDs (nuclear and chemical).
You should read more before you post. Every question you ask has obvious answers. They aren't hard to discover if you are sincerely interested.
Such war-mongering propaganda is an embarrassment to the Canadian people. No mention of the violent coup which overthrew the democratically elected of government or the neo-Nazi forces committing massacres and false flag operations! 1984!
If they move back here and live here long enough there is no problem, but we don't need or want any more Cancons.
just like our other Sex Education curriculum ..... parents have the option to take their child our of that class if they so choose to...
Yet more evidence that the Clownservatives are in over their head. There is a rising tide of Canadians that are having their eyes open to the corrupt regime that is the PMO. Time to post a pic of you petting a cat Steve.
So under Harper you are claiming that murder rates are increasing? Please site a link to that. Actually explain to the people exactly why this guy deserves a second chance after killing 3 Mounties?
For Canadians today, it is a mark of honour to be on Harper's hit list. It's something one will be able to proudly tell one's grandchildren.
Ron regards the Puffster as the source of all truth. 'nuff said.
Rich I am responding to a comment, which talks about overpopulation and overconsumption of resources. Please try to read something longer than 140 characters. Peace
Sorry, writing from my phone, u it it right. Anyways, a two part system gives voters a district choice. Think of the two parties as a coalition of many smaller groups. In the end it's the same. Cheers
Opposing the Leap is just more Neanderthal thinking from the oily Alberta outback! Even the Saudis want to wean themselves off the toxic sludge and have called it out for the 'addiction' it is!
Stop taking our tax money, shill.
How lopsided is it to recognize that a neighbour's unequivocal resolve to annihilate the Jews in Israel is a non-starter for peaceful co-existence?The rockets and the tunnels simply confirm that resolve.
How is the issue of consent a feminist issue? Consent, or lack thereof, is a legal concept. As a mother of sons, I certainly want my children to know that yes means yes. It protects my sons as much as it protects some other parents' daughters.
You work for CIDA right?
Great article
A couple of outlier temperatures and you become an expert on climate change? Winters in Canada have been a few degrees warmer on average for the last 10 years. Write about something where you have some expertise, leave science to the scientists.
If we can move past first-past-the-post voting, parties will fight for the centre instead of appealing to lunatics on the fringes.
'Artificial, banal and contrived.' The man standing in front of 'those people.'
Thanks great post.
hangdog no evidence presented in a legitimate court has proven that khadr murdred anyone... --------- he was CONVICTED the fact he is applying for BAIL means he accepts the CONVICTION he is lucky he was not tried anywhere in the Middle East
Many of those people you describe are entrepreneurs and small-businessmen who hate the competition-stifling and bureaucratic EU. Only big business likes the EU, because they can afford to pay the lobbyists to get their way.
It was like it was written by Ricky from Sunnyvale Trailer Park.
berube, writes: 'every time I Watch the news, I hear reports of Jihadist attacks. . .'I think that was one of Simpson's points.
Nobody believes what this b$tch has say. Useless woman.
I think that was the point the vets sought to make: that they need a "holistic" approach to health care, and not the bureaucratic-style "care" they've received so far.
CBC does record audio on the floor of the House. Any chances the 'Get the F--k out of the way' recordings get released? Doubtful....
yeah, this issue has me outraged
There is nobody who is more to blame for this then the Canadian electorate. It started on the east coast.
Ad hominem arguments are poor substitutes for facts, but that is what Mark does. What J4All does is soil himself publicly.
She could realize the next day that she didn't really mean it.
El Guapo, it's a reflex response for CPC adherents to simply attack the journalist for calling it like it is. Your bias, and electoral sympathies, have been revealed.
Actually, it's "Hear, hear" - unless you're calling your dog :P
Wow! Are your guys even reading the news?! You can't empathize whatsoever with refugees who have lost everything and are, in some cases, walking literally hundreds of miles with no respite?! Many with infants? That's cold, man!
Point of order - the cops on Toronto Job sites are paid-duty (being paid by the contractors) and not on regular salary. It's still a waste, just not of tax dollars...
Hardly. Read Camilla Long from The Times and I'm sure she ready to go on suicide watch...............
I would assume that English is not her/his first language and avoid condescending comments. After all, we all understood her points and she 's commenting on mathematics peformance.
What a scurrilous attack. You should be ashamed of yourself.
ah Canada's march to killing & death for lifestyle & personal preference. We would have all made good plantation owners1
'I love the poorly educated.' - Donald J. TrumpI can see why he would.
Fine then. Let London separate from the UK to remain a prosperous banking center for the EU. I'd like to see how the salt-of-the-earth Little Englanders do without those despised 'elites' to prop up the finances.
Governments love simple solutions to complex problems. Doesn't matter if they are ineffective.
I wish that Liquor Laws could be applied to Religion. No mumbo jumbo until over 21.
Right up there with, drink 8 glasses of water a day.
no one said the sky is falling yes = the climate is changing and THAT is harper's fault but the sky? even harper can't bribe god
I take it you are part time fiction writer?
yeah, agreed. Man, if you can't make it HERE... whew.
....Agreed.....some have had tremendous success... while others have not done so well.....not so well at all
What I saw was that we are being paid too much according to pig fascists. Germany is not all roses either. http://tarpley.net/the-hartz-iv-workfare-system-why-merkels-much-touted-german-economic-powerhouse-is-built-on-sand/
Other than the debacle created in Ontario, you have been doing a pizz poor job.
So being offensive is funny? If this fellow would have been offensive to me, he could have picked up his teeth on the pavement...
And one of those causes of the obstructionism was The Birther Card pulled by Trump.
'They are all the same, those politicians (fill in the blanks)'Chatting with a Conservative supporter who made that comment. That is how they rationalize their vote. Pathetic
WHAT A 'MILQUETOAST' EDITORAL! After reading it, I was aghast at the equivocation!!!
Makes you wonder. Was this article published by the Globe entirely because of its content? Being forced to ask this question undermines the people all this nonsense is trying to serve.
Drivers pay gas taxes, taxes on their vehicles. taxes on their service and repairs, tire taxes, and on and on while TTC riders get subsidized, grow up and start reporting facts dude,
I am glad you're such an expert on police and public safety decisions... obviously you must have years - nay decades - of experience in such situations? Perhaps you can get an actual job now and use that big brain to better society.
It pays to keep some mints close by
Really? Got a link?
.. Exactly !// ..
And somehow he had enough money as a career politician to buy a golf course while in office.
One proof of this is the way dual US-Canadian citizens are dealt with in tax law.
So why spend a ridiculous amount of money just to end still having to carry around a silly pod??
Yep raising the corporate tax rate by 2%, not 20%. If the tax rate really changed by 20% it would be 30% not the current 12%.
On second glance my comment looks pretty random. I have one of Ferguson's books around somewhere, mostly unread.
How many thousands of Cuban soldiers died as Soviet imperial communist proxies in the killing fields of Africa?....thanks to Fidel.
the Chinese know that it is better to buy other people's resources on the cheap and keep your own resources in the ground.
You say looking to improve yourself is a bad thing?
Rote is indeed mandatory at the basic arithmetic level. Arithmetic is axiomatic - if you 'discover' something it is called a mistake !
but that was not done so forget it if the dog had not stoppd for a s..t h would have caught the rabbit also
Your view of culture is as a dead thing - that's not the way anyone else needs to see it.Learning is cultural - some learn to square dance, some go to school to become dentists.
I think he meant "shouts". This is what happens when you can't edit your own comment.
Nobody in their right mind wants to go to Scarborough anyway. He needs it for his buddie's drug runs.
The Harper party should go WITH Harper -- to jail.
Yes, it's not them, it's us. Too funny little fella.
There is no connection between the events in Cologne and the Syrian refugees coming to Canada who are both Christians and Muslims. We shouldn't burden them with our suspicions and prejudices.
We need to ban offshore buying of residential real estate. It should have been done a decade ago.
Canadian cold warriors would be heading for political oblivion the moment a Canadian soldier died on the Dniester. Or the Bug or the Dnieper. Harper and Baird know that full well so we have nothing to worry about.
However, each group will still benefit by as much as they can afford to put in. The annual contribution could be capped if one makes too high an annual income but that still would not help the lower income earners.
It took me five paragraphs to realize this wasn't satire.
Families are not put through the hearings. They don't have to attend.
Peter: I think yours is a good summary. An additional point: As I recall, David Crombie was not all that unusual for his own day, certainly not as unusual as he would appear to today's conservatives.
'''Gun maker stocks rise in wake of Orlando shooting'''Boston Globe
That was uncalled for!
I think you meant the 2 'least accomplished leaders'.
It was women and children first.. the husbands/fathers stayed on the ship. But here, the married men and gay men are bailing along with the children.
That's only because over 90% of Trump's words and deeds are anti-Trump.
The climate change scam is about the destruction of the free market capitalist system world wide, and replacing it with a neo Marxist Leninist system. As we've seen already, it is tyrannical, and responsible for many deaths already.
Precisely.
Child brides have mothers. What are they doing about it? In the U.S., beauty pageants s*xualizing little girls have a lot of appeal for some women, unfortunately.
Vegas, baby!
Seriously? Have to admit that is a new conspiracy theory to me. I am pretty sure every single Canadian can find out anything they want about Scandinavian countries by turning on a computer, reading a newspaper or asking questions.
From Thief Spence on down, they are all rather unsophisticated folk... like overgrown teenagers...?
that would do it !
Don't confuse 'big' with 'best'.Chicago and Vancouver have excellent airport rapid transit connections. Toronto has the 'Airport Rocket'....big league... or bush league?
Personally I think I'll put my trust in published work and hard data from Natural Resources Canada rather than poster Citizen 1. http://www.beaufortrea.ca/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/4.2-D-Whalen-Coastal-Geosciences.pdf WARNING: contains facts
YES you are right. These taxi companies pay $559 to city and $200 to PTB annually per taxi.
NETNUB - you mean PE Trudeau's tough on terrorist action? I think you Harperites secretly rub yourselves raw lusting after that moment when the Canadian state confronted the FLQ.
The Thomsons' real time net worth is $26.7 Billion and they are laying off employees ?https://www.glassdoor.ca/Reviews/Employee-Review-Thomson-Reuters-RVW6655604.htmThe Mop and Pail should be ashamed of itself
We don't have MPPs in Newfoundland and Labrador. We have MHAs (Member of the House of Assembly).
Article: ' ... which emotion ruled ? fear, hope or apathy .. 'How about just plain ignorance of ....
Malaysia does though.
No, it didn't. Please read my comment (again if necessary)
' ..it should be noted that employers did not necessarily endorse receiving administrative penalties, let alone citations for workplace regulation violations...'Well - dhu ! Who likes a speeding ticket ?! If the employers didn't like it - so what.
I wish the person who voted against my post had explained why.
I have also had a post zapped by the moderators for suggesting users/subscribers let their opinion be known.
If Mr Chan is calling the Globe a liar then he should ask for a retraction or take them to court
in the 'progressive' stack do they ask for details of income and assets before deciding the place in the stack ?
My thoughts exactly!
What solution are you proposing? Have you cut your CO2 emissions by 50%, let alone 90-95%?
Being wise and prudent is punished in Canada. Through envy or entitlement the capable are despised.
You're right I don't. Everyone has to right to not become a Canadian citizen.
A waste of ink and bandwidth.
Well said W N.
And rightly so, you wine loving terrorist! (jk of course.)
I wish the MSM in general and the Globe in particular, would stop acting like they need to be the public relations arm of Islam.
The Father of Secularism was a medieval Muslim. Ibn Rushd, aka Averroes, lived in the 12th century. He was a brilliant scientist, philosopher, and Islamic theologian.
Canada1- Canada is a better place to live, unless of course 'you' are in the 1% of the wealthiest Americans. Canada is rapidly becoming Greece with snow.............
Appropriate for Steveo... just look at him
Stop reading the Sun. This is unsupportable nonsense spewed by Reform and the Fraser Institute. http://www.thestar.com/opinion/commentary/2014/03/21/ontario_is_no_california_when_it_comes_to_debt.html
So in your world only leftists follow the law of the land? My Ten Cents cited the Constitution.
'Curtail demand, not supply. The goal should be reducing demand for carbon fuels, not artificially and ineffectually trying to strangle Canada?s production of carbon fuels.'Then stop subsidizing Ontario's Auto industry
I least he did it himself and didn't send one of his thugs out to do it.
*east asian
We don't need a law until one doctor in the land gets caught selling gender selection abortion services. Knowing that the present comfort is just one extremist with a medical license away from turmoil should reasonably give pause for thought.
What a statement....Democrats hate successful whites. You overlooked mentioning about the GOP hating blacks and using voter suppression tactics.
Fox, Harper did to the conservatives what Trump is doing to the GOP. Cant wait for the Harper investigations to start and Harper to take the stand. Funny how Harper and Trump had the same hair style with a different shade....
I have posted below the system of faith more atheists generally follow. I agree it is not required, but most atheists ascribe their faith to contemporary science and the scientific method, though perhaps, you do not.
ummmmmmmmmmm-you misspelled 'best'
Actually all of the issues that Gord raises in the article have been thoroughly debated and largely dismissed in other jurisdictions. He is likely raising them only because he has received campaign donations from the taxi companies.
Trudeau's people had better be watching.
$41K a year is what drive-thru people make in AB, and yet we can't keep the windows staffed, and screw up your order. Is adding extra salt to the burger bag a tough job, throw a handful in. I will give you a $5 tip. But no
It is a major issue. Transgendered people are at real risk of physical and/or sexual assault.
Same difference.
And more than half the sitting judges are Harper appointees so if they are corrupt, by extension so is Harper because he appointed them.
Aren't they cancelling the Conservative handouts to families with kids? That cost billions too.
Marc Garneau - overwhelming first choice as Liberal leader . . . by Harper Conservatives. Or so they say.
You will soon learn that you have miscalculated.
Sure more immigrants. But none of the religion that dare not speak its name. Their numbers are starting to change the culture of the city for the worse. Ask any woman who dares to ride the metro after sunset.
Yes we are doing ok. Not spectacular but yes something to be proud off. However definitely we can do better.
I really hope you're right! I'm not a tech idiot, but this situation is making me feel pretty vulnerable.
Morrisey hasn't been relevant or interesting for decades, and shame on you for being so casually judgemental about people.
Graham Fraser is an old, tired apologist for the frenchies, period. The only reason to learn French is so that you can get a job in Federal bureaucracy. The 3 world languages are English, Mandarin and Spanish. French is dying and soon will be dead.
You don't require anything from a company? Ummm, you do get paid don't you?
Of course. But men aren't allowed to say this, any more.
Sort of thing Rumpole of the Bailey might say.
Or it might become like Trinity Western University.
No one knows here because no one is actually in the know here. What the general public knows is public knowledge that is out there. No insiders here.
Noone cares what you think
It was a neighbour who escaped he revolution who said that he didn't feel welcomed but he was a child then so perhaps he was remembering some unkind children's comments.
The actors: in 1980's- 'Birth of Al Quaeda'- Cheney, Wolfowitz and Rumsfeld. In the 2000's Birth of IS et al - Cheney, Wolfowitz and Rumsfeld. What goes around, comes around. Any questions?
The epitaph on Klein's tomb should read, 'Dear God, let there be another oil boom and I promise not to pi$$ it away this time.'
Yep. There's nothing more dangerous to a Con than an enlightened electorate.
Perhaps more accurately 'Clearly, this editor, being a raging feminist.....'
It's still way better than the other national paper (NP).
He wants to kill all family members of a terrorist. Drumph should be in jail for hate crimes.
Was Malala Yousafzai registered for the course? Funding to York using our Tax $ must stop .Let them source from Saudi .
zorro; there is some logic in his comment, he is only suggesting separating them, I would like to know more about the benefit/risk of doing that.
Well it seems those stupid attack ads have garnished your attention as well as a couple of hundred others McGee. If you have moved on - why haven't you moved on then?
Really, what absolute balderdash. Sorry, but that's the way I see it.
Of course you think that. You have no respect for anyone who disagrees with you. Go back to your sandbox.
Rona Ambrose called for a round of applause for the media today. Easy to see why.
So then - Blind eye on rapist in Canada? Do you buy that?
Alceste - Your reading comprehension is better than that, I'm sure.
They're the perfect couple -- each one a perfect fit with the other.
can you point to 'overwhelming scientific evidence ' that temperatures actually rising ?
Gotta love the enlightened leftists that can't rise above petty name calling.
Here we see Victimitis in her natural habitat, pouncing with non-sequiturs, red herrings and mistruths.
Dont quit your day job. If you have one.
Well if the region around ODessa decides to vote to leave Ukraine then transinistria is right across the border in Moldova... so it could join a new Odessan autonomous region...
Harper's family also flew on the government jet, including to hockey games in the U.S.
Well Said Peter. I for one would have all refugee males between 18-40 conscripted into a fighting force to take back their lands. The Pole's and French did this in WWII
>>Canadians are poised to take in more Syrians. Let?s do itRather uppity - speaking on behalf of all Canadians.
Please provide proof. Muslims in Canada have no issue with our civilization. I work with many, their children are the same as mine.
Splice, it's knowing that freaks like you have guns that scares me. You should give up your gun and make yourself a good tinfoil hat. At least you can't kill anybody at a distance with that.
That is pretty well what Ms. Wente said. it is an elitist course.
MACKINNONJWM: "last time I looked it was 360ppm" Atmospheric CO2 levels passed 360 ppm in the spring of 1995. Your statement sheds some light on your nonsensical posts, MAC.
Bloomberg is a hard core global warmist and nanny state social engineer. He wants to tax American's heat and what they eat. The Repubs would love to see him in.
Ah yes, the good ol' days of feudalism.
Sprinkler systems and NO smoking!!!!!! anywhere.......
STV is not PR.
If NATO had respected the 1991 verbal agreement between George H.W. Bush and Michal Gorbachev and not pushed to the borders of Russia, there would be a lot less threat to peace.
I had already seen at least two articles printed in the Globe and Mail on this topic earlier this week including one on the front page so your criticism is off.
Most Canadians did want electoral reform; they just didn't know what. Perhaps we should wait and see what the committee comes up with. I vote for ranked ballot, myself. Simple and effective- just as the various parties use to choose their leaders.
That religion crap is sure 'far out man'....people believe this putrid drivel? To the insane asylum you crazy bible thumping crackers.
If he was you would not be concerned about 'thumbs down'
Canada under Macdonald gave sanctuary to Sitting Bull and the Sioux 1876 after Custers' 7th Calvary annihilation.
The Leap Manifesto brings to mind Mao's Great Leap Forward. An estimated 75 million lives were lost because of that well-meaning initiative.
She speaks! Stop the presses. Nothing comes out of that department.
Every Conservative government since PE Trudeau has had 'good relations with a communist, totalitarian state like China'. They too understood 'realpolitik'.
'Those Countries ARE BOMBED.'......You mean countries like the USA, Norway, Mexico, Columbia, Brazil, Argentina, France, UK. Oil producing nations like those??
So if you worked in the tobacco industry, would you be in favour of it?
If a ball bounces into water, does it not get wet?
IT WOULD APPEAR IF SOME FOLKS WANTED TO HAVE LESS THAN HALF OF THE CHANNELS THEY HAVE TO PAY FOR 'PACKAGES'....THEY WOULD PAY MORE..!!WDF ??
What if they don't want to integrate?
Rich, Precisely. Fascists are not shy and retiring. They enjoy being fascists and they want the whole world to know they're proud of it. Americans have been "friendly" fascists for decades. Trump legitimiizes being angry fascists.
So, there has been no inequity through history. Or just when did we reach the Golden Mean of hiring equity ?
Ever heard of Stalin, Mao or Pol Pot?
Thank God for a reasoned approach. Well Done JGH!
At publicx: can you think of no changes that would make this a better bill?
And ,attracts leftist trolls.
The increased taxes to those over $200,000 will hit virtually every doctor in Canada. And who pays their income? The provinces. Don't be surprised if our doctors demand more money from the provinces.
Martin may not have had a vision many find exciting but he pulled us out of a dive, which is quite an accomplishment.
During the Chretien years, Canada was often at the top of the Human Development Index, probably the best overall measure of a country's well-being. We have now dropped to number 8.
A liar and a crook to the core! He should be in jail not on the front page of the Globe.
Dyson is also not a climatologist. He's a physicist. Would you take a climatologists thinking on physics over a physicist's?
A Breitbart link. That's credible. Here's mine: http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2015/sep/23/donald-trump/hillary-clinton-obama-birther-fact-check/
Probably been said before, no prayer before council meetings but need, must to get 'God keep our land' out of the National Anthynm.
' As an intellectual force, she has few peers ' Gary , unfortunately the Queen ,does not have any 'Common Sense' and that is more important when playing with other peoples money.
Oh Gibson, if that's what you think passes for clever, then you really have descended into senility.
Law already covers those scenariosJust like they have to show their face in court and to get government ID
Berlin was a centre of art and literature in the 1920's under the Weimar Republic. Before 1914 it was a militaristic and philistine city, under Kaiser Wilhelm II.
is Dante here for mature discussion and debate ? or just to be a smart aleck?
The most revealing thing about his 'joke' is that we seem to view crying as a weakness. Do women cry more than men? Possibly.Does this make them weaker or 'more emotional'? No, that's ridiculous. If you believe it does show me the science.
You have no idea what you are talking about. The world owes me nothing more than it owes you.
wolfhall, If Obama's politically correct capitulation to gay marriage was his greatest 'accomplishment', it's no wonder liberalism is dying in the US just as it nearly died in Canada under Jean Chretien.
The Poles ............. and Dutch still remember the last idiot who talked like Trump.
@DC Toronto - whoops, my bad! Change comment to 'below Grade 8 reading level'...
I'll third that, been saying this for quite some time.
and you should be ashamedAshamed for pretending that the incarceration of a juvenile terrorist is akin to the execution of an innocent early teen shameful
DND needs to worry less about Canadian content and sub-contractors and more about getting the best tool for the best price. If a Canadian firm can design and sell something at competitive price point, then by all means buy it.
Wow, Cassandra. A comment from you that is entirely logical and that I can agree with. Well done.
RonPacific has figured it all out but America's best and brightest clearly don't have a clue.
Abolish the Senate.
To Michele Strategic voting means you know and admit you cannot win by non-strategic voting do we want Liberal and NDP MP's who have no confidence ? who know that they were not really the people's first choice STRATEGIC VOTING is for losers
only those afflicted with that progressive disease known as liberalism are still on the honeymoon.
lets go............ the sooner we get rid of this piece of filth the betterTime to take back Canada and her democracy
If anything is ruining the country life, it's the city yuppies buying up the property out here.
Yes, the PC have a great record on that, too. They have intentionally cut funding for affordable housing. See below: http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/30-000-canadians-are-homeless-every-night-1.1413016
Reducing the formula for annual increases from 6% to 3% is a reduction. The amount of funds increases, but the deficit increases faster. When inflation is 6%, a 3% increase is a reduction.
she knows like all smart people his man child is way beyond hope... he can hardly form sentences at this point
The main government agency responsible for determining whether rehabilitated animals are releasable is the Department of Fisheries and Oceans.
Perhaps men need to be better than women. Makes just as much sense.
If the boomers had paid their way we wouldn't have so much provincial and federal debt.
A FEW Years back COFFEE ENEMAS were all the rage in Mexico ......... and bloodless surgery in the Phillipines .......... Snake venom for ALS in Boca Raton
Preston Manning doesn't deserve to be lumped in with this lot. He had principles.
Yup - and a chunk of that is the carbon tax. Which Alberta will soon experience.
Harper isn't bullying JT.He's trying to, and failing. JT can take care of himself. Ask Harper's boy Patrick Brazeau.
at the ventre of it all is rob ford. His lies and rhetoric has parlayzed everyone
You can buy a 4L bag of 2% at most grocery stores in the GTA for $3.97.
Governments across the country are reading this wrong. The people are ready to see their governments stand up to these public sector unions. Just waiting for the party ready to take em on!
Hillary took the same kind of deduction on her 2015 tax return
'For Canada?s foreign-policy elite....'Nice of you to put the straw man of your argument in your first sentence.
Yup, no spin whatsoever from the "pro choice" side: 8 months of "choice" isn't enough, that "fetus" halfway out the birth canal is still just a lump of cells, just part of the woman's body, right?
We would need to alter the Constitution itself and you need the Provinces onboard for that to happen and that won't happen.
Stop yelling.
We don't let truck drivers drive after they've driven for 9 hours so why would we allow doctors to work when they've been working for 18? Their is a machismo that exists within the profession that is unfathomable.
Well, I'm surprised that you're surprised that Martin is surp......ah, never mind. There's at least one surprise too many in that.
"Based on the handling of the Syrian refugee project, should we be concerned or pleased? and fiscally? No plan." You tell me. And fiscally "no plan"? They've only been in office two months.
As long as they have to show their face for identification before the ceremony (which they do) then frankly I don't care about this at all
yep, I fully agree with that statement. Include China too
No woman decides on her own she should hide her face. She has been convinced by someone who thinks she should.
G&M editorial board has jumped the shark.
Not only should they not have them, but why is the US using them? I.e., why should someone who tried suicide years ago be barred from entry into the US?!?! That makes no sense to me.
Yup. But based on how this article presents things, this book ain't going to provide it.The author was encouraged to write this based on making a political point. That's not objectivitiy. At least John English never hid his political leanings.
It is very sweet and normal to have a lasting relationship with someone that stretches into decades. Congratulations to anyone who sticks it out to the end.
Obviously an indoctrinate regurgitating the standard new left talking points he learned while reading his little Mao Red Book and his professors teaching him the gospel according to Marx.
"can't get their story straight" And therein rests the problem, there is no "story" to be told, the true account of an event is not a story it is a FACTUAL RECOLLECTION of the events not some script to be learned and followed!
Meh, he's probably already got a book written and at his publsihers that's 'good to go' whenever the time is right.
The American Alpine Club has created a Sherpa Support Fund that will raise funds to assist the families of the Sherpas who died. I encourage and challenge anyone who has climbed or tried to climb Everest to donate. Www. americanalpineclub.org
The similarities to pre-WWII Europe continue to grow, only it's Putin today and Hitler back then.
Are you changing your lifestyle so it is not reliant on petroleum products or are you like Leonardo Decaprio and will continue to preach about the evils of the oil industry while you drive your car by your self 1 hour each way to work
The Palestinians are taking their - now much stronger - case to the IPCC as we type.
Anyone who didn't see this disaster on the very near horizon had to have been brain dead.
When it comes to teaching our children or performing open heart surgery, gender equality and diversity are most important to me (sarc)...
It would be a bad time for that, however we have the best PM and federal government that we've had in a decade, so nothing to worry about.
If you look at the big picture in it's entirety, no it doesn't. The reality is that there is very little Canada can do to change things up to and including have it's population disappear.
The expenditure of public funds requires a law to specify it. That is why the Liberals did not call them nannies when they added the Trudeau nannies to the public payroll. It's illegal and they knew it.
Never quote Wicki as a valid source.
I don't have the answers, nor pretend to. But there is one understanding you completely miss: the land is part of their culture. You can't practice it anywhere. You can't practice it in a city where most of nature is paved over.
Agreed - finally a front page piece not written by Bob Rae or Justin Trudeau.
What does this 'work' actually consist of, in your view, DavidJ?
Mr. Harper should make a similar statement to Senators as Mr. Chong has.
Nice trolling job. is that the new trick the PCs are trying 'I'm super liberal, but even I agree with this Harper decision.' Sounds a little desperate.
Then I would respectfully ask you to substantiate your arguments with proofs. No where is it taught that women are secondary to men, rather there are differences that have to be recognized. They are equal in justice.
The real battle is not cultural but between economic ideology. Statist governments like those in Quebec & Ontario wind up building large unproductive bureaucracies which ultimately hurt economic growth.
No Mikey... You are the little thing... LOL... moron!
The Toronto Star is a large corporation. The newspaper has endorsed Wynne.
Thank you for that, Terry. Agree entirely. Honouring the past (heritage, language) is not the same as being held captive by it.
Sweat immature drivel, is that the best you can do? I cannot believe the level of discourse of many who profess to support the left.
Not gloating if it is fact and it is fact.
Not to mention Quebec terrorists walking around freely as heroes after murdering Pierre Laporte...
not really. the Lion is staring down the Eagle.
It is correct English. You're thinking of 'command' as a noun, but it is a verb.
That's misandry speaking.
Excellent point K. The media failed the lowest level of due diligence for professional media, confirming the validity and reliability of the source.
Work applies Godwin's Law once again.
More should be charged.
The Washington Examiner ?Is that your proctoligist ?
Buzzb Gas does NOT get to my house, it's called electricity. Things ha e changed Buzz, the days of corporations dictating how things are done are OVER. We will decide what is good for US and not what is good for the corporations..
You preach to the choir. Meaningless drivel to everybody else.
But ' we discovered the place ' .-)
RaptureNow!- did you miss the part where Trudeau said the niqab was "a wonderful example of Canada's multicultural diversity"?
So now the american majority are 'facists' who have lost their way? Does democracy mean anything to you? Please remove this author and her negativity from this paper.
For what other reason than conspiracy is the evidence of history and science censored under threat of imprisonment?
Amen cm. surely an issue such as this needs better. Is this the best the g&m has? It's as if she has just rehashed ignorant posts she read on earlier g&m boards.
This is the least perceptive column Ms. Wente has written in several years, and that's saying something! My prediction: until the PM comes clean, this will hang around like a bad smell.
Excellent point! The establishment took until they could take no more and Trump's negativity aligns well with those on the losing end.
ah yes, Judge Judy. That bastion of informed, thoughtful, and insightful justice. Change the channel, will you?
Dude, I would have no problem leaving a kid with the Boo Boos for an afternoon. I would not drop a child off for a day with the Fords.
'The key issue of the election should have been the economy'It was never going to be that. Give it up.
The way he treats the Canadians who fight for our country is disgusting. As the Commander in Chief of the Canadian Forces shouldn't the Governor General be standing up for our men and women in uniform when the Prime Minister won't?
Asian reactions to Chinese territorial grab being ruled illegal:''We won't have to live in fear anymore': readers on the South China Sea ruling'https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jul/13/readers-on-the-south-china-philippines-sea-ruling
Really good point, it will be fun to see the results of this, I'll just sit back and laugh when the collapse happens. CMHC cut way way way back yesterday so anytime now!
"..they stifle debate or dissenting opinions.." Tim's took down an ad. You think that advertisements exist for "debate" and "dissenting opinions"? "Bud", advertisers must absolutely *love* you...
'He is a director of TransCanada Pipelines Ltd. but his comments are his personally.'LOL!
The USA used affirmative action for a while in a hamfisted attempt to ensure equal outcomes.
We Canadians require a visa to visit Brazil only because Canada imposed Visa requirements on Brazilians visiting Canada. Even the cost of the Brazil visa mirrors the cost of the Canadian visa.
'as Jon Stewart pointed out the other night'And yet STILL, leftists can not figure out why conservative types like Bibi simply do not take them seriously on this issue in any way...
- not to mention deep immersion in the government koolaid jar ....
Perhaps you should have spent a little of your account creating time looking around this site. You might have found out that Southey writes a satirical humour column....
I like John Oliver's format--I whole show to one topic.
I must be out of the loop because I didn't know any of that about Trudeau. I did know his father in a general way. Given the choices we have I'm willing to give him a chance .
Judgmental enough for you David D2. Look at a mirror and you will find a bigot.
OK..so if I wear a tshirt with a peace symbol? Or an anarchist symbol. Or...let's just say , a hammer and sickle? I'm asking where you draw the line although I know your answer. Headscarves.
Welcome to the neoconservative promised land.
Sure .... And the budget will balance itself .... Maybe from legalizing pot. He's too immature! Vote Conservative !
Ready ever?
Did Shirtless Justin lose his shirt in the cave? Why did he take it off in the first place?
Umm, the Conservatives already lost. That annoying little inconvenience of a majority vote against their position.
Against stupidity the gods themselves contend in vain.
Just to clarify, in case the writer wasn't clear or readers are not knowledgeable, Rabindranath tagore was not a bangladeshi. He was a Bengali Indian.
This third world? Miami. http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/jul/11/miami-drowning-climate-change-deniers-sea-levels-rising California. http://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2015/aug/20/california-drought-blame-global-warming
Why about all the posters with multiple id's?
Who determines who are the bad guys? Someone with an agenda or a vested interest. In this day and age there are no good guys, the good guys are the bad guys while the bad guys are merely worse.
I like it...because it's killing them.
When an East Coaster says screwed, they really mean, "Will we still get paid?"
Jack's Reach is always farther than his grasp
It doesn't matter how appropriate the comparison, Layla4 will complain if it includes: a) Israel, or b) the USA.
Oops, read some more. No students were excluded. The male student asked to be excused from an in-person component of an on-line course.
'only money after all'. Interesting view.
Hard to check sources that are mysteriously missing due to 'attribution errors.'
Well Lt. most of those in the institutions you outlined ARE products of so-called institutions of higher learning.
''I don't see most of these as actual problems.''They aren't. Didn't you read the headline? They are 'issues.'
Totally irresponsible journalism. Relying on ONE example to support an idiotic thesis. Do I detect bitterness at the author not having tried hard enough in life?
I will mark you down as someone who supports corruption. You must have your own place at the trough.
Just go away Mr. Ultra. You sound about 12 years old.
in the last 10 years Squamish and Howe Sound have lost all its industry, Woodfibre gone Squamish sawmill gone, BC rail yard gone
Or not. Did you interview them before they died? The most armed nation in the Western world has by far the most of these shooting tragedies -- sort of contradicts the right-wing NRA b.s. that their guns are making them safer.
NTA = proven nutbar
She was never funny. I just wish, that being so, that she's stick to the truth.
It seems that boltuprite understands it exactly.
Typical left thinker response.....attack the messenger rather than articulate a coherent argument.
People, listen Stop talking and praising Proportional Justin the Wolf is thinking Ranked ballots not Proportional while the lambs feed on Proportional the wolf sneaks in
Sounds like she is at least consistent with intentions. She didn't intend to build a Scarborough subway either, but now she's all for it.
In a democracy, the winning party wins and that is all their is too it. We will have to wait and see what Trump does. He could be impeached before he does anything.
My sense is that the WR party has found a more adult leader than Danielle Smith. It may be that Prentice has done actual conservatives in Alberta a favour by removing a poser, and showing his own true colours. Here's hoping.
I come from a farm back ground and I am not na?ve enough to believe that all farmers are environmentally conscious. They kept shooting drugs into the animals until they were forced to stop because of fines or unable to sell the contaminated product.
Violent and scary? No, the segue has just evolved to whiny, petulant, and entitled. I doubt too many people are 'scared' of Trudeau.
Cretin never showed anyone any respect.
'So what's wrong with that?'=====The problem is when some fool decides to close any public urinal that is not equipped with a fly.
Employees can make individual donations. The issue would be employers coercing them to support one Party, which falls under extortion, which is a criminal offence.
Buying it from Saudi Arabia props up their government so they can continue to abuse civilians.
The woman is deluded.
Or that curricula in Canada require children to take music?
One reason I never buy anything from Chapters Co!
Unintentionally hilarious.
The Anchor ... nice handle for a con-base lifer.
I'm just glad I don't need to use it - medicine or not.
Mindless trashing? Examples please?
Very thoughtful post worth reading. Thanks
But the best part is ,they just keep on building wind farms, we don't need them, but we are still going to pay for them...............not to operate..............
you never think worse on your kid. cause i know better. i wouldnt let my sons to go to ME.
One may argue that multi-culturalism is in fact a form of ' divide and conquer '. Never had any use for it. Pay your taxes and vote, after that do your own thing .-)
The last paragraph sums up the overall behaviour of the Harper Conservative government. Style or substance.
I've used propylene alcohol to clean some things. Got the thumb of my glove wet with it while pouring. Some of the skin sloughed off after a while. Propylene glycol in the lung tissue... long-term exposure... a little dubious.
THANK YOU FOR THIS INFORMATION.
LOL. Maybe Hillary is in the middle of a transgender identity crisis.
I sent my 1st child to private school, at 24k a year. I sent the 2nd to publice school and french immersion as it was elitists and a lot cheaper.
Melting pit.
Yes, it is embarrassing to explain to my American colleges that Canadians don't like 'balanced budgets and low taxes'
The opium of the masses.
Actually that's not quite true. Do I need to publish a complete list of the occupations that were compared. Engineers, Accountants, Lawyers and Managers are on the list.
'Fundamentally, assisted suicide is a moral issue, not a political or legal one.'Sadly, it should only be a personal one.
I guess none of us are allowed to comment on any matter we have not been an intimate part of. Damn. I can't play music and have to stifle myself on what I like to hear.
Umm ... because we have freedom of speech?
Environment Canada: 25% of greenhouse emissions for 2% of GDP. That's why the tar sands need to be capped at 2-million bbl/day. And, that's why no new export pipelines will ever be built.
40 plus years the Democrats have run Baltimore's terrible schools, police and city government. This is your result.
We all know what the problem is and the governments in the west wont admit it. Immigrants and welfare.
as someone said earlier 'focus' on the issue at hand
I love that idea - she is so knowledgeable - it would be great to have her questioning the other leaders about their policies and practices...
In the meantime, when is Canada going to fix it's native people problems?
And this banana that won't peel is very barbaric. Anything else barbaric? mmm How about having to watch Don Cherry talk about the Leafs on HNIC, that's pretty barbaric.
it's too bad that Maggie doesn't work for the TDSB ... she would have been fired.
Where on earth did you get the idea that cap and trade has been a failure in Europe, California or Quebec? It's only been newly implemented. I have found no credible information that says cap and trade doesn't work. Can you provide some?
Clearly, more information is needed in this article.
i'm surprised that an offer of - wait for it - $1,000,000 even garnered our attention. reminded me of another canadian evil villain and his million dollar scheme. one we were at least invited to laugh at.
Yeah an adult who can't vote, and can't drink. And in any case, who is dead dead dead, for no apparent rational reason.
This business of blaming Assad for the creation of ISIS just reeks of pitiful attempts at historical revisionism which future historians will (and should) laugh at. The Glob is an abject prisoner to ...... not sure who.
Brass monkey winter.
That's why they put locks on front doors. You don't have to use them, but you'd be stupid not to.
Case in point: gebruiker's 11-word apologia just above.
Why are Canadians so obsessed with gazing at the American belly button, the Second Amendment, The US Constitution, the US SupremeNo wonder the Canadian belly button remains unwashedwe don't look at it enough
Well, I thought it was credible.
Breaking News: Ford is Mayor and you are not! And that is probably a good thing.
the down side of that argument is that the 2007 audit showed everything accounted for. No Harper stole it and it will come out in time.
It is puzzling to note that Obama personally is very popular in Canada but he has shown our country nothing but contempt.
Idiotic comment on your part. It's people like you and Trudeau that would've done well at Munich in 1938. Then again, Trudeau's old man was practically a N azi apologist/sympathizer with his views towards Western participation in WW2.
What a lovely image. And how effective do you think it would be for all six million-odd residents of the GTA to live the same way, relying on septic tanks, supplementing our diets with hunting, and driving to the dump individually?
Imagine going to a different news site if you don't like what you see here.
We need to parody our own government OURSELVES. No one else is going to do it for us and if we wait for that to happen our government will just get stranger than it already is.
Stringer46 - excellent post - and millions of immigrants did likewise !!
One of those possibilities is that everything Trump's opponents are saying about his negative qualities is true. But that would take a moment of criticality to discern.
Military action is what the refugees are escaping from. Harper's only ideas for economic growth are for arms sales, regardless of how many refugees his wars create.
Delusions of diplomatic grandeur founded on one brief moment in 1956.
None that I ever knew !
i thought you might have some brains until this comment, buddy, this presentation was simpler than half of the senior engineering projects at my state school last year.
Only the Aussies have bought them and that was for 24 craft in 2010. Boeing is trying to keep the line open and so is the USN, but only to address a delivery gap with the F-35.
Plus, threatening to leave Canada was a handy form of receiving nice bribes to stay. Until the next time. The strategy has appeared to wane in recent years from exhaustion and lack of real interest on the subject in the rest of Canada.
Somehow, I have been expecting that a 'distinguished fellow' would use more than one example when talking about the 'narrow-minded' Canadian foreign policy. Perhaps this has been the only example he managed to find.
The ends do not justify the means
Shore, what's your point?
If Christians are to be greeted with a blissful afterlife- why are they so opposed to the idea of getting there sooner.'Thou shalt not kill' surely refers to the taking of someone else's life (and doesn't seem to be a problem in wartime).
I can't understand what the big deal is about the f-bomb. I suspect the Harper government is using it to divert attention, but who cares.
And is that 24/7 with you, gemini?
What's the number of the barbaric cultural practices tip line? Next time I see a bunch of NHL players slugging each other senseless, I think I'll snitch on them.
Women like men who can take care of themselves. Like Justin laying a beating on the Con Senator . Women like to be protected they don't care for cowering hiding in closets wimps. Seems like you do .
As grumpy says, the article is based on 'false facts' and misguided opinions based on that incorrect information.
The writer of that article ...Will McMartin, is a longtime political consultant and commentator who has been affiliated with the Social Credit and B.C. Conservative parties, making his credibility very shaky indeed. and pure b.s. imo.
I am still waiting for anyone to supply a link to Spence's home. Why is it they have picture after picture of the other members of the band's homes, but not one of Spences? Why is that?
Lying to win an election is immoral.
Dion was a harmless flake .............
It's an option... but many businesses, even today, depend on daily delivery of mail. And for parcels, you can't be a leader in eCommerce delivery if you don't operate 5-6 days a week.
Neo. Please define in detail how the two parties are 'fellow progressives'. Silly term.
Repeating the same crap in a second post is just plain rude...
sadly brilliant !
I am worse off because Harper is PM. I can no longer access data on Canada's economy and labour market to do the research that I have been doing for over 15 years. That is data that will never come back. I view that alone as a catastrophe.
Not enough courage.
After 9/11 a worldwide poll was taken. Ninety six per cent of the planet say there is one place they want to be--not Canada, not America, not anywhere but 'home'. Most people are not clamouring to be us. They are where they want to be--home.
'reverse funding cuts' you say? But close to the beginning of your essy you state that Cameron has announced a $41-million grant to the agencies providing these learning services. That sounds like a reversal to me.
'But if you drive, you can use the roads as often as you like, for free.'Baloney. Drivers pay a 50% fuel tax for every liter that they buy. The further that they drive, the more that they pay.
you seem like a real likeable guy! No wonder your mum abandoned you at birth
He should run in Alberta - it's fallacy that they think their only votes could be in Quebec. I'd vote for their vanquish.
'Janice Gross Stein is the director of the Munk School of Global Affairs at the University of Toronto.'Everything you need to know about Janice's stance on this issue is written right there.
English not the first language??
Good grief, the thing has found an opening for its drool.
It's difficult to be a professional fire fighter because 1) They are so expensive that municipalities cannot hire more; 2) Many people want to be one. Both of these facts suggest that the pay scale should be lower, not higher.
It is quite true that we should not simply replace informed opinions with uninformed ones. But it is also true that we should not be shy about demanding proof when presented with a bare assertion.
The SMH has covered the Chaldean Christians being settled in Australia - all speaking English, holding down jobs etc... I can't quite understand why they don't take illiterate Muslim ones like Canada does...
JIM: You're the one who's ranting here...
I'm not sure I agree completely, but your argument is very persuasive. Food for thought.
we can only hope that people will come to their senses before the western world goes back to the stone age.
Funny how democracy, socialism, communism, and fascism can all meld together into one large melting pot under the melt-down power of hot liquid global finance.
Detalumis, you didn't mind taking their taxes or contributions to society. I hope karma does its bit for you and your kind.
The ' supremes ' have become a threat to the well being of Canada !
Rod Stewart is considered CanCon - Canadian Content - for many of his songs.
'No it's not a disadvantage then men die sooner than women. Merry widows, anyone?'-------------------On the contrary - it's a disadvantage because women need more money to live longer. See? That was easy.
the end goal might be a good one but I see another billion dollar scandal on the horizon. Gas plants, E Health, Orange, the Mars Building. This gov't is going to mess up.
@stray, except we don't worship Royal families nor believe they are Gods.
Doctors come from England and France to work in Canada precisely because the compensation paid in Canada is so out of whack.
What sort of untruth? E.G.?
because condemnation, bullying and hectoring are the very best way to convince others to support your position.
Harper and Baird practise 'Wind Bag Diplomacy'!
Jack Reacher - you just sound a tad 'pompous'....
Another person who should never had children.
Not exactly sure how you apply a uniform standard to pundits who essentially are in the opinion business.
He didn't lose an election.
A naive paean, by a naive child.
Maybe Poland will send us a posing, preening simpleton with a plastic head and too much makeup to try and stir up war. Tit for tat like.
they call themselves the bc liberal party. what part of this do you not understand?
Exactly right.
Dentists, for some reason, are provided generous tax breaks by the government that allow them to shelter their income from personal income tax and distribute it to family members as dividends.
I thought it was funny. So did others, judging by the comments. Maybe it's you?
What are we now, collectively as canadian citizens, doing to help change conditions for FN people?
eu?lo?gy (noun) a speech or piece of writing that praises someone or something highly, typically someone who has just died. Start blushing, pal.
Canada Best.....'logic' doesn't seem to be your strong point.
Gee Ray, you must e a Dipper - try the Tyee, they never stoop to 'yellow journalism'.
How do land lines compare to energy needs? What the h**l are 'hardcore efficiencies'?
A stupid collumn by a stupid Zionist collumnist ...shame ob G & M ...shame on Canada !
Whether or not people in the Ukraine had Russian language rights is a question for Ukraininans
Should have picked up on the sarcasm, so yes I agree.
If they'd labelled them Syrian economic migrants instead of refugees, the answer would have been different.
Nice one, magersterium.
I see the left had my comments deleted. Nice. Don't bring up facts against their gods. You will have your posts deleted.
Subways are best for Toronto, but where's the money to pay for them? Ford's public private partnership idea was a dud and Harper doesn't want to jump on board the Ford's gravy train wreck.
If you call a wide scale massive long term tax hike an accomplishment. A reward to the irresponsible and a burden to those that planned ahead and saved.
Agreed. It's very frustrating to try and comment when the censor arbitrarily prevents opinions.
So when should traditions start?
With Washington and Colorado now selling marijuana, my first bet is British Columbia To be the first province to do so, after Justin Trudeau paves the way after he is prime minister.
Another clueless fool who thinks it's 'left wing' to criticize a bill which gives the Govt MORE power to do what it wants over its own citizens. Harper attracts these faux 'Conservatives' like flies. Must be his stench.
Invest in what? Projects that won't go anywhere, like Keystone, etc.? Businesses will invest in the correct culture.
But of course. That is why I never seek advice from people older than me about anything, since I know better than they do.
..... for you.
That is why he is pushing for ranked ballots. Those would always favor the Liberals since they would be the second choice of both NDP and Conservative supporters. It means a much higher potential for Liberal governments.
Funny how Canadians don't care about anything you've driveled on about lol. Not compared to Adscam ;-)
Would you like a box of clean-ex.
Its what progs do. They love to fix that which isn't broken.
The assassination of Jack Kennedy in Dallas in November 1963 put an end to that.
And specifically, changing to what system of voting was part of the Liberal platform?
Citizen 1 What planet do you live on? The media bashes Harper 24-7. This columnist in particular. 1. too many disgruntled sore loser leftists who still cannot accept Harper's MAJORITY 2. Leftists don't play fair
Nice place to visit, but trying to live there and stay employed is another issue.
True. Sex and gender aren't the same thing (but don't tell Ms Wente or the people voting this down).
Lame and desperate mooned. LAME ! Lol
Triumph of image over substanceMcLuhan predicted it, and Warhol documented it visually
Good question that enticed three good, thoughtful answers.
Nice to know that the NCC is an open-minded organization with neither hidden agendas nor any axes to grind, isn't it?
The Newfoundland Government has done as much as it can to CLOSE half of our libraries and cut funding to the remainder . So much for literacy in our province.
Hmmm....ok. I assume by 'fund therapy' the writer means talk therapy as opposed to drug therapy. If so, fine. But if the writer means drug therapy then this article reads like a propaganda piece from Pharma.
Chazz, it time for you to look inside your Christian heart, and try to find how it got so mislaid.
wanna buy some land ?
Political Scientist1 3 hours agoThe paid hasbara trolls and the sycophant G&M Censors on this thread have been really busy overnight!! ______i see more paid naive leftists in the west trollsG and M censors are moderators
Typical academic steeped in ideology and out of touch with reality.
Trump will soften up if elected, in my opinion. When one reaches that position the professional handlers kick in. Hillary's interference in world affairs scares me more.
There is no 'increasing number of murdered and missing aboriginal women'. Please take another look at the RCMP stats.
Not because of her belief, but because of refusal to let herself being identified by the laws of the country she wants to be a citizen of.
Well, the subject matter is unbalanced.
You're a fear-mongering idiot.
"I have found no credible information that says cap and trade doesn't work." Key word: credible. And the reason for that is likely because you dismiss any source which provides evidence you don't want to hear, likely for partisan reasons.
And, thousands of police officers populate rural Canada where their most strenuous activity is staying awake.
The gun lobby would be more appropriately be called the murder lobby.
A Canadian madness. Not a British one.
...we are intervening because Islam's decrepitude is spilling over on us...
Good luck with that. We could spend trillions attempting to kill off ISIS only to have five or ten other groups, just a vile, pop up in response. Slogans are for shallow thinkers.
How about courting disaster ?
Act of union is revokable only by westminster
I'm a Martian.
What is with you and the Caisse de Depot? The Caisse de Depot is basically a Quebec pension plan. It would be like the rest of Canadians bragging about the assets in the Canada Pension Plan. You are a weird man, indeed.
Learn to spell and/or proof your comments before posting.
The foundation of any legal system is integrity, which is based on its' relation to the truth. That is VERY materiel. The Ministers mother obviously lied on the initial application. There should be consequences.
If the Federal election wasn't the marathon saga the Conservatives set it up to be, the NDP would have done considerably better as they were polling much better earlier in the election period.
' Harperites ' , no bias there. Anyways, here is another piece of the story that the G&M is not telling you about. http://blogs.canoe.ca/davidakin/politics/a-premature-copyright-objection-from-the-parliamentary-press-gallery/
just out of curiousity, what do you see as the factual similarities between the boat people and these migrants?
Richard Roskell - Thank you, it saves me writing that argument and you presented it so neatly.
She couldn't, every Islamic border is drawn in blood.
This is capitalism at its most naked and inhuman. This capitalism must be cut off at the knees. And legitimate capitalists, those who actually built things, should lead the attack.
The real question is when will Justin Trudeau apologize in the House for Canada's role in this atrocity, with 60 minutes of photo ops after.
Art doesn't understand basic concepts, he's using leftist math.
Blame our governments. They 'forgot' to put out the 'limit one per customer' sign.
Thanks Mike. You are quite correct
How could the 'cultural genocide' of the natives could happen, in spite of having a robust justice system?
If you were really following the campaign news, one would know that the Trump message is racist, blacks, Muslims, and Mexicans. If you knew any 20th century history, the Trump campaign comes closest to mirroring the Fascists of that pre WWII period.
You must be a transplant then.
When people want to shut down whole avenues of inquiry and thought they're only using science as a fig leaf for ideology.
'Hang on Sloopy'.
Indeed. Giving Obama the "Peace" Prize was pure folly.
But Harper 'wouldn't take 'No" for an answer." What a dolt.
And the same applies to extremists of any faith.
Actually FB does.
Well, promoting them and this country. But not adverse to the idea of the party supporting the spouse of the PM entirely. Makes the role a little too partisan perhaps.
That would mean the Globe rethinking its commitment to the status quo at all costs.
is it not obvious to the Captain ObviousMulcair is not Stephen Harperin the same wayJustin is not Pierre Trudeauor Obama is not John Kennedy
war is not a policy option, it is a last resort.
If the story was hidden, how did you find out about it?
Race was not involved. Super Tuesday pitted those ignoring fanaticism of all types and to those who want to root out their evil agenda. Typical left double speak.
If you are, use a pseudonym. Otherwise use your real name.
Selfies are the answer.
The term was coined by a divisive CNN contributor, not the media in general.
James Bay is not dammed - that was an idiotic proposal decades ago.
Hagiography ....HA !!Too funny.
Thanks you for some common sense
How does this connect us all..?
I call the idjits in the Westboro Baptist Church Christians...
Yummm... likely not Canadian bias... more like Russian-sponsored paid trolls... and likely drugged up as well....
Globe & Mail exercises censorship a bit too heavily. This news will be on my chopping block soon.
A party run by elites. That demonizes 'elites'. Now why would that be?
His point is instead of wars, we will fight at Olympics.
Us peasants out here in the 'Districts' can't afford to attend 'President McWynnety?s Ontariowe?s Hunger Games? in ?The Capital? of Torrana?.We got to pay our ever higher hydro bills thanks to her greent@rdation energy scam....
Christy and her friends have pretty much just been looting the silverware for the last year.
Well Said.../ ..
If the American founding fathers were alive today they would stampede to repeal 'the right to bear arms' after seeing the endless needless slaughter that amendment - perhaps appropriate in its day - has enabled.
Is this the G&M editorial staff preparing us for their endorsement of Mr. Harper come October? -----------------What other choice is there?
Konrad's magnificent vacation.
The very same. Now then, what about WACky Bennett?
great post Walrus - what a shame to have to start all over thanks to the neo cons.
The complainers and obstructors do indeed have a plan B: it is to shelve Plan A.Then work on Plan C later, after a few deep tokes.
What kind of father would?
Liberal association? Remember their recommendation last election? Did ya see how many of their writers 'piled on' after this week's Trudeau issue? Liberal? I think not.
Who is we? Only the delusional leftists and Justin admired this tyrant.
Again, Godwin's law. Your point is moot.
P.s. Thinking that way will NOT get you laid.
The fact that religion is based completely on faith alone does not necessarily make it 'unequivocally' crazy. Your well-written comment would have been much stronger (for me, at least) if you had chosen a better example.
Matthew 5:22 'But anyone who says, 'You fool!' will be in danger of the fire of hell.' - Jesus
Anybody but Trump or Cruz. I like Sanders but, I think he is a bit too far to the left for most Americans....
That's right, Joe, we live in a country where, as long as you're a 'friend of the government', you're allowed to break the law.
Why does the Globe even bother publishing this? Imagine the Times of London publishing this type of fawning, insipid, drivel about David Cameron. Not likely....
I see the ususal suspects have taken offense where none exists. Grievance mongers will one day go the way of the Dodo.
What would have happened if Canada had not invaded a Muslim county, Afghanistan?
You think you're the only ones who deal with tragedy? There are lot's of others who make less than half of what you do. You simply aren't worth the price tag.
Expect 101% THC before the end of the decade.
Feed me a fish and I eat for a dayTeach me to fish and I will collect pogey for seven months a year
and we know what your friend christy is:M!LF
John B: A racial analysis of Conservative Party methods isn't really helpful, is it?
How will the resolution be enforced? It is a tragedy that hospitals aee attacked, but this or any other resolution, will have no impact.
I also heard that women in Quebec can have prostate surgery, just so they don't feel discriminated against.
Well if you want to pay what OHIP pays the family docs it is a measly $34 for a visit. Most family docs charge $100 cash and specialists charge $150 to $200 for a visit. Now trygoing to your dentist or vet and see what a consult costs.
dear Sher OIC is not a country
The Cons like O'Leary, Ambrose, McKenny and down south, Trump? Yes, you have a very good point!
ToConsider Conveniently forget the massive cuts to defense from Justin's daddy. Every politician since then slashes the defense budget to balance the books.
Western propagandists can blather on about Putin's 'bullying' but judging by recent events when the U.S. interferes, chaos seems to be the result (Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya, Syria, Ukraine) whereas Putin's actions seem to result in stability.
Every one but mine, obviously.
Judging from your post, and as a very experienced reader of first-year undergraduate essays, I don't believe you have a single degree, let alone three of them.
Tempsperdue- I think 'Mel' was being sarcastic
Lincoln had something to say and said it.Johnson had something to say and did it.Obama really has nothing to say, doesn't follow through, but likes to talk.
There isn't a greater penalty for a business than to suddenly have no more customers. It is in businesses' best interest to ensure their customers aren't poisoned.
Not a chance in hell will he win the civil case. You must be watching Melissa Perry or CNN.
Congratulations Loon and Decision, you've came up with a sound business plan, go out and secure financing, fight through the decades of red tape, envirowacko compliance, native grievances and execute.
Which is why I prefer a straight up carbon tax, income tax reductions, no loopholes and no subsidies. Not like what Alberta has done.
Oh, Mr. Simpson you are cutting very near to the bone of the matter. If, I read some of these comments correctly even the party zombies out west are hearing you Mr. Simpson, and they are writhing in their Reformer angst.
Maybe the solution is to work for two more years.
Mel, that's it!! The only logical explanation of the last few years, the grand strategy of enlightened sovereignty.
http://www.neuroscientistnews.com/research-news/psychopathic-violent-offenders-brains-can-t-understand-punishment
Wow, some really deep stuff from the G&M. Was this composed before or after the beer-pong at the staff holiday party?
This article is just sexist against men.
That should read '...greatest good IS LIKELY to come about...'
A metaphor for how she would treat the public purse as well.
maybe the athletes should conspire to march with the RAINBOW coloursimagine all the liberal enlightended countries of the EU marching with rainbow stufflet's see how many Russia can arrestput it in russia's court
I wonder if the senate auditors are reconciling Duffy's speaking engagements with his Senate expenses? Has he been charging travel expenses to the Speakers Bureau and the Canadian taxpayer?
A simplistic hardened and vile response -
It's time to hit pause on immigration and direct all efforts and funds towards those in THIS country who desperately need support.
The realities of slow growth will surely crimp the political class - no more promises to pay for freebies with future growth ??!!Apologies - very unrealistic of me ...
"Harper's positive accomplishments are hard to find." No. Make that impossible to find.
[ The outcome of a religion-based state is best illustrated by Pakistan]The Kurds trend toward secularism in the aggregate. This is an *Ethnic* difference.
It's about time.
Peggy's point And then there was the CBC, CTV and all the Postmedia outlets shamelessly shilling for Harper & his lot. ------ the CBC shilling for Harper you got to be kidding, my dear
Don't be ridiculous. It is all Stephen Harper's fault! But he apologized so we all have to be nice now.
Um - trade between Canada and the US was already on a long-term upward trajectory. What you need to do is show us that NAFTA changed that, and for the better. Good luck to you.
Must be great to live in the land of white picket fences and jellybeans.
I think all that Newfoundland oil goes to other countries. It does not stay here. Since Canada does not actually get oil but sells the rights to that get that oil I believe the oil belongs to the oil companies and they can do what they want with it.
This comment from D.G. typical of someone who's a parrot, accepts other's opinions without doing his/her own investigation of a subject/issue.Hey parrot, watch Ezra's 2 vids on Suzuki, Then come back.
yes, we know what an idiot can do, we are reading your comment.
'Yes, Canadians have values. No, the state doesn?t get to tell you what Canadian values are.'This author must not be aware of the existence of the CBC
What are you doing about it? I get sensitive on this point since we veterans are told that we put our lives on the line for freedom and democracy. Your turn. And I am not quiting
You are a one trick pony .. your following your dear leaders ideology ' tell an untrurh often enough and people will believe it'!
Pantera, Instead of an ad hominem attack against Gagnon why don't you refute her points and arguments?
You just described Donald Trump.
Don't be playing stupid with me Miss Renzetti!'Tis most unbecoming of you.
Our moral high ground is rapidly disappearing with the weakling of our gun laws, minimum mandatory sentencing, bill c-51, un-fair elections act, etc, etc.
Nothing will happen, no laws will change. Get used to being a serf. These politicians should all be thrown in jail for life.
I've been silenced.
Hard to get good helpMaybe some tempary foreign workers would be better
That is a retarded notion. I vote for the candidate, not the party. You do recall, MP's can cross the floor? What does that do to your 'party' vote?
if there is a loss of jobs why is canada full of foreign workers. go to any fast food place and see them.
Qatar, some in Saudi and elsewhere are providing them with money and arms. Finding consensus would be close to impossible, although I am sure Israel would love to drop a lot of large bombs on them given the go ahead.
Iiiiiiiiiiii'm noooooooooooot gaaaaa-aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay!
We have all those brains thanks to the high dollar until recently ...what have they achieved for us with the presence?
Lots of dougs here.
sometimes you read a post and it just rings true
like to give you 10 thumbs up
His Worship Crack Haikuford has a problemthe voters made him mayorcrackin' wiff da bros
Just keep whining - next thing that will happen is a ban on foreign buyers, or serious restrictions on foreign owners of ALL nationalities. If you don't like it, go destroy another beautiful city somewhere else!
Excellent satire. Shame on!
I don't know what you are afraid of. The more highly educated technical people that talk directly to Ahmed the better chance the missing details of the story will come out. Chris Hadfield is a bright educated man.
And Cougars, er, Mentors.
@Nebuly. Yes context is very valuable. I think you missed the point of my rhetorical question.
That was my point re: Plamondon - why on earth would this progressive conservative seek endorsement from a party of regressive conservatives?
JohnK111: Let's stick to the topic at hand, shall we? Why drag in a completely unrelated topic?
Agree. You are right, confirmed by truthurtt.... He/she has resorted to insults.
A hatchet job on the hatchet men. 'Tis to weep.
I hope he gets a busy signal.
No Paul Calandra , did. Canada is bombing Israel's neighbors for Israel's benefit. Or did you mean Paul Calandra is the tooth fairy? Calandra made clear why Canada has become involved.
The Nobel committee is eager to bestow the peace version of the prize, I am sure.
Not the Clinton News Network. There is no news there. Clinton Propaganda Network. It's mission is to 'get' two persons - Trump and Putin.
If you miss your targets.
"Open, transparent government" Like bill C-51, the way it's been fast tracked and ramped through without given enough time for proper committee due processes. Pretty pissed!
At least in Ontario, the provincial party leaders met with Craigslist and using 'political pressure and moral suasion' convinced them to pull the ads. It's not illegal. They would have just used the cops to shut it down if it was.
I usually enjoy M.W.'s columns but what's going on lately? When did she become the unofficial opposition? I think the CPC can do an adequate job without M's aid.
P.S. Substitute 'Israel' and 'Canada' in your pathetic little tirade for 'Arab states' and I'd say your world view is bang on!
Like I said folks ... crickets from the establishment disinformation crowd.
All government departments share the same mantra: 'What's the point of having authority unless you can abuse it?'
KarstForm: Very good and valid point! A++!!
McCarthy was obviously onto something.
Interesting. That is exactly the same tactic used by the USA. Yo yo yo y'all!
Mel... educate yourself before posting drivel like that. The US didn't start the war in Vietnam, it was long started previously by the French.
Why? What did the papers tell us that didn't already know?
Wrong. What planet have you been on?
Something stinks, that's for sure.
This is the second piece of vapid drivel the Globe has published by Craig Keilberger about Mandela's passing. Does Keilberger own the rights or something?
Considering he was appointed to his last two jobs by Conservative PMs, what makes the writer assume he'd even be interested ?
You lost all the battles and now the war, judicially and politically and in the public's opinion. Why waste your time posting these lies about the supreme court 'waiting in the bushes'. Surely there must be something more for you in life than this?
I think you have experienced a genuine trial by fire here in the comments. A good learning experience! Dust off some history books for some perspective. And good luck with your career.
next time try reading the article, pal.
It is articles like these that makes me realize why there are more non white than white children being born today. Feminism has destroyed white people.
crowline: Because those are the numbers on the CAPP website. I just cited them to show that it is more complex a situation than people tend to believe.
Islam may be committing suicide before our very eyes. Let's encourage them in this endeavor.
Junior is greatly exceeding my expectations, when it comes to entertainment. Luckily for me, the American blogs I frequent are increasingly quoting this buffoon ... did he really once say: 'If you kill your enemies, they win.' ???
To Shipboard andRob L444: You are merely shooting the messenger - and I do know my history, lots of it in fact
Moderators - sorry for the F-bomb. Sometimes it just feels right.
Bonne Chance.
The G&M supporting 'radical liberalism.' That was pretty funny.
"Purpose in life?" That's the only sales pitch remaining for the educated.
What they tried and were motivated to do is vastly different from what was accomplished.
If that were actually true of Liberal voters we would still have a Liberal government with about 40%+ of the vote, you know, their usual habitual vote share.
It's a package deal lady. People who haven't yet got off the boat (non-citizens) don't get a say in how we run our country.
@RichB Biro was Hungarian.
SoundOff, do you currently have solar panels on your roof and over your parking space? If not, why not? It's very strange to insist that other people spend their money on things that you want. If YOU want something, then YOU go do it.
These are excellent questions to ask. Let's see what sort of bafflegab and BS we get in reply. I fear that all of the candidates will fare poorly - some more so than others.
Politicians who speak of needed revenue from casinos are the vilest of spineless creatures.
Trump is great at promoting himself, but poor at specifics. He will lose support very quickly after he is exposed on Wednesday as a bumbling idiot on the various issues.
What does this have to do with Murray 115s suggestion?
Palestinian ethnic cleansing ?The only ethnic cleansing that occurs in the Middle-East is by Arab Muslims. That includes the Jews of Judea and Samaria (the West Bank) 1948- 1967The Christians of Iraq and Egypt. The Africans of Libya.
Oh, and if you think talk of tax cuts isn't pandering to the Toronto Sun and to the Libertarians of Lanark, you haven't been watching.
Legault can build a wall around Quebec if he wishes, but we will not be paying for it.
Get turned down again did you? Ahhh, jealousy is a terrible thing.
Remember the author is a Professor that lives in la-la land.
And you would replace it with what, exactly...?
very well said thank you
You need to do a bit more research into early childhood. I hope you do and perhaps your perspective will be altered.
Harvard has denied this. Please try to keep up.
Plus you've got Jane & Finch, what a plus!
my prediction is he will retire rather than face another election where he may be limited to three questions, scripted. and tar sticks even if you manage to throw some accumulation will have you ready for feathers soon enough
Too right! What a drama queen.
yesssssssssssssssssss
Scratch an extreme Liberal and find a closet Emperor. No logic - every theory starts from a fantasy novel.
Thank you for your comment. It is being reviewed by a moderator and will be posted provided it follows The Globe?s community guidelines (e.g. no offensive language or unsubstantiated allegations).
The immigrant vote explains it, 5663. Close to half the Canadian population was born elsewhere. Not sure how we get off that treadmill..............
So the people who voted for this government and gave them a majority are not 'decent people' Nothing more needs to be said about that.
Great editorial. This legislation is another step up the ladder of fascism by dear Leader. Don't believe it? Check out https://harperwatch.wordpress.com/characteristics-of-fascism/
If you trouble yourself to review the actual RCMP reports you will see that they are incomplete and that the data are presented in a very curious format. And we still need to understand the root causes, whatever they may be.
That's the part that worries me. I can't think of anyone who can replace Solomon & exert the same clout that he did.
I agree, we all pay for it somehow. A sales tax is the most sustainable and equitable.
McWynnety, Harper's best 'man' in Ontariowe....
It ought not to be a political choice. Remember, 'science and evidence-based decision making?' That was one of Trudeau's campaign promises. Will it turn out to be another lie?
Yes, and the Freemasons control the supreme court.
what the h#ll do you want
The snuff film ads can be seen at the front of the CPC facebook page.
Harper's ego can't handle being a loser in the face of a majority Liberal Government headed by Trudeau.
Evidently you haven't read much of her 'work'.
What an odd thing to say! ...and you scored 32 people giving you a thumbs up as well! Here and I thought Globe readers were the thoughtful and balanced types...
GMania: "the knockout game"? That's your evidence? Pathetic.
Well-stated, George. I couldn't agree more. Too many cops are thugs in uniform. What really surprises me is that the Globe&Mail censorship board even allows this discussion.
'Toxic' 'culture' bedamned. Their employees make stuff that we all want, and earn very good money doing so. Females want the money but not what goes with it. Go whine somewhere else.,
Well, your profile shows four comments, now, including that last one, all about this story.
Once more, Toronto beats Montreal... Sorry montrealers: you might have had corrupt mayors, but one that is corrupt and stupid and fat? Eat that with your bagels, smoked meat and poutine!
What does Mandarin to do with you alienation? Stay in Calgary. I can't see the point speaking Cantonese will keep you from visiting HK.
Sutherland's last riding of residence will never go Conservative so it's irrelevant.
'When all of us benefit from a particular program or social policy initiative we are more likely to support it.'As long as we get our cut, who cares if it actually helps the people who need help
Canda's respected place ? We are largely irrelevant - but that may not be a bad thing !
It could be shot at a northern marina. Our hero, the mechanic, has one clean finger.
Joe never had political smarts, Trudeau ate him alive.
No it started when Livingstone claimed that Hitler was a Zionist.
Dartguard - to repeat what I said above: The Liberals, NDP and Greens generally support positive engagement with the world. Hence the emphasis on tackling global warming. We see it as in our national interests to live in a peaceful world.
Like it or not, the NDP has become the party of the Niqab.
wow you are a fool
You mean the Mennonite one? She was selected by T2, so obviously he ain't as progressive as he pretends to be.
Spend money on the damn thing! It is part of our heritage and deserves better treatment than its getting.
Beware of fluoroquinolones.
it's not that clever to give all the money to the fools who already vote for you. I thought the idea was to convince the fools who don't vote for you............
Thanks Shallow-Thought.
'Every single person on here saying how great PR is going to be is going to be in for a big shock very soon.'What will the married people say?
Nope mother Theresa, Rosa parks, Martin Luther king, the queen of England, Putin etc would all take the exact same test. It has to be fair for everybody.
You make a shocking claim there. FN's receive free tuition in university/college and yet you claim they are funded at 50% of non FN's.
Work At Home Guy Read my comment. As I said, UNLESS charged by the authorities in a Court of Law (Duffy), MP's and Senators are under NO obligation to appear in Court regardless of being served with a Subpoena and/or ordered by a judge to do so. .
The article isn't about Zunera Ishaq, the niqab that covers the face and the Canadian citizenship ceremony. This article is about Ms. El-Alloul who was told she couldn't wear a hijab in a Quebec court room. The hijab covers the hair not the face.
I second that.
And the Conservative Party of Canada sees no conflict of interest in this bill? Conservative Party credibility with regard to democracy flew out the window years ago!
Hazel McCallon says Ford was 'a people person'. How nice. And he was turfed out of office. Also nice. And when was supposed to be governing the largest, and arguably most important, city in Canada HE WAS SMOKING CRACK! Wow! Really nice.
Eliminate the Partys and force PMs to serve their constituents. The problem IS the Party system.
Less than 3% of the sorties flown.
But then she wouldn't have a jobShe writes polemics, and she actually tried to write something productive, it wouldn't work out.
Obviously Canada has many of them among its population.
you say that every week
You posted on the wrong thread. There's a name for that, too.
Thank you for that first paragraph. I'd add that the term 'Indian' continues to be used in derogatory fashion by many non-aboriginal peoples from sea to sea to sea -- one more tragic fallout from the Indian Act.
The Libs increased their share of the vote in Whitby-Oshawa by 250%.http://www.threehundredeight.com/
Elect either of the other two nanny-state, tax & spend jokers and, trust me, the economy under the Tories will seem like economic Nirvana! Lol
The Republican senators do respect, defer to in foreign affairs, look up to and obey the chief executive.... it's just that it is the chief executive of Israel!
Its a big ponzi scheme! Bring in more people into the country. They end up buying houses, condos, cars, clothes, food etc. Keeps things moving when our economy has dried up apart of the real estate (money laundering/construction) market.
That 2% - currently less in Ontario and Quebec - is self imposed by the Premiers. Federal funding will continue to rise by 6% this year and next, then at least 3% afterwards. Ask the Premiers why they are diverting funds from Healthcare
To the people who voted thumbs down, explain rape culture?
He is right on that point. Weed today is a lot stronger than it was 50 years ago. A lot stronger. So much stronger, that I need to smoke a half joint instead of an ounce of the stuff. Smoke less, smoke better.
Quick, someone send her the news about Yoga Day from Vancouver, B.C.
Is he sailing three sheets to the wind?
Bud Tugly I used a direct quote of yours and added nothing - "unilaterally" or otherwise. Do you think I'm working with a committee here?
What is a Pit Bull, this is not a specific breed, how do you identify if a certain dog is a Pit Bull???
Because you like phony as a $3 bill?
You hurt my feelings. You have no empathy for my dyslexia.
Buying shares is the ultimate 'democracy' of corporate governance
you people seriously need help . You are all pathetic......
Harper is not that clever. If he honestly believed in his arrogance that he could make the SCC look bad then he greatly miscalculated. The SCC looks like a heroic defender of Canadian democracy, Harper looks like a manipulation weasel.
I would say rob the poor, the middle class and upper middle class and make the top 5 % rich.
@Trevor KayYou are aware that providing opinion is a long established function of the media, aren't you?
The two - strengthening and redefining marriage - are simply NOT mutually exclusive concepts.
Good, timely open protest of federal government policy. Conservative supporters will unfortunately condemn the message as anti-Semitic rather than a legitimate cry for peace.
So, how many pieces of silver did the writers of this and similar editorials, and all those bankers, career politicians, corporate heads who love the monstrous EU so much, get for championing the cause of crushing freedom?
When a person turns 18 he or she can turn themselves into whatever they wish. Until that time they will have to deal with the fact that biologically only two choices exist. Male or female.
The only thing that ensured the peace in Europe was the US sitting there with a big stick.
Wrong Canuck I thumbs down because I don't agree you need 2 incomes.
But the Anglo party of Anglo American has joined or will be.
How many people were killed during the Ferguson riots? And how many charges were laid against police before the civilian photos and video became public?
I don't disagree with you there at all. Ontario like Alberta, BC and Quebec all are distorting the system for business interests.
If you knew how kids are indoctrinated today you wouldn't be so quick to assume these socialists will be turfed.
How do you account for the need for liability caps on nuclear power stations?
There's a slew of Americans trolling the English-speaking Internet to see where they can get in a few shots against planned parenthood. I believe you are one of them.
WOW! I was wondering where the PMO was and suddenly they appear.
They do have GO transit. People are still driving into Toronto on an expressway that is crumbling. That's good thinking?????
When will you eat you column? http://www.theglobeandmail.com/opinion/if-trump-wins-ill-eat-this-column/article29287461/
the anti-Canada Leap Manifesto will keep them close to the ground.
Some of the posters here have clinical disorders I am sure. The vitriol is a characteristic.
Just like Harper and his true believers Bill. You live in an alternate universe, and it isn't very pretty.
@MMackinnon: If headscarves (a cultural preference) are allowed in public schools, why not ball caps (turned backwards so the face can be seen)?
Why are we only giving some back? All of Canada was once 'owned' by natives. If the theory is the land is theirs, not anyone before or after them, shouldn't we be giving it all back?
Nature recently published something on this and it clearly showed not all vegetarians are anemic, with a certain diet you and your sister can definitely avoid that
Uh huh. Sure thing.
Careful !!!! votetogether now is run by Lead Now, which in turn is run be REBEL. CA All are Liberal fake sites,
Or that all the video cameras on board were 'not functioning' that night?
Two Canadians emigrate to the United States for every one American that emigrates to Canada. That is why Canada has to pull in so many immigrants from elsewhere to maintain our standard of living.
doubt you'll get a straight answer from her on any one of your very good questions. She's a skater, full of dreams and vague generalities but no actual policy.
France is creating a new national guard after terror attacksNY Post
Sphere.. well observed. It would be equally said of Romans in the 3rd century. Everything is relative and while they would have viewed events as difficult, none would have foreseen the end of the empire.
Gee the geniuses at the Glob of Muck are just finding out that Trudeau is just your garden variety lying Liberal ..brilliant !
And apparently so will his followers.
Yet another example where the West has cosy relationships with a dictator. Cuba was boycotted for years because it was a dictatorship.
In the Americas, there are a hell of a lot of Spanish speakers.
Actually, the prof, who has said she is an 'tree hugger' (her words) agreed with me and later said it was important for younger students to hear other points of view. Full points to her, she is a a very balanced person.
WWE that would be more likely attended by, less than a full deck, conservatives.
I'll have to remember to not read anything from Mr. Simpson while trying to eat breakfast. What a nauseating piece of drivel.
Women give sex to get love. Men give love to get sex. Among gay people, the arrangement is different and in sexual matters, easier.
More appropriately What came first, thinking or typing? Do you really think there was no crime before guns? A gun is simply a tool. It saves lives in responsible hands. Responsible people have the right to defend themselves.
Shia are not promoting international terrorism. I would even question if paying for the funeral of those murdered by Israel is really terrorism, but since criticizing Israel is verboten, many believe it to be so.
...And people keep pulling out this canard about a miniscule number of respondants saying 'Jedi' as if it renders the entire rest of the dataset invalid.
like the micmac knew that
I'm surprised they haven't buried this in the up coming budget - isn't that one of the ways they have been sneaking in laws that suit the conservative agenda?
Live in the now.
Get a password manager, like 1Password then. It is easy-peasy!
Indeed, security and development go hand in hand.
weird writes: 'Yes...but you can sell it for nothing...'=======================You sure can - especially if you're a public servant with absolutely no idea whatsoever how business works...
Old Stock Reformer What a ridiculous comment. Canada produces less than 2% of the world's CO2 emissions. The real problems are the US & China. Another victim of mad harper disease.
Yeah let's make Capitalism fair, good luck with that.
Is anybody concerned that English is about to disappear anywhere let alone Canada?
If you want a praise hymn read the Sun or The National Post. Or watch them weeping at Sun News.
How can the citizens of Ontario impeach this provincial Government? Serious consideration should be give to this idea.
keller has not run the numbers, keller is a Con hack and has nothing else to say.
Don't tell Yakabuski. He thinks he's fooling us.
Yeah, even though the Rooshiyans behave like barbarians in Ukraine, they will be angelsin the Arctic. You are so right Popsicle
Lets not forget that Ontario has more nuclear reactor capacity than all of the UK. When the decommissioning starts in 2016 we will then realize that the Total Cost of nuclear makes 44?/kWh seem cheap
It should still be your choice.
When it comes to values the rich Chinese & Russians are not the problem. They assimilate quite well but it takes a few generations.
Religion in the closet. Now wouldn't that be a refreshing change for once.
sorry you just trying to miss inform people. sad.
And when justice is done, we must accept it. Whether we like it or not, even you Zoe101
Harper may as well admit its a mission creep into combat. Best he put in place diplomacy and humanitarian work as well. Once you are in , you are 'in' and for the long haul.
Not the ceremony, but the ID. This is already done. Nobody gets to swear the oath without first having shown ID and proved who they are. A woman in niqab only does this in front of a female officer first, taking off her face covering and showing ID.
Ultimately this fight is about the right of the West to manipulate and attack the Middle East as we see fit. This is mostly about securing crude oil at prices we are prepared to pay and the propping up of Israel at any cost.
world's there fixed it
You are so misinformed in your loaded information. Ms. Wente shares a side NO ONE tells us about- it's an excellent informed article.
We all wonder.
OK. Now I get it. You're a teacher! One of these days, you should move over into the real world!
You represent illiteracy. Familiarize yourself with a dictionary, bub. It tells you the meaning of words. Truth is what it is. The facts that we discern with logic and science. What rational people share.
I don't recall any complaints from women when Zipper Billy was bonking interns and raping Juanita Broaddrick. Not so repulsive as insults I guess.
when martin left, he had a minority but managed to pay down the debt and hand over the great leader 13 billion dollars.
'One thing we Conservatives have going for us is we are the ones paying the majority of the bills in the country.' Do you have any evidence for this claim or is it some form of religious belief.
Harper is really just a small minded little man.
Surprising just how many people have not clued into the fact this is nothing more than a tax grab under the veil of climate change. Poor execution, as we would expect from Junior.
Harper can support whom ever he wises... grow up
whatever the pros and whatever the cons one thing is abundantly clear this government will make one h**l of a mess of it and drive us further and further into debt. and we will be no better of for it
Isn't Justice suppose to be blind?? Looks like Lady Justice has a few peep holes in her blind fold.
The majority of US voters have done that before having elected Bush the younger twice.
No, they 'oughtn't', LesCaine - can you talk to Harper about that, because he's supposed to be a good Christian boy, but isn't.
I know that 'Jack Reacher' is just an extremist troll. But people should be aware that when tuberculosis at residential schools is being discussed, the applicable time period is from about 1890 to about 1960.
Oh please, the Reform party merged long ago with Cononly an Old Puppy of the Left would rememberand keep harmingthe Young Puppies of the Left don't know what you mean
You should compare how much more time immigrant parents spend to make their kids to prosper vs the established Canadians. It doesn't last more than one or two generations.
....You can start with the sewer!
We women need to stop accepting it when people treat us like shit
Good call.. where was the G+M when the Cons brokered this deal. Hypocrisy? You bet!
Ontario voters got it right. There's no way out of this fiscal mess they've got themselves into, so they might as well go for broke. Wynne will finish the job.
'recharging the right'? sorry the battery is no longer rechargeable. time to replace it and that means replacing every single one of the yes-clapping seal drones under harpocrit.
OK, can we now get the G&M to print a retraction/apology for the original egregious article?
I am so absolutely sick and tired of religion. Islam is particularly repulsive.
Everything you say has an up-side. Show a little charity to a great finance minister. wills37
...these days the 'elite' is riding naked on their worthless debt horse, they just don't know it yet...
You mean. ..... Job Job JOBI applied for work in Alberta, got a job in Vancouver.
If the Crimea (which is a republic) decides to hold a democratic vote and the majority of its citizens vote to join Russia, how is this a 'Russian coup'? Remember, the Crimea originally belonged to Russia until 1954.
Oh stop . .
Banterman was railroaded but G&M doesn't care about it.
The Queen is a parasite in England, why would we want her here?
Agreed! However, it will probably weed out a lot of students from the arts programs. That will reduce enrolment in these programs and consequently dry up some of the funding for them
Why Emperor's Paparazzi - are you uniquely free from responsibilities for Canada's past?
There will be many more, the only comments left at the end of the day will be extolling Ms. Khan.
jc12345. If you spray a bunch of bullets at a deer the chances of a gut shot are high. You know what a gut shot it, right?
Empires can also be build through treaty, alliances and bullying intimidation (capitulation without war). The Empire we followed into war was the British Empire (as in WW1). And who said the 5 Eyes was a Nation State?
Hey I'm a good sport and yes I look pretty silly. Darn!
is Margaret ATWOOD a leftist not fond of Harper? Is the Pope Catholic?
Equally predictable of course would be the swift personal attacks from the intolerant "left" and you didn't disappoint.
What is the clinical disorder of which you speak?
I believe that's called having your cake and eating it too.
> There is much debate about how effective the Swedish model has been ... So in other words, the Feminist Critique is considered "proven". But any contrary opinion is "unproven".
Harper doesn't even hold press conferences - a similar documentary in Canada is unthinkable right now.
You missed the point; it isn't the death of the lion but rather the reason for it that is offensive. BVB
SK also has the most competent provincial government by a long shot.
Why not get her sister to help her? Become a snarling attack dog to besmirch her opponents while she does the real work of distributing those 'Chow Nation' fridge magnets?
so how much do we charge the orange and almond growers in California?
If one follows HarperThink? logic, access to Naloxone should be made as difficult as possible to discourage the use of dangerous drugs like heroin, fentanyl and marijuana.
Assuming this trend is real and not just due to increased media attention: is Trump himself really to blame for that?
Another silly argument. You are on fire my friend. Stop with the false equivalencies.
Call them what they really are - not fascists. Psychopaths.
Long time, no read, Kristen - welcome back. As to Andrew Prescott, isn't it about time we hear from him???
Ummm ... which proposal would that be?
Mulcair looks to be the hair apparent.
You must work for the PMO already...
the rabid chimp opines again..
Irony. Comments like yours are the reason why we do.
Nobody is going to invade Canada. And Syria, Pakistan and the rest can take care of themselves if left alone.
Not really a voice of moderation. It actually seems pretty homogenizing and negationist.
Illiterate moron.
Wow, you're just filled with answers!
OK now we all feel good. Lets go home, get the photo ops, promote our self importance and then...................well we all know what will happen.
Ms Wente is a columnist, not really a news journalist. That being said, today's column is a little over the top.
When the loop ends... Canada = Greece
Then I stand corrected. There is no "enemies list". It was a term concocted by the moderator.
you have nailed the issue right on the nose. Indigenous, black, white, pink, green people - stop committing crime - and you will be under represented in the statistics
One can easily get confused over the proximity of 400 km of distance. I have lived all my life in Ottawa, but I believe I was born in Albany NY.
ludwig. Communism and Nazism were defeated, but there still are Communists and Nazis around. Defeat ISIS and there will still be some believers, but they will have no power.
Thank you Birch, unfortunately the truth doesn't help some people.
Then why is Hugh Segal publicly supporting PR, pray tell?
Is that you Justin ?You are quite the drama queen.
4 dips agree
Vigorous, valiant, virile Vladimir Putin, Russia's popular, princely, powerful President prefers peace but pivots to pugnacity when pushed by imperialists & their poodles. His clarion call is concise & cogent: Don't bait the Bear.
A lesson for the ears of youth: Political nepotism = cushy job + high salary. WARNING: May Result In Moral Disfunction + Romoval From Reality.
Muslims have always voted against the conservatives, and they always will, until they get their own conservative party.
I agree that people are people fed up with the establishment lies, deceit and corruption. But how does Trump change that exactly? He lies, he's deceitful, and regarding corruption, I hope he's not corrupt, I don't know, but people are saying he is.
horsefeathers
'They haven?t and so we are complicit.'====Nope, I've opposed them every step of the way.
Here's a different more realistic opinion. http://www.americanthinker.com/blog/2014/06/british_columbias_carbon_tax_failure.html
I could have sworn that it was Dalton McGuinty running this province for the last 10+ years. Methinks you're letting your Harperage blind you to reality.
Citizens are already upset now between the public vs private sector workers. It's time for trying something new. The current system is very flawed and unproductive. Money & work is being wasted on administrative requirements. I'm in.
When NFL prospect Michael Sam came out in February, New Orleans Saints linebacker Jonathan Vilma said in an interview that he did not want a gay teammate.
This is not about washrooms, that is easy. It is about LOCKER rooms....
I have writing this before but Gregor and Christy don't care about the empty Condos and the Chinese money.
The US was shedding 500000 jobs a month when Obama took over,
How will they add that 7 or 8 points though?
30% of the population still believes that Elvis Presley is alive, don't they? Same people...
What does he have? He is white
Canada is fortunate to no longer have PM Trudeau in charge. After terrorists killed one person in October 1970 he invoked the War Measures Act & suspended democracy.
Even if the situation were very dangerous for the cop, which it might have been because the knife-wielder was within 20 feet, the last six shots AND a tasering just don't make any sense.
Is that you, Mel? The new McCarthyism was the regime of terror instituted in universities and elsewhere by the Alt-Left intent on silencing anyone deemed 'racist, ethnophobic, misogynistic, islamophobic', etc.
It was birds wasn't it?
Oh God no....she has her own pressing issue....THE CATS!
Don't worry, Notley is busy building goodwill and relationships. Things that have yielded worse results, actually, than the previous line of thinking.
Let me introduce myself. Here you are make general accusations not using your name. A coward of sorts.
The US has a gun problem, sure. But so how is that relevant to the issue at hand? What about the rest of the western world that has been victim of islamic terrorism, like France, Spain, the UK, Brussels, Australia and Canada?
Yeah, but they're the best words.
1. My brother is obese. 2. I love him dearly. 3. He eats way too much and knows it.4. I love him dearly.
Too bad your logic has a huge hole in it. FOX News watchers (i.e. uninformed Americans) don't read the NYT.
"she should have a full face photo taken for passports etc" She would. She also has to prove who she is before the ceremony by showing her face and having it compared to the official document.
The system is still a disaster just a bit less. Lets see what she can actually do with this entrenched system. Not much probably but I hope she tries.
To say nothing of the risks to our watersheds.
Troll. Hey Harper isn't PM.
Fantastic Editorial!
Incorrect date posted. The online event that Olivia Chow participated in was April 2014, not January 2015.
I guess Timothy McVey ( Christian mass murderer) and Barach Goldstein (Jewish mass murderer) failed to realize that Christianity and Judaism had reformed there way out of extremist thought.
Op-eds like this always makes you wonder: Who are the true Haters in Canadian / American society?
It's a European problem. If by the west you mean the USA and Canada, I sure hope we stay the hell out!!
Churchill was a bigot, a racist and an Imperialist who believed in socialism for the rich white people running England. So you can ignore whatever he says.
Yeah, I sure feel bad for those Murkan losers having to decide between Clinton and Drumpf. ABCD
kind of like lawyers, eh?
NDP back in the day he was premier of Ontario. Then later switched to Liberal federally.
This is a satirical piece, BG. Work on your sense of humour. A satirical writer is not a 'journalist'
People today are working under the same conditions that existed during the Industrial Revolution, We have gone backwards and the government is a main contributor in thiscallous development.
Agreed the current path is to the far left. They should stay moderate left. I think if they do this they can really challenge to liberals for that part of the vote.
Good question. Do the Thompson's own Enbridge stock? There's your answer.
Let's see what the market does to VW before we judge your comment.
Bob, I know that you're not interested in facts but here's another report about the German 'green' jobs collapse. Don't worry, you'll hear more about this! http://greenzone.co/2014/02/26/german-government-report-urges-scrap-green-energy-subsidies/
You might want to look at Ezra's 'principles' before you continue that support.
Barack's the lamest of lame ducks. Trudeau will have to fly south again next year anyway.
It's all they have.
Too funny.. A stage shot of Trump's, and his running mate's 'families' show all the Trump women as beautiful, and his 15 years younger running mate, with his grandmotherly wife....what a contrast...
Obama says less than 100. 90,000 reasons and 1 now to go.
It would be really nice if he did that. However you should know that if journalist would do that, their career would and right there, so perhaps the same fear exists with politicians.
Exactly. But the complicit media portrays it as incompetence, and so the people go around calling them "stupid" instead of "criminal".
Then 90% of the system is fixed already. Fixing the last 10% is hardly any reason to throw out the whole system.
Now if we hadn't shipped all those jobs off to China, Korea...
'her house.'Freudian slip.....
Oh, that communist fool!
I think you are correct in some ways but with shale oil, the US doesn't care about middle east oil anymore. They have enough to supply their country for over 100 years.
Nonsense. Where did you hear this idiotic rumor?
She was not naive.
Glad they didn't cancel it. We are still paying for the previous Liberal government cancelation of the helicopter deal.
What if it is a prelude to the Globe's upcoming Harper endorsement?
The reality here is support for ultrarighties right outa the 1930s attempting to hihack Ukraine with miniscule popular support, bypassing fair election.
Absolutely. Shameful. Pathetic.
http://news.nationalpost.com/full-comment/john-robson-the-welfare-state-is-bust-and-so-are-americans
Scotland 'vote to stay". Stay with the program.
Return to Planet of the Apes...
yes, the opposition is not to sex ed per seit is opposition to sex ed that is not age appropriateeguntil you reach puberty the concept of sexual orientation is just a wordjust meaningless indoctrination
Climate science? is there such a thing? if so it must be government run.
Rochdale pretty much hit the nail with crazy. Also conservative list of crazy would be just as long. The fact is politics are crazy everywhere so who's to say one leader is better than the other
It was simply a line flow reversal. This was such an obvious project not even the NIMBYs and U.S. funded NGOs could obstruct it.
Ha! You would certainly think that to hear some people in Alberta.
We are not discussing Christianity. Stop trying to distract from the topic.
For that kind of coin he could do a much better job getting his facts straight.
I love NAFTA! Peace, love, unity! There are still car plants left in Canada and the US. THIS IS UNSPEAKABLE RACIST EVIL!
I thought it was an interesting perspective. Trump has let an angry genie out of the bottle... there is no going back, for 4 years. The biggest casualty will be the environment. Michelle 2020!!!
Nobody who hasn't had an immediate family member die in a foreign war within no more than one generation should even be allowed to vote.
Finally a leader who knows economics
jjuaresPerhaps the arguments are a bit beyond your level of comprehension. Constitutional change almost invariably requires a super majority for ratification. The reasons are patently obvious to anyone with a triple digit IQ.
An add paid for by your tax payers dollars. Thanks S TW for making Simpson's point so well!
He's skinny but never thought a day in his life.
By what means do you propose that FPTP is responsible for our success? In the USA, it has facilitated a lack of options and a rise of corruption that is likely to be significantly negatively impacting their growth.
Most Canadians aren't bright enough to see that, but instead are bamboozled by unrealistic promises and a celebrity candidate.
GynnMhor, don't argue with Soundoff. He just needs your tax dollars for his NGO to fund his trips to Brazil.
Never mind your usual obsession against the 6 million inhabitants of the GTA, I don't think you know what 'carpetbagger' means.
keith_moon: "He didn't need any help from the media" Yeah right. The "media" can't vote for the president, can they?
Yes. Thank you!
Except that wasn't hard right thinking. What we see in the us is hard right. What we had was right of center.
Right on, Canada 1, and the person who says Dick Cheney is a hero should be sent to Irak to fight with the Iraki 'army' trained by his American friends to help pick up the pi?ces and clean the mess
Is that guy Junior's speech writer?
Yes. The lies told about a criminal act by one young man who wanted to get high, against people of other races, are now sacred gospel.
The constitutional monarchies of Europe, and beyond are some of the most progressive, egalitarian, prosperous and stable countries on the planet. Republics less so.
John Nunziata? That's what 15, 20yrs ago? Time to move on. Have a nice day!
It is unfortunately less easy in 2015 than it would have been in 2011 thanks to the Unfair Elections Act.
Who is apologizing? Certainly not me. I object to any senator submitting expenses in which they are not entitled to. I also object to ignorance and stupidity.
Shhhhh, your insistence that we consider reality will spoil the 'sunny ways' dreams of this idea's supporters.
And that attitude is precisely why we have the garbage gov that we currently have in Ontario. There is no one worse than the dictatorial queen at Queens. She quite possibly runs the worst gov in the history of Canada.
Pierre you LIE
Yes, in a situation like this the grammar police prove to be truly blind. Must be that policing mentality. This was murder. Wake up, Ruth.
She did show her face, as required, during the pre-ceremony processing.
Dug is blaming The Premier of Ontario for Rob losing his coaching job with Don Bosco... Talk about a tin foil hat
Urps I meant strategy. Seems if I delete comment it just disappears.
Thank you Alceste. The bigots are out in full force here and are actually congratulating themselves with their thumbing up business and their spurious nonsense. They even try to argue they're not racist.
Traitorous headline undermining Canadian security world wide and questioning the PMs credibility on NOT paying off terrorists. A new low in 'yellow' mainstream journalism!
Yet now we have the spectacle of Calgary getting ready to bid for the winter Olympics. This from a Country, Province and City up to their eyeballs in debt.
So, they're 'selling like hot cakes'?How many have actually been sold so far?
If Mr. Sutherland worked in the U. S. he paid his taxes there.
Please read First Nation history before coming to your conclusions which are very narrow.
I framed that poorly. I think we all need to fight for freedom of expression.. standing shoulder to shoulder.. Whar women don't need is to be patronized by some faux Sir Galahad riding to their defence
I hope you don't have kids.
The Progressive Left make wonderful targets due to their small, narrow minded views of Society and how we interact
www. politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2013/jul/29/don-lemon/cnns-don-lemon-says-more-72-percent-african-americ/
Ok ... That says it all. ..
Rockin. You are losing on points so I'm a racist. Good argument.
hates ignorance, but can't spell
So you agree that Chretien is a bumpkin?
What Canadians 'feel' is not relevant to the 100, 000 Canadians who have died in WWI, WWII, and Korea, to name a few. THAT is history, not current 'feelings' by a few.
Run, Forrest, run! Stupid is as stupid does. Etc.
If LOTS more people don't vote, Harper will surely win in 2015
Redford yet again shows She is more aligned with Her bretheren at the UN than Alberta... Lawyers do that, it's called Weasel words... used in an Election, then do something else altogether! One hit blunder this one...
It is my opinion Peter M Cox
Are you sure it is a good idea to further your argument with exaggerated data. The average current wait time across Ontario for knee replacement is 195 days.
4thought: what other NDP examples do you have? I'm not a supporter, but many of their provincial governments have been fiscally sound. As for Harris, you forgot to mention creative accounting and asset sales.
Drama teacher?
Thanks! To those who gave the comment a thumbs down, can you elaborate on what you disagree with?
Good for you. What about electricity? Have you stopped travelling by air? etc. I want to know because I want to know how much you think is enough.
Harper has four times Trudeau's net worth. Somebody is spinning something here.
Who wears a watch anymore!?!? Don't these people have cellphones?
It would appear that you're the one lacking in an education about what happened.
Power corrupts, ample reason why safeguards are needed such as term limits and a PR voting system to prevent majority governments.
So, what did the Royal Canadian Navy do so that Harper ended up bypassing its traditional turn at Hief of the Defence Staff not once but twice? Why has Canada's media failed to pick this up?
Trudeau never gets anything right. The guy is nothing more than a Totalitarian Regressive Leftist. He is far more dangerous to this country than Trump ever will be.
Pretty much. These boards are turning into a moderated version of Breitbart.
David, not even pretending anymore? So bold in your racism. Congratulations.
Government 'science' is not science. All government 'science' does is come up with the conclusions that the government wants to hear in order that the government grant money keeps coming.
'...seriously ill-informed.' Yup, that's our PM alright.
Strange that the Globe didn't object when this technique was used in the recent Canadian'terrorism' cases.
If the person doing the scripting is stupid the result is stupid. When everyone around Steve appears to be stupid then they attract and select more of the same and so on.
' better than the years of arrogance, abusive power and scandal on Harper's permanent record.'Were you stoned or willfully blind during the previous Trudeau, Chr?tien and Martin years?
Rubio will be the next VP. Period!
Ooooohhh, nice one!
Easy! Get rid of the snowflake socialist stooges that whine about everything, and make little puddles on the ground when things don't go their way.
The deleted comment referred to periodic op-ed contributor Gwyn Morgan's background, no more. Fraser Institute board member, Chairman of the Board of SNC-Lavalin, former CEO of EnCana. Deleted as 'abusive'? Really?
You're wise.
You mean Abbott and Harpstello?
A bit of reading for you all. http://qualicuminstitute.ca/federal-debt/BTW it was PET that was at the helm and no politician has ever looked back.
Your spelling doesn't exactly burnish your credibility, does it...
communism is a thing of the past; it only took Russia and Pierre's buddy Castro a hundred years to figure that out.
I've never been in a doctor's office that didn't have at least one or two nurses on staff, and generally a receptionist.
Zarny, women have XX Chromosomes, men are XY.
Yes, I'm taking to asterisking 'won' when speaking of Con 'wins', and for reasons that while they would appear obvious to any of us paying attention, clearly are not to Con supporters.
I always like hearing from a 'true - blue Conservative' as you have claimed to be on past posts. Keep it up......................................./sarc
The more suffering you experience, the shorter your trip to the mythical Christian heaven.......Stay away from these superstitious doctors if you can help it!
Justin Trudeau has a hidden agenda. He wants to restore freedom and democracy.
MommaGood comment. Co-worker of mine just completed his MBA at Duke (after several years working) and his bill came to $100,000 for the two years.
.. and the peanut gallery takes a quote WAAAAAAY out of context. This conversation extends well past the bedroom as well.. or do you think teachers are taking children to their bedrooms to spank them?
'Yet when Harper, RIGHTFULLY calls out the fraud of global warming, and refuses to play the Obama charade' Your post was generated by a scientifically illiterate gibberish machine, you should turn it off.
Mor0nic post, Robert 320.
And how many future serial killings have been prevented?
You certainly have a twisted and hateful view of the world, to see that speech as race-baiting.
Slippery slope
What has that to do with Omar Khadr?
It's a sad day when Bud is a voice of reason.
CLEAN energy - R&D to develop the techLOWER world populations.....etcWe live in a non sustainable manner
Mr. Publisher, tear down this pay wall.
You seem oblivious to the improvement in the US economy since he took office. Unconscious?Off the planet?
I think 'pro-life' is a misnomer. I think the movement should call itself 'anti-abortion' or 'anti-choice', which is more accurate. The 'pro life' tag implies that a person cannot be pro choice and pro life at the same time, which is false.
Sounds like someone in Ottawa? Perhaps trade voice for looks?
We'll have to check with the Globe's editors to see which words we're allowed to use in public anymore.
Being compared to Wente! Ouch, that ones gotta hurt!
Its to bad. Makes us on step closer to a third worl country
Where would Khadr go if he is ever released?
Oh...and if any Quebecois want a hand with a ticket home to France, simply give me the word and I'll see what I can do to facilitate your transit home. bon voyage, mes amis!
Your equalization money.
What even is a 'lesbian separatist'?
Why on earth is this story being censored? The Globe's obsession with censorship is so irritating!!!
Chris, It's baseball. It's a game! Do you seriously think this is a big problem? That there are no bigger problems?
Can someone please put that man on a 'do not fly' list? He is embarrassing us all over the world. Besides, he still has a lot of very important questions he should be answering here at home.
Exiting? Send the bill to the Mining and Gas/Oil companies! If they invested in the people, not the corrupt, this revolution wouldn't be happening.
kpare: we should ban everybody from acquiring assault rifles.
North Korea has already received a message from the US. Don't do what Libya did and give up your nuclear weapons program.
They're not even hiding it anymore. What a despicable crowd they are.
More caw cawing from the from the auto worker's union. Corporate welfare recipients. How about eliminating the tax credit on union dues ?Since you're so eager to contribute to the greater good, eh Jim ?
Congratulations on having the monopoly on truth . It must be a very special feeling.
But it's true you mask your inner thuggishness under pretension, Lamont. Too bad if that stings.
Think tanks aren't real jobs? Tell that to Canada's 'left' which relies on 'think-tanks' to pursue its political goals - and make its commentators look more relevant. At least as many lefty think-tanks in Canada as righty think-tanks.
I don't know, the military get reimbursed for real estate and legal fees when they get moved. These two people probably had, and now have, homes worth more than the average military member so I'm not sure how the expenses compare.
3rd place, we luv ya!
When Canadians said Anybody but Harper, uh... We didn't mean just anybody. O'Leary is a few steps down from even Harper on the intelligence ladder.
A Sociopath.
Actually it starts with the American arms industry. See http://www.cnn.com/2016/05/24/politics/us-arms-sales-worldwide/
Don't be praising Joe Clark. The liberal press despised him, belittled and ridiculed him, and got rid of him ASAP.
I think you meant 'as Committed', not 'as Commissioned'
They weren't anonymous.
Trump is a very dangerous man who should not have been allowed to get as far as he has. One good thing about his coronation in the Republican party is that it will mean many more years of democratic presidents.
Who did these media studies???
Man you really had to do some mental twisting of your tiny brain in order to get two people into one sentence; with no punctuation.
Lol! Everyone knows the 'data', it's just that Hillary's data is even worse.
Afghanistan was even further away and we could 'feel their pain'. None that we inflicted, anyway.
It's time for Wynne to pull rank and remove him from office, or for Bill Blair to arrest him. One way or other, the city, province and country cannot cower in fear of Ford Nation. Let's show some conviction and do the right thing.
How does Clinton stack up then?
apparently, you and george are incapable of rational thought
Lighten up, Francis.
They openly welcome other languages and .... oooops. Never mind.
The fact is you spew out generic gibberish!
There go those darn voters again, ignoring the Chosen One and electing a different party. Darn voters.
Whatever the Liberals achieve... it will major improvement to Harper's regime.
How is that working out for you cons.. ' the COMMUNIST CONSERVATIVE PARTY OF CANADA'. The CCPC new flag will either be Brad Walls oil can flag or the symbolic Chinese panda.
'Now follow me here. Assume there is a video.'There most certainly IS a photo of a stoned-looking Rob Ford hanging out with known gangsters. What does it take for some of Ford's apologists to realize that we really, really have a problem here?
I learned two really important things from this article. 1) Convict leasing had the effect of extending slavery in America well into the 20th century. 2) The comments in this form demonstrate that Canada also has a long way to go in fighting racism.
Whiskey Jay! (The Canada Goose produces more poo per square inch of park than probably any other animal on the planet.)
Not economically rational? That's crazy talk. You might not like the environmental risk but the NGP is the one single project that can make Canada noticeably richer.
No not really. Pulling out a text book is not a substitute for classroom teaching, at least with good profs. Besides, in 4th year, more current literature than textbooks are taught.
What a fool - Trudeau can try to put gloss over the obvious however the raw belly of Quebec society is showing.
I am glad you didn't say soccer! Those goofshead butt other players in the face!!
It's deja vu all over again. Didn't we have 'the large, educated, secular will prevent the country turning into an Islamic fundy country'?
Gay sex in grade 5?
*That* was funny!! Well done!! LOL!!
He looks an awful lot like Fantino!
He wasn't in a drunken stupor , he was 'on personal time'' , taking a break from saving the city a billion. He can have a few pops and rip f***ing lungs out while doing funny native accents while on his down time, can't he?
Right, bringing Satan into it would make for a more rational discussion.
This column's author and his fellow sociology professors also miss the point about immigration. A country is not a hotel, and imposing restrictions on who is allowed to move here is not 'costly', it's absolutely essential.
Kim Kardashian for President!
You're a liar.
and before chretien, turner. that's a bit rich coming from mr kinsella.
And 6 million other people who were not Jews. Let's not forget them.
Can of worms maybe. Chaoui and Gagnon to lead our society to a new level of integrism.
so rich that Harper met with the parents of bullying victim Rehtaeh Parsons yesterday
Can't Alberta do what The Provinces in Eastern Canada do,Mr. simpson? Just keep on racking up debt while complaining they aren't getting a fair share of equalization payments.
WOW!!!...a disgruntled employee backed up a toilet. A roll of paper will do that, but they flush out, use an apple or something, they take months to decompose..:)
Ah - no wonder when the white Christian man came they considered native canadians 'uncivilized' when their definition of civilzation was built on the wisdom of the Pope who considered individual conscience stupid.
...and in turn have others express their opinion about his intelligence.
I thought Mr. Tootoo was relieved of his duties because of an alcohol problem.
...the taxpayers bleeding edge....
Perhaps if Barb had made the request for milk from the golf course...
So...why didn't Canada declare war on the US to defend Iraq?
Because the Prime Minister does not fly on commercial airlines, even in Canada. But Harper paid back the equivelent cost of his family travelling.
When the world thinks of thugs, USA, UK and France comes in the mind.
You forget that Harper had just returned from a G7/20 meeting where he advocated spending of 1-2% of GDP against the recession. He shortly after presented a budget where he blatently ignored any such spending.
best comment so far.
FYI - prices are falling in Australia, especially condos in Sydney.
And peddles marijuana to underage kids...
The principles were the same, nonetheless.
Dim Wun: If something says "Made in China" I buy something else. South Korea produces better stuff than China does...
I think that all nations have a responsibility to temporarily take in those who are vulnerable (seniors, children, the disabled). But healthy young men and women should be sent back immediately and told to solve their own national problems.
Your tax dollars at work in the 'finest', Orwellian tradition. A joke and embarrassment to all Canadians and the landscape around the proposed montrosity.
The Left pursues fantasies. The Right pursues reality.
Might be Mr. Trudeau is a reader of Veterans Today. http://www.veteranstoday.com/2015/10/21/breaking-story-israeli-general-captured-in-iraq-confesses-to-israel-isis-coalition/
...sure is a good thing CONs are spending our money monitoring these comments. the equallymonitored backbenchers are probably keeping tabs on here, too.
And bankrupt the country.
Well researched and passionate, well done
It's coming to Canada if we get proportional representation, lots of small, radical, fringe parties.
I think the author is guilty of misidentifying Harper's animal cunning and political instincts for intelligence.
I feel you!
How would you know anything about his knowledge and involvement-but it doesn't stop you from making an absurd posting. You seem to be suggesting that he doesn't support law enforcement and must be in bed with ISIS.
thoughs and prayers - yeah that'll save a lot of lives
Passionate as they are, I think these guys are the cure for Western pusillanimity. I think they should go over there themselves and handle all this personally. God speed and maybe, while you're over there, maintain radio silence, just for safety.
???He's a man.
John no matter what you say as a matter of public record Harris did not leave the Province in debt so sorry, go tell it to your union bosses.
Excellent initiative. Among the many benefits of biking to work, under the right conditions, is the 'Joy of Transportation'. Many other cities, even those with colder climates, such as Montreal and Copenhagen, are also moving in this direction.
There is still a need for postal services. IT will never go away. But the union would have us believe they are still the backbone of communications in Canada.
There's no contradiction there. People educated at Eton, for instance, are just as likely to be xenophobic racists as the lowliest soccer hooligan. You don't know Brits if you don't know that.
You misinterpret the use of the word "sexy", probably deliberately. It's a metaphor for something that is exploited because it catches public attention. It is used in that manner quite frequently.
What, like Fox News and the Sun newspapers?
so one vote one man /person shouldn't happen? Or are the 'rest' not equal?
know what?.....I posted the same identical thing last night and it got censored.
That is not to say that there is effective treatment for many people . But we need better treatments for sure
Good Barnsey. Let me know when they come in.
Which ones are the good ones?
Interestingly many of those who are working directly in the industry or working directly with sex workers have a totally different view than this. Maggie's and Stella, and Spoc. you can't make sex work go away, and you know that very well.
'Roads aren't free, I pay gas taxes and taxes on my vehicle so I have paid for the roads'. ...I've paid taxes on my laptop and overpay for my hydro, so does that mean I paid for the internet I want to use them on?
Then you haven't looked very hard, and shouldn't be commenting on the matter.
I am single, retired and have a cat. Unlike most of Ms. Wente's friends who apparently have no debt, I do. And there was relatively little in the budget for folks like me, despite my age.
It's vindictive. Pure and simple. These guys run the country like the mafia.
Needreason, Why are you so quick to insult? Have you no arguments to support your position?
Huh? Cretchan died?
You got it backwards pal. They have Zero respect for their governments and develop lying/coping mechanisms. So,welcome to Canada, you can trust us.
Power at all costs, including his ideology. MrC
By the way many Muslim people denounced the action they didn't like it.Some people of this religion are fighting us, but also each other.
'Not to put too fine a point on it.'In fact you can't make that argument blunt enough. For the most part these aren't exactly deep thinkers that you're referring to.
slurping up lies because it fits the anti-Harper agenda.....this bird cannot back up one of his assertions ..wake up and think for yourself
Undecided. dream on!
'I also wonder about the younger demographic. Do they know who these guys are?'If not, the CBC's broadcast helped to inform them . . .
This is a government that, on both the national and international stages, promotes fear in our lives and then puffs itself up as our protectors. I desperately want them defeated. But I also want new perspectives and voices.
Perhaps if NL simply shut down Churchill falls for a few weeks Quebec might come to the table.
Not baffling, convenient.
Literally the dumbest shit I've read in decades.
A plant with psychological issues, keller? Most of were unaware of the existance of such a botanical marvel. What substance did you imbibe to gain this revalation, keller?
It was an american investment bank - Goldman? - that helped to disguise the economic problems of Greece enabling it to join the Euro. You rest assured that Goldman got paid.
@djw: more than zero.
Perhaps clever Canadian academics could be offering to help?
With funding to this group provided by Iran and SyriaFollow-the-money..
@kcdist, did you actually just reference saggy pants? Are you real or satire, officer?
Yes it is unfortunate we have a liar and fraud as PM. It is dragging Canada down as well.
Opinion pieces that you can agree with or disagreewith. Perhaps a better choice if you can't standPeggy's commentary would be to avoid it.
I first saw this expression used to describe Dubya. I do not consider it "apropos" (sic) Justin Trudeau.
Relativism is an ineluctable conclusion of logic. The issue is what to do about it.
I new that Harper would be bad but I didn't think he would sink this low... this is scary stuff!
At 82 years old you think he wants back in.........pretty lame comment that takes away from the positive 2nd paragraph.
Clueless! I see you still are!
The Liberals had their punishment, now it is the Conservatives turn.
hey KAM , the article is a propaganda piece shilling for hillary,, if you cant see it, your ignorant of reality,,
The Hope Cinema is another example of a small-town theater staying alive, thanks to upgrades and the willingness of locals to patronize it.
Ireland wouldn't be able to participate in many international sporting events if it boycotted every one held in countries that allow it.
Trudeau tried exactly that. How's it working out for you?
As long as governments use low taxes as a reason to keep voting them into power, little of the resource revenues will be set aside. Future generations do not vote for present day governments.
I think you had better read the article. Feel free to speak - justr don't expect anyone to listen
Wow, not a lot of thinking going on with that post.
If the curriculum reflects societal values, why do 40% of people oppose it?
Heh heh heh... bark, you would do well to read my posts before trying to reply to them. I offer solutions, and you call it 'blame'?
NO bloody excuse Eliza. If the police can't handle certain jobs, then take away their authority to do so and give it to an organization that can .... the army!
Donald Trump will make America great again. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Trump was dropping in the polls recently. Don't believe what you hear on talk radio and on Fox 'News'.
canaussie - there's already a closet in the House of Commons that has his name - that's all he will ever deserve.
But it will be turned inside-out to please a few zionist financiers.
or moral acumen....
I think you're largely correct here. I'd only add that the Libs also ran a very good campaign and Justin did well in the debates.
Sounds a petulant response!
Yeah man. Trudeau will now be able to say 'Don't make me come over there!' whenever the opposition is delaying his agenda. He can appoint cabinet ministers based on physical size and strength too.
I'm not sure you're right. The federal deficit alone this year may be greater. But, even at $12.5Bn, Ontario's deficit will be less than 2% of its gross provincial product. There are countries that would love a 2% deficit.
Any Canadian journalist or other critter who uses the suffix 'gate' to describe a Canadian scandal, is a sheep-like dunce.
HAHA HAHAHA! Brilliant. But, of course, seriously, that stuff is dangerous. You can drown in it. It should be banned.......
well well well, look what the cat dragged in
How ignorant. "lazy blood suckers?" The vast majority of public sector workers are indeed dedicated and hard working. If you think public services are bad now, trying hiring a bunch of high-school graduates for minimum wage and see what happens.
Tom Z - I know you're delighted to live in Harper Land but some of us cling to traditional notions of Canadian Democracy.
Men have better things to do? And women don't? :)
A note to motorists: please stop killing and injuring people.
The earth is also flat, prove it otherwise.
so, you like making people sick, then. you're in safe hands.
Richard Roskell, aka Agent Ivan, how much does the Kremlin pay you to disseminate such robotic, ahem, deflections? What's the rate? 5 rubles per deflecting comment?
He doesn't truly represent Conservatives - he represents the Reformer Conservatives - quite a different party from the old Tories.
Just watch the polls. The media are out to lunch on this one.
And we think we have 'arrived' when we get the mortgaged three bedroom house in the burbs with the required SUV, 2 children and of course the dog!!!
I saw a thumbs down and could not leave it at that. As an atheist for the past 74 years, I liked your sensible comment.
If the guy's teachers' college experience was anything like mine, Foster18, you need to factor in the teaching assignments. That will be where he got his REAL training!!!
Canada will vote Harper back in, we all know that. Why does the author not spend some time explaining that?
Uh sorry, but all those people who voted for Obama over Romney are not going to suddenly go for Trump.
What I said is the whole article. My point is why write every nuance to a story that is old news. It is just too verbose and could be stated in two paragraphs.
Nothing the Fords do is surprising to me. What is surprising is that some people still vote for either one.
At least one thing more. To make them rich. Because if you're going to end modern capitalism, you have to make your millions first.
You must be in another dimension, everyone in the USA says the opposite.
Ah, I see one of Mr. Andrews' supporters is here. Well played sir, well played.
That reminds me. Gotta get haircut this weekend. ;-)
Obviously you have no clue what you are talking about. Do you recall the War Measures Act?
You don't get away that easily. 50% of what's right with your kids is your fault too. It takes a parent...
Golden Seal works best.
I don't remember seeing JT in the report - was he failing to respect French speaking Canadians as well?
In practice, socialism didn't work. But socialism could never have worked because it is based on false premises about human psychology and society, and gross ignorance of human economy. David Horowitz
Yes, I believe that Canada took the same approach when Europe got themselves embroiled in a war over there. It is always a good argument to say that if it's not in my backyard, it's not my problem, right?
Hear, hear. The armchair spies are out in full force today. Doesn't matter what you think. This man has done more of significance for his country than either of you losers ever will.
And the Ontario lefties love him still! Shows how far Canada has fallen.
Precisely ! As I have posted a few times now - we don't need electoral reform but voter reform. Otherwise the sheeple in Ontariowe will bankrupt the entire country !Responsible citizenship intead of the 'rights' hobby horse.
A particularly cogent article that resonates with someone who is old enough to remember what happens during a police strike in a small town.
There is a good chance he is guilty .We have too many crazed miscreants in our society who visit unspeakable acts on innocents. He , and his ilk should hang if proven guilty. Too bad we do not have the death penalty.
What do you talk about? 1/3 of Chinese laborers are under employed these days and most of them still live in rural area.
What you stated means the liberal got into power because of money.
Trump supporters are people who follow only Fox News (not about news), Rush Limbaugh (was convicted of sending his maid to buy thousands of prescription pills for his consumption), Gordon Liddy (convicted as one of the Watergate burglers), etc.
Ms. Wente, a wonderful essay you have scored a home run with this, when will the Justin govern instead of flitting around the world acting similar to Peter Pan..!
Best post - the agenda seems to divert with the egregiously trivial and irrelevant while Rome burns ... Journalism ???????????
Pretty good wage for 9 to 10 months of work. ??????(Work???)
Hear hear...
Ah yes the argument by anecdote. Lets form international policy on that.
You guys have a reality distortion. Obama has sold more arms than any other presidents since the second world war!
How true MW
Oh, he's a racist. Denying qualified blacks an apartment, failing to acknowledge innocence of accused when DNA evidence exonerated them, stating he did not want blacks in his accounting department (only men in yarmulkes)...I think he qualifies.
Thats a sexist stupid comment.
Someday Lorna is going to tell us how important Christians among us - yes, even our most eminent churchgoing government leaders - practice the ethics and moral purpose that they take from the good book. But I will not hold my breath in the interval.
>> pursuing an international criminalSo you fell for that one, as well.
I second Ramon.
if the thing ever got 14 members the move to disband it will come easily
We are no in Harperland, a hateful and ignorant place. I want Canada back. I want to be proud of my country again.
The vast majority of enumerated Canadians voted AGAINST the plick, election after election. This dog don't hunt.
The article says very little about Harper, just that the Harper views on the issue are irrelevant, which is true..
The 'sovereign country' of Scotland, Quebec and Turks and Caicos... works for me. I understand the Finns would be willing to let them use the markka.
Or they should just agree to a hiring freeze so other departments in the City can have funds.
Almost forgot...:-)
Hillary is shown embracing the Dragon and hugging the man. Trump simply shunned him. The endorsement means nothing unless you want it create something out of it.
A tempest in a teapot. The teapot being Canada.
It's called teaching. Learning is a good thing. You should try it sometime.
You are a re-take on the movie 'I'm All Right Jack.'
Quebec did not run Canada & Alberta does not run Canada. This non sense is spread by partisan political hacks.
Utterly delusional, kool-aid drinking, Liberal partisan pap. Cringe-worthy.
'That's a go.'No it isn't.
Not that I'm happy with the level of corruption this government is showing but you obviously don't travel much. Google the corruption index rankings.
Yes, no Liberal ever attacked Harper. Ever. You can look this up.
The Greek people never got any money from the German and French taxpayers.
.However, having said that, without Trudeau Marc Garneau is very impressive. ============================== Meh..
There is no evidence of her 'having made arrangements.. The grandmother she was left with was clueless. There is more than one 'crime' here. Killing people is one, abandoning a child is another.
Chretien has had his turn at the wheel; he should stay out the way and stop still trying to steer the ship.
Wasn't Crosby vaccinated already?
Would praising the Vatican for recognizing the Palestinian state be classified as 'hate speech' or 'extremism?' Probably both.
Sorry, wrong and so wrong. Many trade delegations have left Canada and it really started with Chretien but before him Nixon in the US. Trade is good for everyone and maintains peace and prosperity.
well it took 300 years for te west to become secular i.e. separate govt from religion although US is trying hard to go backwards - we shouldnt judge just understand
Yuen Pao Woo came to the aid of Chinese purchasers driving up property prices in the lower mainland. Who woulda thunk it?Salaries are so low in the lower mainland because people are willing to take a premium in terms of lower salaries to live there.
I have always decried how Ralph Lauren and Tommy Hilfiger co-opted the Scottish tartan!
. This province is a low-tax jurisdiction. I don't care what you choose to believe. Parasites!
You have mistaken irony for despair.
so none of the parties care
Yeh but Canada is FULL COMMUNISM and has no freedom or bald eagles. Checkmate.
While I agree with your points, I take issue with 'Forgive...' These guys do not repent and are beyond forgiveness. They just have good rules that keep them slithering along. God forgot them already. Walking corpses in white clothing.
...And in the U.S., depending on where you live and who you are, voter registration / proof of identity can be quite challenging.
Tea Party is in the States. Try and keep up.
We don't need to forget about global warming to do something about pollution. We can do both at once.
"Amurika" does not love it's illegals. US big business loves the cheap labour while the American left loves the illegal votes these invaders give the Democrats. Ordinary Americans do not love it at all.
his deep dive is his head up his anal cavity
George Bernard Shaw remained a socialist until his death at 94.People with alert brains don't rely on the internet for the source of quotes.
You're right. Canada should also give Snowden a passport and allow Assange to continue his work in Canadian territory.
As Christ said: 'As you do to the least of mine, so you do unto me'. Christians should be seen by their deeds, not by their utterances (speaking as a Christian).
this, right here, was the real problem. if I was an American democrat I would have stayed home too, like two million of them did, giving trump the election.
It's 'its'.
He's establishment! Part of the 'all is as it should be' style journalism.
I worry more that we have given over sight of national security to a political party. If you look at Harper's proposed legislation it looks more like what his arch enemy Putin does. How interesting.
Wow, Moseby1 you seem hungup that I'm able to provide facts that counter the BS the antis spew. It's interesting that facts threaten you!! At least I use my real name and don't hide behind something that no one can identify!!
When Simpson refers to our two energy challenges and neither of them are remotely related to the cost of that energy, you have to wonder if he ever talsk to the private sector.
Natives pay income tax if they work off reserve. If they work on reserve, they don't pay income tax on their earnings. If they live on reserve and shop off reserve they don't pay gst/hst.
Uh...four.
'pinkos'...now there's a helpful comment from an open mind!
Its not a holiday in PEI! But then who would notice!
A Canadian family feud...
Make hay while the sun shines.
We will never move on from the abortion debate. It will only quiet down once laws restricting its access are put in place in Canada.
Iraq, Afghanistan, Cuba, these are some countries that hold elections and they require I.D. but what am I supposed to gleen from that?
Not quite, the party he led got more votes than any of the others.
how do you know the money wont be used to enrich shareholders first?
Keep burying your head in the sand.
agreed, Martin has always been in the tank for the libs. sad really
Harper is stumping and CBC is covering it ----more appropriate to make Border announcement in parliament......shameful!
Time magazine can just put her face on the Statue of Liberty.
Molly: Are you saying you're a donkey? I thought you were just a Beijing parrot...
I guess it is called candour when you mean the stupid things you choose to say.
Fox news is about pugnacious politics for the masses
@ the man... interesting narrative, got any links to prove your theory?
Argument 1: '42 percent of people speed, so we're banning cars.'Argument 2: 'you can't walk and chew gum at the same time.'Argument 3: 'I've now lost credibility, even though this one makes some sense.'
shiftless If anything having her passport show she was born in the US will make it easier for her to cross.
I agree. Marriage is not compulsory, whether it's homo or hetero. Don't approve? Don't do it.
As an ideologue our PM is impervious to the notion of this kind of change. When you are locked in a room with your own kind you can't hear the majority.
Robert Latimer got 10 years for doing something that resulted in the death of a very sick child. Refusing treatment for this child will have the same result. The difference here is somewhat nebulous.
The Globe is telling everyone that it's just a morsel of political charity. Nothing to be worried about.
Some of the ultra-ultra righties retain considerable personal honour, just like some of the ultra-ultra lefties.
Very true unfortunately. This has been a propaganda war by both sides. .Disasterous outcomes.
Is that you, Nicky?
This woman's picture will run at eye level for days. Whenever you go to the G&M site, there she is.
You are elected to be our next minister of finance.
Canadian's reject Harper... leave Steve, heave Steve...
Why not given them a weekly coupon for a mc dee burger and a leaf's game. Soon they too will be fat slobs.
If Russia has beef with NATO, then why are they annexing parts of Ukraine??? It seems to me that would just shorten the distance between themselves and the borders of NATO countries. 1 step forward, 2 steps backward for Russia.
Who benefits is there is a change of government?
We just got rid of our BIGOT, now the Americans can have their own. Goodbye Stock Market.
I'm off to move my bowels. Pulling for a solid.
The media is drenched in bias.
Well said Maggie, well said! This column nicely summarizes my own viewpoint.
Talk about hypocrisy, where was the outrage when Obama said Keystone was only going to produce 33 full time jobs, or when Obama said he saved a million jobs with his auto bailout, or when Obama said he made the USA self sufficient in oil, or ....
Right. What weird decision-making. They want to get rid of Harper so hmm, should we re-elect him or defeat him soundly? Wonder which would be most effective?
You were just as much as females who couldn't become firefighters because of the physical requirements.
The Gueveras of CBC Radio are running the 'old stock' comment as the lead item on t Advocacy At Six, , after running the refugee thing as the lead item for a week. Are they trying to give Harper another majority????
They're not Harry, that's exactly the point. If it's of value to one party, it has to be to the other.
There is never a court decision that declares a defendant innocent. It is not guilty as charged or guilty.
Bear spray can be purchased at many sporting goods stores and is a very effective deterrent.
The Conservatives tripled their seat count in Quebec in the last election. The highest number Harper ever delivered. A Conservative voice has returned to the Province.
Ah, so it is only symbolic then ? ... how about the whole religion and all (man-made) religions are symbolic (i.e. created by man to suit his spiritual needs).
Islam has other phobias - like non-believer-ophobia.
I use a computer all day at work - the last thing I want to do is read a book on a screen. Ebooks are useful for travelling but nothing beats the feel of a real book in your hand.
Great Job Ms Renzetti ! Hilarious and accurate.
they don't put their lives on the line, what a joke. Cops are more protected than any of us.'lives on the line' is propaganda. Our lives are on the line, not theirs.
I would like to get address of white school in Toronto. To see how it's look like.
There is a big difference between Wynne taxing the province to pay for Toronto, and Toronto taxing itself to pay for its own infrastructure. That is exactly the sort of thing taxes should be used for.
Why are you celebrating white genocide? I've heard of virtue signaling, but I think you picked the wrong virtue lol
Sorry, I forgot about the Royal Bank using TFWs to do IT work!
Hillary Clinton in all essentials is also a Republican!
that's where you're wrong kiddo
Yes and what does the Ontario Literacy and Numeracy Elite cost taxpayers. My girlfriend says these heroes fly into anywhere with a laptop and a power point presentation and fly off! There,they fixed it!
Hudak abandoned the Fords last week I think.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VwcKwGS7OSQ
How refreshingly void of content.
. . . whereas people in Russia, China and North Korea REALLY know what's going on . . .
I think we have an intolerance problem here.
Not to mention that trump victory would likely also bring in a majority told republicans to congress. Many of them would be sufficiently like minded to go along with Trump.
Oh the G&M is already starting to go easy on the Conservatives. With the election getting closer and closer, the G&M has to start preparing the ground for its eventual endorsement of that party.
The media, the Liberal party, and the Canadian public 'suddenly discovered compassion', in Trudeau's words, after seeing the boy's picture. Of course there is no limit until their sin is redeemed.
More women so Trudeau, keep your hands and elbows to yourself
The character assassinations being spewed against the author are way over the top: Heinbecker hates Jews, Heinbecker supports terrorism, Heinbecker = hate crime... That kind of commentary is deplorable, and I hope the Globe removes it all.
I'm an atheist and an anti-monarchist immigrant Canadian. I guess you think I shouldn't be here.
Western Patriot, the only people who are worried about someone coming from abroad to take "their" job are the insecure ones who don't think they can win employment in a fair competition of merit anyway.
and Liberals bribing the 'middle class' with the 1%'rs money is virtuous? Hypocrisy thy name is Liberal
It might seem bad, but the seeds that have been planted because of this mess will bloom soon enough.
Sitting on a sofa on a Sunday afternoon. Going to the candidates' debate. Laugh about it, shout about itWhen you've got to chooseEvery way you look at this you lose. Simon and Garfunkel - Mrs. Robinson
Its political not religious.
The hot air that comes from Wynne could heat all of Owetario during the winter. I hear she's also a big fan of rechargeable batteries.
Thank you armchair warrior.
But it was okay to put drug dealers under house arrest so they could wander into the Eaton Centre and shoot it up, right? Wouldn't want a violent criminal with an illegal handgun in prison would we Liberals?
I agree that Trudeau showed more class. However, let's give both men their due. They participated in an event to raise funds for a charity. The subsequent issues with Brazeau are a separate matter.
About the only thing funnier than this article that I have read on the Globe about this election was the Globe's endorsement of the Conservatives while throwing Harper under the bus!
The rot from within could bring down the house. It takes more than military might and printing paper money at will to assure survival.
My husband and I were just saying the same thing about Saunders. But his rant is so typical of the kind of thinking the G&M is trying to promote.
Oh, I see. One player's opinion establishes a culture within this sport.
They want to use Canada as a fund raising base. Now they are setting up 'charities' and sending millions of dollars overseas, much of it for terror.
Yeah, right on, who needs Shakespeare, Miller, Shaw, Chekov, Ibsen. What could playwrights possibly tell us about prejudice, hate, empathy, envy etc. A drama teacher at U of W, eh? Very suspicious.
Maybe so, but I like your dream.
Pity that religious fascist lunatics feel ONLY THEY have the right to pass judgement on this matter !![ 'Disabled ' ?? ]
Notley just made the biggest political blunder in a generation. If she doesn't reverse this decision her party must remove her. Freedom of the press is the very cornerstone of democracy, those who would subvert it are not fit to govern.
apparently it is working. you got a little snow this week
I believe they are paid by the construction company, but I take your point.
I beg to differ. Her campaign is about equalizing women with men. She has the intellectual means to do it. Do not fear a Conservative woman.
you sound like a quitter. Get out there and splash your own cash and do something to take canada back instead of complaining.
'With those Liberals, it took time and a major scandal before Canadians made them pay a big price.'And the big price for us all is the Harper years.
We already have the CBC and Canadian Press. Why would we want MSNBC?
I don't care if he has 6 nannies, or a full time acupuncturist on staff. But he should pay for it himself, especially after his campaigning against child benefits for 'wealthy' people.
NO one in this conversation wants kids smoking pot. Grow up Harperite - if you can.
If the shoe fits...
4all, the Canadian government, unlike the Palestinian leadership, has trivial (if any) influence in this matter.
Only to those lacking the intelligence to understand the technology.
Don't blame her. She's just following orders.
I'm just annoyed with myself for bothering to read the trite conservative banter of Wente when I have easy access to the brilliant minds of Joseph Boyden and Margaret Atwood.
Konrad: never met a fascist he didn't admire.
He supports people who have. He's against gay marriage, and for the right for companies and individuals to discriminate against gays.
I suspect that the downplaying of the English language and the bragging of translations available in 160 languages have created some resentment.
Correct. Habeas Corpus does not apply in this case.
New Yorker's identify with whoever yells the loudest.
Increasing the employers contribution rate increases the taxpayers cost of paying teachers.
I sure hope notas we are bankrupt already thanks to the libs
@Not the Alliance: I thought that backflow ("waste") water from fracking could be recycled. Perhaps I'm wrong about that.
The only 'evidence' that Trayvon sucker punched Zimmerman, or 'picked a fight' is Zimmerman's own testimony. Do not present it as fact.
What a meaningless article, all I read was blah, blah and more blah....then I stopped reading..
Expecting our Little Toady Governor General to act appropriately without Harpers goading would be expecting too much.
Netflix is great for no commercials, but a PVR works great too.. at our house we never watch anything live always record then fast forward through commercials.
Hiding in the closet during a national crisis is definietly the paradigm.
If PR results in more mp^s at the trough sucking up perks and pensions, I for one am totally against it. Maybe I am naive, but all I see is a never ending rounds of votes of no confidence.
Chow as mayor... hold on to your wallet, be like having McGuinty as mayor.
And there lies the problem, people don't watch where they walk. Enjoy the status quo because until they do nothing will change. It will just look prettier if dear old Justin has anything to do with it.
Actually cleaning up pollution is good for the economy... you Conservatives call it ...Paying for Pollution... right out of the Freidman Handbook... yes right wing....check it out...
No comment
The democrats own this one.
In a word Kristen the man is a psychopath.
Yep, Wayno's insano.
It has never been in fashion, except in the small minds of a very vocal minority.
....But it is about how skilfully one may attempt to deny the Armenian Genocide.
Sorry page 45.
Well, the difference is that black people aren't putting out propaganda to children tying to convince them that they might be black as well. Apples and oranges.
I guess the protesters would prefer statues of Stalin and other Soviet leaders, and Hitler - after all, most of there victims were caucasian.
Would Khadr's treatment by Harper & the Conservatives been any different had Omar been Jewish?????? I think 'Yes' !!
Hidden agenda, hide in a closet. Prophetic.
The Political Elite should face Treason Charges
Wow, what a surprise. Yet another first-time poster who supports Putin with the same tired analogy, and is immediately thumbed up to the top place. ????? ?????!
he is an heir, period.
Oh boo-hoo. Another neocon who just can't stand it when people say things that he doesn't approve of. As far as I can tell, it's 'patriots' like yourself who're the ones spouting the 'party line'.
anyone want to build a firewall around Alberta?
Trump enables the dark fantasies authoritarians harbour. They would force a long march on NYT journalists if they could. To start.
...but would they be voted in again? Aren't citizens more concerned with the state of their roads, bridges, health system and economy?
Wow, I have to admit being stunned this is coming from a traditional conservative like Michael Bliss.
Yet when Simpson and Lawerence do the same you drool allover it and claim it is 100% factual. Why the hypocrisy?
You don't have to pay to read the G&M.
that Guantanamo prison is btw, still open and doing fine
When everyone is a rapist, no one is a rapist.
So let me see... you promise that you 'will not be expressing any future opinions on this upcoming US election...' and when you get applause for it, you break the promise and borrow someone else's curse words. Again, not a shocker.
I don't think we have to look back that far, TMP, but the grandkids are going to appreciate the meaning of good planning as they are required to re-discover the paleolithic with its concern for communitarian ideals. More natural foods as well. :)
Wow, Puma - nice to be on the same side for a change.
And so, the phrase "she's a natural" is really a put-down? How interesting.
Willing to post these exact words in a discussion about teachers or nurses? Just wondering.
Looking forward to your article on why Toronto real setae prices are so high. And why the smart people in that town allowed it to happen. Seems odd that they are also high when no rich Chinese people want to live there
Martin perpetuates the false myth that the 'old Tory' tradition in Canada is a 'red Tory' tradition. Balderdash.
I do not think the US economy can survive another 4 trillion dollar expense?
We've enabled these animals to live far beyond their natural life expectancies. One consequence of that is that we are now responsible for determining what nature once did.
@ Whiggins: hint - it was broken for him by the oppo - he was in a minority at the time. btw: you're not too clear about 'the guy' in para. 3-the way you've written it, it means the 'sandbagger' is the cad.
They shouldn't forget to mention that because they are female in North America, they will have to be twice as good to get the same job. The unwritten rule, which of course we pretend does not exist.
That's if you believe the author. After all, what possible motivation could he have to dissemble?
Pope Francis has jumped the shark... http://mankabros.com/blogs/god/2013/12/11/has-pope-francis-jumped-the-shark/
I guess your rating speaks for itself!
Take your lies somewhere the dupes believe them - like Faux News viewers. G&M readers see right through you.
MCGUINTY should go to JAIL. He may be stupid but he is also untrustworthy. Follow the money?
So the way to fight racism is to lie? But fact is that she "identifies" as black when it's convenient and to her benefit. http://www.latimes.com/nation/nationnow/la-na-rachel-dolezal-howard-university-20150617-story.html
https://www.thebeaverton.com/national/item/2852-shirtless-stephen-harper-photobombs-calgary-couple-s-wedding-5-dead
Yes, they will be much happier being Putin's slaves.
Well, choosing to avoid perhaps weeks or months of intense pain could, I suppose, be considered cowardly. Well, then, call me a coward! I think I'd take those pills!
The supreme court is out of touch with the common Canadian. It needs to be reformed with more limited power. It NEVER should be able to override democracy.
That's an interesting bit of revisionist history that has one of the lesser lights in a lather.
This still doesn't explain why males have an over-inflated sense of confidence while women don't. Oh, and men are never hard on other men? Rii-iight. Time for some actual self-reflection about the whole issue, dear.
How do you arrive at this 3.1% number? What is the math behind this?
And if we had voted for Iggy in 2011... No surpluses till 2018. Layton had it pegged for 2017... 3 years shy of what the CPC said they'd get it done in.
A very spot on column. Thanks Maggie.
The absurdity of the belief that a 'charter' can compel me to kill someone speaks for itself.
"therefore I'll leave" is not the same as "therefore you must leave"
The RCC has a long history of encouraging wars of religion. Why so squeamish about helping the dying ease out of this world gracefully ?
and the never ending Bob Rae diatribes that has killed countless acres of innocent trees!
It's just the staff writers and their multiple sockpuppet accounts that insult and harass you all the time.
BJBeat. All Right BJB. Good luck with your business. Remember
Of the 213 comments posted here, 210 criticize the bill and 3 support it. Please Mr. Polievre, tell us again what Canadians think of your fair elections act. PS if Nigel Wright were to show up to vote, would you vouch for him as being honourable?
Rich, So, are you a business owner who loves employing those hard-working wage slaves... er...um... immigrants... rather than 'spoiled, lazy, troublesome' Canadians who actually demand a living wage, decent working conditions, and overtime pay?
And all the westerners that broke the law by not registering their guns...?
This could be the start of a new political soap opera: Eve and Justin tackle Ottawa...
hve you read JT's resume... just his pedigree? if JT received the same level of scrutiny as Trump, he would not be in politics today
Obama is lazy
lord only knows why tribe is doing this but I bet what he says in private is something quite completely different. And maybe tribe doesn't realize the extent to which people like scalia have lowered the discourse of civilization in the us.
How did Israel become a state, but for the terrorism of Irgun, Lehi led by Begin and Shamir, and other Israeli 'heroes' like Jacobinski?
As an atheist, I say amen to that.
That sounds nice, but just wait until he finds out he can
YOu just brought it up and here it is. Does it meet the definition of genocide the UN is using? SHould all war be considered genocidal? Did the allies commit genocide on the Germans in WW1 and II?
I am confident that there will be many more reasons to vote Liberal by 2015. I see Justin Trudeau as a person who will attract a strong and talented team and will listen to and work with others, unlike Harper, when he becomes PM.
The problem is not with the idea of 'discovery learning', but rather with the execution. It's more complex, and therefore demands more rigour to succeed, but that same complexity makes easier to evade the hard work of rigour.
Would the professor be comfortable walking outside after dark once we bring million of them here, like Europe did?
Well, if we needed to find out facts then maybe we could put some questions on the census; oh, I forgot, this government doesn't like to let real facts get in the way of their anecdotal based beliefs.
It takes an army because Harpo's puts a negative spin to everything anyone says or does. Remember, he convinced his supporters that a coalition government is like treason.
I didn't get that he holds a primary residence in Canada. If so, he would have said so. And in your example above, I agree they should be eligible to vote.. I don't believe Southerland falls into that category
Precisely. You make no sense.
And Trump is truthful and trustworthy?
Its also about the baiting. This is a sick practice and takes any 'sport' out of hunting (which proponents like to say is a sport).
Distinct society. You're a bunch of racists!
If you haven't got smarts enough to talk about the message, go after the messenger.
By Trump standards, Kaine did not interrupt at all.
Merry Christmas, Peggy.
But, but, he's said he'll consult with the best, the smartest people when he's President. But, but, to run his campaign he has chosen some of the most incredibly vile individuals I've ever seen on TV.
So you're saying there are a lot of people disappointed with Justin. I agree, he's been pathetic.
but our dear leader said it was no brainer?
AlcesteThe suspect goes free. The judge has the allegation investigated. The officer is not charged. Insults are a sign of desperation, lack of an argument. The Charter was passed without public participation.
Your writing style (as it is) leaves much to be desired.
I have it on good authority (dozens of teachers in no less than 5 boards throughout the Province) that more PD time is spent on potlucks and raffles than anything resemlbing work. Then there's the wine...
Good one Mel... you are always good for a chuckle!...thanks!
dave - I don't recall him saying he doesn't 'currently' use crack. I believe the quote is 'I don't use crack'While I believe that he did smoke crack in the video and that it was his intention to mislead, I don't believe it is fair to misquote him.
The true believers can never see the folly of their beliefs.
Myself, I suspect the female dental students themselves didn't have much to do with the media reaction.
Oh really? Throwing acid in girl student's faces and blowing up girls' schools seems pretty hateful to me.
The facts support it.
Canada has a similar combination of public/private.
'What can be done to reduce future attacks?' Sounds like the G&M is searching for the root cause.
The scriptures of Christians, Jews and Muslims have many gods. The Old and New Testaments alone have at least six. It depends on the one they choose to follow. Martin Luther King and Jerry Falwell were not disciples of the same one.
Because it's a dictatorship, that's why
Are you aware that the catholic church, in itself, practices divisive gender issues and doesn't treat women as equals? You might think about that before getting all upset for the wrong reasons.
This is just more Trudeau-lite fluff. Haven't we had enough in this short period of time? Also, at the risk of being monitored off the forum, do two black guys fighting want a white guy assigned to keep the peace?
Typical liberal hypocrisy.
Yes, I bet you'd call them mudbloods like Lucius Malfoy.
It's the Chinese influence.
Love it...Some posters here talking about, and hoping for the collapse of the USA. Because of course Canada is so removed and isolated from that country...... it will have no effect on your life....
since when, may I ask are we taking lessons on elections and the role of Elections Canada from an unelected Senator??
Among Twizzles echo chamber mates, Trudeau is very unpopular indeed.
I think you should demand payment for all of your posts. No pay, no post.
The upside is we get to see Harper throwing a temper tantrum when Obama officially tells him to 'stuff it'
nice post, but on taxes you have forgotten to include consumption tax, it might or might not change the conclusions. For example, Canada will be lie 21.5%+13% = 33.5%, US, say New York, 12% +8% = 20%...
What are you saying there, Sid? Back when a great deal of the damage was done, there were virtually no Quebecois real estate developers.
What an excellent editorial. How fortunate we are to have a conscientious newspaper that regularly provides thoughtful analysis of important issues.
He's still a thug!
Sure give us some to discuss.
She's right, we'll need to get the old timers who saved all their lives to pay more so the profs can have excellent salaries and gold-plated pensions.
Well said Jeffrey!
Nothing like a good war to take your mind off the troubles at home.
PS...MRIs can only pick up cancer that has spread to other parts of your body when they get larger than one cm sphere.
But when it comes to self-congratulatory 'back-patting', nobody does it better than Canadians.
You raise the main point that most supporters of a single education system completely ignore: the creation of a large single bureaucracy plus the eventual merger of three unions into a single entity. Bigger is not better.
Surely we need to ask Harper ...'How is the Harper Economy working out?'She looks pretty shabby to me. But if people vote on the basis of a crazy guy ....then that is their option.
Trump isn't even in office yet so why don't people just quit making assumptions.
There is no "spokesperson" for jewish Canadians. We are all allowed to speak.
yeah, and I doubt trading Britian for the world's newest fascist state is a good deal in anyones books
The State of Oregon, years ago prioritized every medical procedure known to man and then cut at the bottom of the list. If this was done in Ontario, we could pay for procedures that are considered frivolous.
And how many hundreds of billions of dollars of 'dead money' do they have stashed away while they bellyache about Big Government and the Nanny State and whine about Tax Relief?
No Stephen Lewis on the horizon. JT will have a free ride for a while.
Immigrants in general are much more religious than Old Stock Canadians, and are revitalizing Christian churches as much as Islam and Hinduism. http://www.macleans.ca/society/life/what-canadians-really-believe/
Yes, that sounds like Hitler's manifesto all right.
Need to bring it up to 2% anyway - no matter what party wins. Canada is a large country and other less fortunate domains will always be keen to get a piece of this land. Basic animal competition.
This coming from the citizen of a wanted to be state north of our border?
Gretzky is neither shallow nor a phony.
In Ontario unpaid parking fines result in denial of renewing stickers for vehicles. Drivers licences are not affected. Please get your facts right.
Do they hand out science degrees at the supermarkets out there?
Don't waste you final years on folly, Van.
Thank you for your honesty... Deeply appreciated./..
I would observe that the Globe and Mail endorsed the Harper Conservatives in the 2011 election. That's why I sigh whenever I read a G&M editorial that's critical about some aspect of the Harper regime.
How did that work for you when the Harper government had to try to use kajiji to0 fill in the missing information from the census.
Sorry i don't have to agree to stupid. That's what we have now.
Not A Moment Becomes Lazily Adorant
Duhhhh... wouldn't it have been nice for us to have a real leader on the stage with the rest of the world leaders??
This is one of the few venues I've seen that does not support Sophie's need for a tax-payer funded additional assistant like McLeans, CBC, CTV, National Post. They're certainly not pandering to Canadians, they're pandering to Sophie & the PM.
Greece has still not solved it's problem. France is a mess. The USA has added Trillions to their debt under Obama. Just more fake news from this fake newspaper.-------and the FAKE Doug Saunders spinning a leftist web
Chestnut or not, this is the guy who blinked when facing Hitler and gave him the impetusto move his unfettered forces in conquest of Europe. The parallel is clearly obvious.
What has this got to do with the subject of this thread -- "Let?s make sure Ontario?s sex-ed curriculum is here to stay."?
Actually it's not Ms. Smith's choice. She's the opposition leader.
This is so ridiculous I can only assume you are being sarcastic.
I'd just amend that to 'a much steeper price.' We're already in overreach.
What do you find wrong with all the services provided by the private sector and all the services by the public sector?
You can't 'destroy' a digital video. Anyone who thinks there is only one copy of it is naive. In the digital age you can never forget.
Well, you did spell Tabatha right.
That's a Joke...! Ha !
Mark Shore 'Are the Conservatives playing politics with terror?' Does the question even need to be asked?----------it needs to be asked as an exercise for leftists to learn how to THINK
Syrian immigrants with 6 children, 8 children ....etc Justin's child tax benefit will give $500 a month a child.. then schools then housing then medical poor Middle class taxpayer the same middle class Justin claims to love
why wouldn't people be against immigration
Does Mike Duffy truly represent PEI?
And your sly comedy beats them all, Mel
So link to the comment then and let people parse it out for themselves. Alceste said, "blood bath" I wonder what she really means?
justin will never be PM
its a good time to own a mortgage. its a bad time to be in the market for a house.
Yes, commenting FREELY is a terrible crime. Horrible, absolutely horrible. How dare the GM do this? Right to Commenting Freely= BADBeing Sent to Russian GULAG= GOODTypical Russian LOGIC...
You have not addressed a word the author said with your vile riposte.
Actually, he gave them 11%.
Thank you for your very thoughtful and helpful response. I wish you good health and continued support from those who love you. May you find the balance you seek.
Well said. Or how about the university attending women with far more support and funding available than male students?
Are you picking a fight with yourself, Sy? I don't see anybody making the statements that you seem to want to correct. Have you tried anger management?
$250.00 ? Wow, near beer and pretzels for everyone.
Be careful how you use (and misuse) statistics, Ms. Wente. When you say that the bottom fifth of the population's share of total wealth went from 5% to 4%, that's a 20% reduction ? not the insignificant amount that you attempt to portray.
.. along with the emails?
To you perhaps.
Sam, how dare you confuse the issue with facts?
Couldn't agree with you more Tilt.
Stoner is a chip off the old Trump one can see and Exhibit A of why Trump will lose.
Your points are well considered. Number #3 is the most significant and it's interesting that most comments seem oblivious to this fact.
I'll take capitalism each & every time; it is the political wing of unions ndp that should be abandoned at any cost; it is the best way for Canada to survive & Canadians to thrive.
You know something about Rob the rest of us don't?
The NDP's approach seems infantile to say the least. Negotiating with Horwath resembles a child asking for more when the parent agrees to their first demand. Horwath needs to come forward with all her demands and not string along the government.
The same could be said of the everyday teacher who has to teach grade 7 GIRLS 'sex ed'?
You have the right to vote in a Canadian election if you are a Canadian citizen. Are you?
this is an utter fabrication.
You actually think we're spending a lot of time and money on this? And how are people who still suffer discrimination and harassment supposed to just get on with their lives?
i suspect anyone, with whom you disagree, is 'corrupt'
well said... the Sun ran an article today with all the evidence of what you speak... too many innocent deaths from the guns of Toronto officers... poorly trained and lacking integrity...
What about Obama propaganda... or doesnt that count?
'The burkini is not a political project'That's what you want people in Canada to believe. Europeans have finally woken up and know it is a political project. Segregated swimming pools for muslim women only are also part of the agenda.
Please explain, then, why Harper has four times Trudeau's net worth?
So the daughter should be judged by the sins of the father? Hmmm.How far do you want to carry that principle? England, in years gone by, plundered the world, therefore, any thought from an English brain has No credibility.
My son has a pair of tickets for the Leaf's opening game this Saturday. The price of EACH ticket is $445.00!! Decades ago, I paid $2.00 for standing room at the Gardens.
the american dream is alive and well for the oligarch elites who control america in the shadows. for the rest, keep up the misery.
Collectivism sounds attractive until people start coming to the understanding that everyone doesn't always contribute their fair share to the community.
In politics the adage never 'embarass the electorate ' (Italy notwithstanding) is so true. Not just embarassing themselves but now the institution.
Strange concept: that one should teach what one truly understands and is comfortable with. If only those mathematically-challenged humanities grads that pass through oiur treacher's colleges had the same option. Pity them. Pity their pupils.
Brought to you by a newspaper that only sells advertising space to wealthy corporations, while also never writing an editorial that would ever harm the interests of any top 40 capitalized companies on the TSX.
THey are going to be charged with murder from the most recent reports... these men are hardly innocent.... let them rot in jail.
"Prove me a negative" says rb, knowing full well that such a thing is impossible.
Great, maybe the Twin Towers will be back on the front page?!
'Personally, I think it's unseemly for former journalists (especially political ones) to sit in the Senate. How can you spend a lifetime criticizing patronage appointments, then take one yourself?'Agreed.No more journalist GG's, OK?
Sarah must be a blast at a party.
Like Donald Trump, anyone who uses the term "lefty" and expects to be taken seriously lives in another dimension.
Forget the Liberal's scandal from ??? years ago...... This is worse and haqs no end in sight
whoa! jimmie! is pot THAT legal?
Hugh, because for the most part Arab nations principles are backward and belong in the 8th century.
Jeff is not a fan of big gov. I've been reading him for 30 years. He's not.
Yeah obviously we should 'cash' our breath, we can all be wealthy and leave the poor immigrants out who work hard...
Yakabuski.....what did you think of Harper's article in an American publication all those years ago rejecting Chretien's refusal to participate in the Iraq massacre? Was he right or wrong?
I make this same point over and over again in posts and to friends. I am often ridiculed and told it could not happen here. That's exactly what a lot of decent Germans in the thirties thought too and they were fooled.
You're conflating 2 different thingsAnti-immigration policies have nothing to do with economics and everything to do with security & fearGetting rid of immigration won't bring back manufacturing - that's a whole different set of policies
So Whineritis with your statement of "no male of armpit hair producing age should be showing it in public" is your way of agreeing that the dress code is legitimate. You can't have double standards.
There is certainly a great deal of double dipping going on .
This is nothing other than a Russian invasion of Ukraine.
The details around the 'friendly fire' death would be disruptive to Harper's reelection chances, which are clearly more important to 'hard working taxpayers'. Mere collateral damage to Harper's ambitions.
FS - there was a spelling mistake. Think its 'perspicacIous'. As for the content...
just a bit of thinly veiled anti-french bigotry
@Cynical in TorontoCynical shouting diatribe do not contribute to any meaningful substantive argument. First learn the basic public decorum of not using all CAP LETTERS for your verbal yelling in G&M user comment forum.
I am agog Yalpe, please tell me.
Neocon puppets in Canada use any argument, even the stupidest, to advance their rearmament agenda. The amplified 'Russian threat' is just a pretext for boosting NATO military budgets and dragging Russia in an expensive standoff...
Corbyn's ex-lover, Diane Abboppotamus, is in the shadow cabinet.
He is a mannequin. Embarrassing.
This is innocent. Good god. Get a life. It's locker room talk. What is the guy supposed to do. Forget he is in the locker room. I know he wasn't. But if people are making a thing out of this then they have too much time on their hands.
'No one would dare say that the Prime Minister endorses unethical activities...'I'll say it...loudly!
Right back at you, actually.
The wall between the Germanys was to keep the East Germans from fleeing to the West. The wall in the Middle East is to keep Israelis from being murdered by Palestinians.
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahaha etc.
BC LIBERALS - you don't do your argument any justice by engaging in silly name-calling.
So he can offshore their jobs?
In Alberta 'big energy' is the 'puppet master' that's really in charge!
No comments on provincial Tories leadership, John Tory? Tim Whodak?
Good feck off!
Given on what is shown on the video, a group of neighbours living in the area could have handled it far better than the police did.
How much is chicken heart Harper giving? How much is his best buddy, Novak giving? How much are you giving? My guess is that you are giving the same as Harper - that is, nothing but words.
Were you quivering in your perma-virgin rage as you typed that out?
Thanks Norm - that was an interesting link.
Wrong about many things, I suspect.
Doug Saunders - SHENZHEN, CHINA ? The Globe and MailDoug has left the safety of the GTA. Have the shakes started yet?
California would be better off in every way with a smaller population. Ending immigration would be a great start.
they have a list of smears that they use whatever the subject.. the mouthpiece was probably thinking of his next propaganda piece.
Clever. If it wasn't so similar to what passes for Conservative fiscal policy it would be merely whimsical.
I recall Iggy's eloquent dialogue about how the Liberals are like Puffins who clean up after themselves by burying their skat. Harper's pooping puffin hate ad will go down in history along with the Liberals soldiers in the streets classic.
Hurried along by the hubris of the deniers.
There is a lot of wisdom in this column, but I'm not convinced by the assertion that women don't pad their expense accounts. There is plenty of evidence to the contrary in Canadian politics and in my experience.
OK but a good portion of what goes into inflated government employee pension plans is from us otherwise known as non government employee TAXPAYERS. And when have government employees worked? I seldom see much evidence
So you don't like his movies and that's evidence that he committed a crime?
The line between propaganda and education is indeed fuzzy when governments fund programs. This was also the case with the American Peace Corps over mant years.
Don't count Harper out yet. It is time for a big change in Ontario.
The reason that Mulroney caused the cons party to tank to 2 seats was because there was a serious conservative option to vote for. Well that doesn't exist today, so who do you see Conservative minded people voting for instead?
If you can find one country in the world that elects its Supreme Court, name it.
You got it backwards, 99. Harper is not the lesser of evils, he's the evil of lessers!
you are correct, it happens all the time
Did I read the same article? This was just a recap analysis. There was no agenda proposed. If you feel everyone around you is conspiring to get away with something, perhaps you are hanging around the wrong people.
Your liberal leanings are showing themselves Jeffrey. Your job is to be neutral. Shame!
Northern Foundation...
You don't consider yourself an elite do you? hahahahahahahahahahahahahah
Oakville: Your response sounds like the standard partisan BS you are famous for.
Religion. It's the same in the Fraser Valley near Vancouver, commonly known as 'the Bible Belt'. The most recent outbreak here happened in a Christian school with a near zero immunization rate.
- yea, that's how Hitler kept the German middle classes quiet while he was preparing for his real work. same same today. when the new feudalism unmasks, life will be somewhat less rosy for everyone outside the Reichstag, I fear.
So true, I can't stop crying about it . . . how about you?
And... so what. To what consequence in today's worldI feel no guilt it wasn't me Get on with it.
Our government has gone rogue. Why is it the pmo all look like they are straight out of a Mafia movie?
With the full support of one Stephen Harper by the way. Besides which, this guy has been in power for eight years. Maybe its time to give blaming the previous government a rest.
Yes, when in this country did protecting speculators become more important the people owning their home? That is simply crazy.
So now the 'asprin kills too...' has become the last resort of scoundr--sorry, I mean quacks.
The issue isn't that the country needs money to run. The issue is correcting inequity in the way it is collected - how much and from whom.
The polls say otherwise.
True but, did junior really have a choice? I'd like to see junior get back from photo-ops & start running the country.
Really?????He is more successful and accomplished more in his tenure then you will ever do with your life. I guess writing comments from behind a computer screen is an accomplished career for you. If anyone is a moron it's you. Look at your life!!!!!
Okay, I made this point, you agreed with me, and then you stole it.Please don't agree with me. You are behaving in a bigoted manner towards French-Canadians, and I don't support that.
R_W, yes they do pay for those things but they are starting from a much higher base than the average citizen.
Electing someone because of their last name... imagine that, who would do such a silly thing?
C--rap.Taxation is the art of discrimination in society.
Something a little less oppressing to women prone to trigger reactions. Perhaps 'request' or 'suggestion'
This just confirms (yet again) that Harper's policies are incredibly behind-the-times. Thanks for continuing to expose these facts!
Actually it is 900 million which is fantastic what is there to gripe about other than the globe is the liberal union mouth tool I am gay and an urbanite and will vote for ford
She works for Al Jazeera. What more do you need to know?
Majority doesn't ALWAYS rule. We have minority rights in the country, too, remember.
Yes. And, yes.
The school day starts and ends at the time(s) it does for one reason and one reason only... to accomodate teachers. That has nothing to do with what we know about teenagers brains. It also has nothing to do with reality outside of school.
When you join the Liberal party, do they surgically remove the part of your brain responsible for answering questions posed directly to you?
Tom, well put.
Chris doesn't disapprove of Wynne and the Ontario Liberals corruption and scandals but had it been Conservative corruption and scandal Chris would be posting hate rants. Hypocrisy is part the the Liberal way.
CARTHAGO DELENDA EST!
Why do you assume charities for non-humans are any better?
Actually, I believe it is a case of mental illness.
Canadians will come to their senses and dump the chump in ottawa
Hope you have signed up for another race I will be 63 and it feels great as you know when you finally get to that bloody finish, feel good for days.
Even worse coming from a philosophy prof.
Fortunately, much of the damage noted by Peter Jones could be quickly reversed with a simple change of government.
But Steve is writing a 'hockey history' book. Doesn't that count? :-)
As the new format renders it virtually impossible to debate ideas, it appears that the G&M doesn't believe that is the site's legitimate role. We're just supposed to read the news that's published and believe it, I guess. Mao would be proud.
Her claim that it benefits 48% is a lie....please explain David...
If you aren't Conrad Black, you're doing a good imitation. You've got the pretentious scumbaggery to a T.
Nice comeback.
Like Mr. Harper, you failed to address any of the issues of concern.
Moscow Central's propaganda talking points regurgitated parrot like yet again by its useful fool.
Wow....I guess people don't actually regularly read the articles on the G&M, judging by all of thumbs down that I see as I post this. Try searching older articles (some only a few months ago) and see for yourself.
so how did it turn out? what's your point?
and if he sent a battle group and a few squadrons you boners would all be screaming warmonger... bunch of phonies
Spoken like a true socialist who believes government can 'create jobs'. Business in general IS for the public good. A strong economy provides all kinds of benefits to the citizens.
So you?re saying that women and diversity are not getting elected because they are lazy? Really?
I read lots of books but unlike you I don't read, or promote the reading of, Neonazi books.
I think you need to face facts.
You're being too logical. The Cons and their many shills will shout you down.
So the mainstream media can run a lengthy extensive and intense smear campaign ahead of any referendum like they did in Ontario scaring be bejeepers out of everyone? The election will be a kind of referendum on the subject anyways.
Don't worry, he won't try.
Monkey; we let in millions who can't speak English and who have few appropriate skills, anyone can get into Canada. For some strange reason we make it more difficult for those from English speaking countries.
Harper? I know what you mean.
Ok, so how would Prime Minister Harper respond if a married member of his caucus was found to have slept with a member of the Official Opposition?
Twizzle still pines for Barry Goldwater. Joe McCarthy is his idea of a 'moderate'.
yea... just do what the FEds did for the Vets... close all offices and put in a...1-800 number... that would solve all the issues...
My goodness... I think perhaps that you have somewhat overstated your case.
"Homefront support" is purely a social construct with no basis in reality for the vast majority of men. What's obvious and measureable is where the real support is - meeting the needs & wants of women.
But the bottom 10% does pay a cost in terms of life expectancy, exposure to violence, poor health, and ultimate unhappiness.
This is telling something. They single out Muslim women who aren't really responsible for anything, can't even control their own affairs. Seems they're pretty afraid of Muslim men.
There may be lots of Russian and Middle East money riding on Trump but since he won't release his tax returns, it is hard to know for sure.
Don Miguel, The Mafia handbook dealt with it long before Bush/Rove.
Too much work to do here... and going to Parliament....boring....
Ya....and having a condo in Whistler has its drawbacks because of the Sea to Sky road toll......oh wait my bad!
Still there Ambrose?
Kids from dual working families grow up just as healthy and well adjusted.
Until recently most immigrants to Canada came from a European Judeo Christian culture, not the ME ....
But not HRC..? Right?
And if we ban cars from Old Montreal, what about the thousands of people who live there?
I'm part of the 80% but I wouldn't dare vote based on this since there are tons of other issues where I'm totally against Harper It would be very short-sighted to vote based on this issue. I find it hard to believe any adult would do so.
Kenney's confidence comes from being an opportunist. He is a professional politician, trying to move up the political food change. Harper's clones are now turning on their leader. Such is politics.
Yes, he will win... second place.......but besides the fact that winning silver is kinda like French kissing your sister it is still better than bronze.
You are in a dreamland. Who said Obama is the worst US President? Go check him out again and read the neutral literature not the one bombarded by the Republicans.
Every time I have bought a computer from Walmart it has broken within a week - the company does not produce any quality products
yes my trust in the media has fallen precipitously recently
Good point, S_s. There are models out there, including in our own Quebec. Why do we feel the need to reinvent the proverbial wheel? Let's just get it done.
I agree that this is a ridiculous article, but I think we have plenty of laws that are designed primarily to protect people from themselves. Drug possession laws and the requirement to wear seatbelts are the most obvious.
You will be wrong. G & M will continue to ignore what it says in its masthead from Junius and will back Harper ( with appropriate crocodile tears).
Couldn't agree more. My sympathies to Mr. Mason for having to write a puff piece.
Token opposition. The rest of the Globe reads like a CPC campaign brochure.
I suspect our ranking will increase next year, with the Justin Effect ...
You mean parents, transit users, employees, pensioners, volunteer firefighters, home-owners, students and, most of all, consumers? That's who his tax breaks have benefited.
I think this is hilarious! Only on the G&M boards can you write the absolute truth and get thumbed down every time!! Sorry, Rick. The Liberal party cannot handle the truth!!
Comey is the same guy who fought against releasing information about Russian interference with the elections to the public because... it was too close to the elections.
Yes good point again....It's very complicated. the Equity issue has always been the main problem. Is it per capita oil production emissions or NET GHG emissions per capita which includes carbon sinks from land mass natural activities.
Psst- They are!
The 'first nations' turn to the courts because they know from experience that the Court will expand and increase racist privilege loosely based on indian treaties.
'Affirming the dreams of people who have little is the key to successful populism.'Great line!
One more thing. Christmas to after New Year is the slowest news week of the year. Remember those cultists that said they had cloned a human? That story went global just after Boxing Day a few years ago.
So, that was the only take away you cued in on? Partisan or not, this was not the venue to single out a person to deliver what ever speech you want to give.
Bs, a pipeline would have saved them from " human error " He government is purposely putting road blocks in the way of pipelines while rail continues at an alarming rate. Wake up!!!
The next frontier of the foodie craze isn't just gourmet, artisan mud, it's sustainable, recycled gourmet artisan mud. After your $500 mud pie, they send you home with a strainer and a paper bag and ask you to return the mud for later re-use.
Beat your kids daily and they will become suicidal.
You talking about CON MP David Sweet?
Yes that's right. Only you and Fanfret know the path to truth. Which of course is why we dont need a referendum. Because we have Liberal Party hacks and spinners like you guys to design a new system for us.
The NDP DOSN'T deserve a chance at governing Canada. They didn't get elected, and in fact, lost ground.
For sure - if Canada (which Quebec is currently part off) is divisible, then Quebec is divisible.
How's the tin foil hat fitting today?
The author drew a clear line between Leave voters and racism. With no evidence, no less.
Reads like, yours is a veiled criticism of a particular faith.
'The fact that air pollution contributes to more than 600, 000 premature deaths each year in India is alarming.'Or the thousands more that die from malnutrition, malaria, typhus....................I'd say a posting to India is an unhealthy hardship
That's why they invented vapourizers.
'I wonder if trump supporters realize' Reality is irrelevant to trump supporters, that, would require a functioning intellect.
This is much more a global economy than ever before. Comparisons to past crises are like oranges and bananas.
Do you have any idea of the risks of statins? Blood thinners? And you want them available like candy with little assessment of need or cautions, followups?
Hear, hear!!
Any Liberal MPs who qualify for the chicken position?
bassid: In 1995 the pro-sovereignty side also had a charismatic leader, something it would have to conjure if a referendum were held today.
Chris, don't drink the water in Ottawa. It causes hallucinations.
Truth - I dare you to say "hillary shilling hack" at great speed repeatedly, kind of like a party game thing. Go ahead, I'll wait.
you can't force 'sustainability'. By definition, that which is not sustainable won't be around for very long unless it is subsidized by gov't and many human enterprises subsidized by govt end up not being sustainable.
You're just mad because we are the world superpower and have accomplished more than you, and you have nothing to say for yourself.
Thanks for the chuckle.
The highly rated comments are nearly unanimous in their condemnation of these hypocritical one percenter foreigners and their fuzzy thinking. Good job, Globe readers!
Harperman, Harperman, November fourth, you're in the can. Justin's ready, his hair is nice, And he sure put you on ice.
'It's well known he's lobbying for an offer of a big job...'Which end did you pull that one out of?
Then don't come back here and complain after the next election. If you don't vote you have no right to lecture the rest of us.
No, not indefinitely. 100 years would be about right.
her father was defeated 80-20 by Chirac in the presidentials in 2002
You are a testament to the human spirit and an example of what a good family (compared to the 'system', the well-paid professionals and the politicians) can do. You should be very proud of yourself.
The series is available for rental on DVD at Videoflicks in Toronto. 1701 Avenue Rd. 416-782-1883. myvideoflicks. ca
Thanks for a well researched post. Too bad the G&M has no memory for such things.
Doing well by doing good?
I make it about the 8th step, but yeah.
Thank you, on behalf of my daughters, granddaughters, AND MY GRANDSONS!
Here is the raw sewage running into the water right where the sailors are launching their boats. Unbelievable! https://www.facebook.com/sailingscuttlebutt/videos/10153541212183839/?theater
See above.
Some white people who try to ingratiate themselves with blacks can make both races cringe. Pitiful.
Those are baseless, partisan claims. We survived Harpo, though he has done everything in his power to take down Canada.
You are correct. Many individuals from outside Alberta make a sizeable contribution to the development of the oil sands. I only mentioned Albertans as these kind of columns attract so many anti-Alberta comments.
You remember your own fiction? Wow...
Rather shameful of Dueck, invariably the least thoughtful or intellectually sound contributor to the Globe's multifaith discussions, to co-ept the unexpected death of Flaherty for her own religious agenda.
In that case stop taxing them and make all healthcare private.
D_P.... Tim Horton's is a Canadian public company.
No Kidding.. . . . which 'planet' does this young bedraggled woman write from anyway ..???/..
Little hint, Lukieboy... you lost. Get over it.
Not by repealing a law that is necessary.
Baird needs to call Netanyahu to find out what he should do/say next. What an embarrassment!
Great article by Wente... the lefties here will love this one.
'Bill C-13 has an almost ?Grandpa?s got that tingly feeling in his knee again ? and you know that always means it?s going to rain? standard.'Brilliant.
John Birch - interesting - aren't you forgetting the gas plants fiasco??
Is that why she leads every poll?
I can think of no one better to raise my children than Premier Christy Clark. At least I know they'll grow up with integrity.
Harper loves China
bravo Lance.
Rick, Canada changed the law to allow Canadian banks to share information with the US which was required if those Canadian banks were to comply with FATCA
Agreed! I'm not sure to whom the G&M editors are pandering. It makes us all look bad.
Oh Don - you're all heart.
Trump is unqualified for the office of President because he never taught high school drama and never takes off his shirt for us to admire his lithe body He's wholly unqualified.
WW1 is perhaps the best example of your point !
So Margs talks to a grand total of ONE of her Jewish friends and declares that Harper won't get the majority of the Jewish vote. Lazy-Boy journalism.
Rigorous quality assurance and control. They'll need lots of inspectors. This could be the greatest make work program ever devised.
I mean, obviously... basketball players are taller than average
Thomas, Bush will soon be bringing 3 billion dollars to the gunfight. No bullet can penetrate 3 billion dollars. Rubio would have to bring a rocket launcher to the gun fight and even a rocket launcher is trumped by 3 billion dollars.
You mean that's not Margaret Atwood wearing her CanLit crown gracing our tax dollars?
But more Canadians have shown they prefer Harper to any of the other leaders so what does that say about the NDP and Liberals
I saw your post, and having read it, I am thankful we have Stephen Harper and Bill C-51.
I think I know why columnists such as John Ibbitson so seldom try to write thoughtful articles. There's a distinct shortage of thoughtful readers.
Applies to the G&M generally.
PKP as the PQ movement last chance? It is more like the last 'dead blow'.
'and most Republicans attribute Geo Bush's masterful plan to lower vehicle emissions by destroying the US economy for 4 years or so...and forcing Americans into smaller cars...'huh?? Source??
Calgary, go lay down somewhere out of site, your idiotic opinion is like Harper... bye, bye October 19TH.
Ascalepius: You should take a pill. You're irony deficient.
Margaret Wente, the 98 pound moronWhat does it take to write articles for the G&M? Two 'A's in Grade 6?
That's right.
And Bocce courts!
I know it's not something the Globe would like to talk about but don't you think it's time to realize that this system of allowing any type of comment no matter how disgraceful to be printed is not serving any positive purpose at all.
Important points.
So, by your logic then, the right of the people to assemble and the other rights of the people elsewhere in the bill of rights is reserved for the Militia? Wishful thinking on your part, I'd say.
integrityAnd yet it isn't in Canada's interest to be so one sided in this conflict-----yet if Harper were ONE SIDED in support of terrorist Hamas you would celebrate and not mind at alladmit it
Miller, at least you don't whine like your buddy, Trump. You simply throw him in the trumpeter and move on your the next whacko. So it's Jill Stein is it? "Real Solutions go Working People" - wow! Inspiring!
Your are correct, the uptake is likely to be far faster than the government is forecasting. Ontario exported enough electricity last year to power three quarters of all light vehicles in the province.
Shhh....they don't want ctriticism of the Mohammedans here.
Well, we've found something we can agree on.
Non sequitur. I read it, didn't like it and criticized it.....Anything wrong with that? Its like saying to a restaurant critic ...well you didn't have to eat the food did you?
WVE66, is the gender selection scenario really a "straw man"? Growing numbers of immigrants to Canada are from countries where it's blatant and widespread.
Dear Leader for Life? --- sounds like North Korea East :-(
' Not only are 47 million Americans not able to afford insurance and so left without it, a new study has found that 60% of Bankruptcy cases are caused directly by health care bills. According to Reuters:
Ascal is a perfect Harperite. Mention compassion and humanity and from the depths of their soul they snarl "so what?"
The king of nothing.
Woops i just checked. Jeb Bush got l delegate in Iowa. To God be the Glory.
My didn't Harb make your list? He was the worst offender of the bunch...
He's just greedier than you are.
SS ... we know exactly what Chrusty is too, a Campbell clone devoted to enriching the friends of the government at the expense of everyone else!! Open your eyes ...
He didn't 'lose' his job like you might lose your keys. He acted like a fool, and paid the price for it.
How lowly you think of CanadaYou must be one of those anti-West leftists who lives in the comfort of the westthe Berlin Wall is downyou can freely migrate to the other side
'Nor is it okay for anyone to use the term ?you guys? (sexist).'Never mind the real world where groups of only women will use it in reference to each other.
Yes - Canada is based on the fundamental principle of good government.
''''The journalist has become a trusted handle........'''''Which journalist is that, Mr. Saunders? Not many, and not you.
in-my-view. I have know a lot of very highly educated, narrow minded stupid people. If you vote for Harper, in spite of his horrific record, then you fit right in. You really are an elitist and a poor one at that!
It is not relevant as a province but as the federal government spends money in the provinces and provides provinces with transfer payments it does affect the standard of living in each province.
'You're either with the babysitter fiddlers, or against us.'
Are you suggesting that civil servants' job security is subpar?
I have to say that I have NEVER been in favour of dual citizenship. Seems to be the bailout choice of cowards.
Newspapers have always endorsed candidates. It is traditional and considered to be part of the newspaper's function. It is not as important or effective today as it used to be.
Actually Steve Forth, while the 2000's may have been the warmest decade since the medieval warm period, average global temperatures have dropped since then. Look it up yourself. tinyurl.com/7xby4nu
I judge them by their comments, like everybody else does. And I have the right, like you do.
Trudeau's playing the Hero didn't do anyone any good. He probably ruined two peoples life with just an accusation. If the two women had a complaint, they should have gone to the police and not the opposition leader.
Bonzo was brighter than reagan
I wonder why some folks voted against my simple question to Hugh.
People's actions show one's real character not words - so now we know his real calling was as an actor!
Obviously went straight over your head, but she was using the explain-to-your-kids trope to show how bloody obvious it should be to anyone that leaving the EU doesn't bring any advantages at all to Britain.
R Rowat, did you not read that M Masterson said "so they just do bombs and random stabbing instead" bombs
I suppose it must be a coincidence that this column appears on the same page as Gary Mason's comment about democracy in Alberta.
'The Abrahamic religions (Christianity, Islam, Judaism) developed out of an old dispute between the sons of Abraham'.Now that's a weird interpretation, but I upvoted you anyway.
"You don't trust them to make medical decisions for you and your children? Huh " But you'd trust junk-science promoters like Jenny McCarthy whose only medical qualifications are celebrity playboy model?
Uh, Z, it's the Canadian Crown, not the British, OK?
The Christian 'ethicist' strikes again.
No logic at all!
That every time JT opens his yap he says something stupid.
that's why he's a drama teacher
He's not even good for that.....perhaps calling out Bingo numbers for a living......but certainly not anything remotely pertaining to economics !
There are always ambitious useful idiots ready to promote even the most xenophobic, bigoted agenda which is why the PQ has its faux intellectual champions among the bien pensant.
Search: Facts All US Citizens Need to Know About Israel and Palestine
Very good post. Neo-Nazis are also active in Poland. But better to have them INSIDE the EU, and subject to EU laws, instead of turning towards Russia and its skin-heads.
Precisely - but these are mere STEM factoids without any political value .....
Why are you perpetuating the myth that he is a good strategist?
I detect a government worker!
VH; I am 62. I would like the government to coddle me until someone turns me into ashes, but I realize they are bankrupt and can not afford to.We had better be prepared to care for ourselves because the money just won't be there.
I see that you, like some other Commenters, are up to date with the most recent research on the contributing factors to obesity, and the success rates of diet as a 'cure'.Go read something--you are displaying pitiful--and discriminatory--ignorance.
Didn't the Star endorse Trudeau ?
Hands off my Netflix ... and all of you, canadian artists ... go to your grave!
But it is different than a church choosing not to recognize same sex marriage. This is a university asking outside (secular) sources for accreditation. There is no reason to grant this accreditation to a human rights violator.
Yakabuski is merely another minion of the Koch and Thomson brothers.
You might be the first NDP supporter I've ever run across who also supported the Fraser Institute.
Don't you mean Marois? Idiot.
So, by your argument nobody less famous is allowed to say anything about anybody else more famous. Makes no sense, pal.
Pathetic response.
That statistic is patently false.
Very true and that analysis will never be in the Globe and Mail or any other MSM.
Ludicrous, inane, sweeping generalizations .. .why oh why do I read comments on the Internet?
Can Justin come live on your street, P. Logan, when he gets out? Perhaps you can enlighten him?
-sugar -big mac -aspartame -pesticides from not washing fruits and veggies -artificial flavours and colors -ALCOHOL -nitrites Shall I continue? Or pot, which does virtually nothing to the vast majority who ingest it?
Dude, use more paragraphs when you write.
Can you say Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact? You know, the alliance where Soviet Russia colluded with Nazi Germany to divide Europe amongst themselves, starting with a dual attack on Poland.
More precisely, a spoiled brat.
and I thought wisdom came with age. Apparently I have been wrong/
Of course they will. Every columnist but one is promoting the Liberals.
Page 25 (at least in Ontario)http://www.osstfd12.com/Default.aspx?DN=be203086-19c2-4dae-aabb-83078b3245d2
Justin and Sophia : the king and queen of Canada : bow down and show respect .
As much as I dislike the marketing boards, they're not to blame for inflation.
ask Kamel Ataturk, founder of modern Turkey, whose key reform was banning the veil in public to free women from oppression ... you deal with the oppressors through their symbols
The international clerisy fancies itself.
Can this be happening? Is Lawrence Martin taking Harpers side? Is he renouncing Junior? Is the world spinning out of control? Can the centre hold? What's going on here? Is this the Globe and Mail I'm reading? Nothing makes sense anymore.
Maybe you should read the article. It provides a lot on insight.
Well.. for one, the burkini ban will mean that it's less likely a Muslim will be targeted. If you dress like everyone else..
Actually, you turned into him a fascinating eccentric... Far more interesting than the media version.
A number of voters are not well versed in political ideology and vote in people who they absolute hate months after the election. Watch what happens with Baby Trudeau.
I trust you realize that the mosquito in question thrives mainly in tropical rain forest. Trying to eliminate standing water in territory where, during the rainy season, it rains heavily EVERY DAY, would be an exercise in Sisyphean futility.
Yeah, nothing to worry about. Just put up a new manikin in the window and everything will right itself.
A lightweight but condescending post from the above? I'm shocked, I tell you, shocked.
'my teacher, a white man,'Oh that says so much more than you intended, my dear. Good luck in policing the internet.
Are you for real?
and a very common type of revenge, too.
So much for pundits who attempt to normalize the Donald. We are in for crazy and unpredictable ride.
Please don't insult the kids !
Voter fraud is virtually non-existent today. Team Stupid seems to be again leading a 'crusade' trying to make a mountain out of a molehill which isn't all that surprising given their intimate acquaintance with molehills.
Thanks. Great article.
You should write a book to elaborate and document your theory.
Dear people of the United States, Trump is Not a risk you want to take. Save your country and futures, vote Hillary and Democrats.
They aren't exempt. The salaries and benefits are published every year in their Annual Reports. Government isn't giving us the full picture--they've excluded the cost of pensions and benefits from their lists. Add another 30-35%.
Total disgrace? Yes, you are.
This may surprise you but Harper lies.
Seems to me that you are not thinking Konrad.
Not sure what legalising marijuana has to do with it. Not as though it being illegal has stopped record numbers of Canadian youth from obtaining and smoking it!
In other words, for you, 'politicized' means may potentially not immediately shut down any slightly conservative legislation (which the activist judges in it still did...).
Seriously? We should pattern our education system after your experience in the 1960s?
What about others that wear items in public which express their religious beliefs; yarmulkes, turbans, crucifixes, etc. - are they seen as 'wanting to live apart from this culture' too?
The number of thumbs down is your badge of honour, amigo.
Obviously, Trump is unfit to be President. There has been no evidence that Clinton is unfit, despite 24/7 lying by misogynists, racists and fascists .............. i.e. the basket cases
Explain Hugh Segal's chastising chatter, even as the homeless numbers increase.
Well he backs it up with more detail than you do.
What does 'just saying' mean? Didn't you mean it?
Hi Guest, Water, too, is a natural substance which is essential for life, yet people have died from drinking too much of it. http://www.scientificamerican.com/article/strange-but-true-drinking-too-much-water-can-kill/
Kudos Thunderclap. Hope you beat the cancer!
And when you have finished reading that you will also enjoy reading the proof of why the sun orbits the stationary earth. http://www.genesis-creation-proof.com/Earth-is-stationary.html
we have laws in Canada against the pervs that are sex tourists to countries like that
Squandering money must of been the 'real change' they were referring too....under the'Dark harper' years.......
and Prentice too.
c'mon, man up and pull that orange lever ...
The nuts don't fall far from the tree
not falsified evidence but mistaken evidence only in hindsight now you know but at that time no one had hindsight to see the future
john-g-child are you suggesting the liberals or ndp should refuse to govern without a 50%+1 mandate?
AMEN G & M! Thank you for articulating what allot of sane thinking people were dreaming about.
Canada1I once heard a francophone foreign correspondent with the CBC complain that Quebecers don't pay attention to stories outside of Quebec.
And don't forget his old mentor Karl Heinz Schreiber.
very well said k-t
yes, give the biological factsand leave the values and morals to the parents
You may want to start learning a little bit about what 'liberal democracy' means before you display your ignorance.
I believe 8, if you count the fiscal year just passed - the one with the pretend balance and fudgeit-budget.
As long as the teachers are run by a Marxist union its good to wack them hard. When they start electing more reasonable union heads who have a basic understanding of economics then maybe we can negotiate.
You want all Conservatives murdered as you stated above. "I would like to see the whole conservative party placed on ice flows and video tape it as they struggle to survive the melting ice." Who is the fascist?
Who cares? If he does a good job he can have 4 nannies. Why is the media magnifying this 'issue'? There are much more pressing things to be concerned about.
I can't count the number of men I know that were like you until they ended up in divorce court or their ex brought forward charges of sexual or other abuse to get the kids and your pay check. I chuckle.
Wrong. He is a shoo in. Mormons love cheap labor.
Harper served his party for many years.
Be prepared to learn what disappointment and regret is all about. And I'm not suggesting that the NDP will have no chance - I am suggesting that they will disappoint and cause those who voted for them, much regret.
herp, you are now engaging in insult when you have failed in debate.
Very odd endorsement when Harper was a one man band, a party of one no less.
Harper was the vilest of trolls and managed to escape to his closet, in spite of all the damage he wreaked in this country!
I had a look at it, and still was not impressed. There is still a very significant number of countries that do use FPTP.
Read to the end of the article.
Hardly the first time an American politician used exceptional nationalism to juice the voters. http://assets.rollingstone.com/assets/2015/media/189999/_original/1427289353/1035x1444-Lets-Make-America-Great-Again-Reagan3.jpg
So, in trying to decypher your comments -- you don't like what Harper did, but when Notley does the same thing it becomes suddenly OK?
Your ignorance is absolutely astonishing. Keep voting Conservative - they're at about the same level of stupid.
Daedalus, It's not bigotry to dislike all religious people any more than it's bigotry to dislike all violent people, all rapists, or all people who believe the Earth is flat.
And I should add that all these reasons why a foreign based manufacturer would not want to invest in a manufacturing plant in Ontario apply equally to a Canadian based manufacturers.
With the likes of the 'Pam Palmaters' of this country who like to live in downtown Toronto but supports the aboriginal zoos in the remote areas, there will never be a settlement to her liking. If there was, then she would lose her cause!
'''One of the things I'd expect a Liberal government to do is to cut immigration in half.'''The odds against that happening must be in the multiple quadrillions. Do you think it possible?
okay dutch, if you think it is okay for the rich chinese and the new canadian chinese, who sell and shill for them, are entitled to make vancouver unaffordable for regular folk, post your real name and address
As compared to the number that Trump tells. Her's are fewer while his are pants on fire according to fact checkers. His latest is that Clinton started the birther movement.
Lol if only it was...
You mean like Justin did to Stevie?
Absurd statement. Nothing matches what comes from Trump and his supporters.
Even more ironic considering UBC also charges a premium for overseas students looking to buy educational services. And the largest overseas student demographic in UBC is....from China.
horse cookies
The fact that that would be our only options tells us how much politics has deteriorated in this country. Not that it is much better elsewhere, mind you....
In other words, do what governments in the rest of the advanced, industrial world do - with the U.S. exception, where an intelligent electorate thrives on The Donald's fare.
Xandoli Not surprising that "orientals" don't appreciate being lumped in with them. --------- remember ROB FORD - R.I.P. used the term "orientals" and the hypocrites of the left blasted him and made a big deal out of it shame
What are you? A fascist?
It will always be gurgling.
Actually Ibbitson is a conservative. He was a strong supporter of Harper or at least his articles were. He is just not a racist or nutcase. One doesn't have to be a liberal to hate Trump, one just needs common sense.
Keep the NG in the ground and let prices go up.
Yes, blame a media conspiracy for people in HUDAK'S OWN RIDING voting less for him.
...and slip on the icy sidewalks and break your hip.
Ranking Canadian Prime Ministers :1. William Lyon Mackenzie King (Liberal)23. Stephen Harper (Neoconservative)SLAM !
And if bigger is better why does Harper celebrate 1812 so much? Wouldn't North America be stronger as one unit?
She's a feminist, don't bother with reason or logic. Let alone common sense.
What man doesn't pay for sex? Throw us ALL in jail.
Just like his friend Obama.
No, please don't do that.
@Ranchbeef: Yes along with Flanagan, Day and Manning.
yupso the taxpayers should be paying ford for all the publicity
Why get involved anywhere is the question. Are there any examples in the past 50 years of where this type of military adventure achieved its stated goals?
BS.Voter suppression would be where qualified voters are denied ballots based on an inability to provide required documentation. Voter suppression is NOT happening when people are too lazy to get out and vote.
Maybe you are the one that is under informed - dumb term, similar to "low information voters". Maybe those that use these terms are self identifying?
Doesn't matter since the entire MSM is now in bad standing with the public. They can't be trusted. The extreme Left wing bias will not be tolerated.
mtl....it appears you struck a nerve....
How are you going to store it, matching demand to supply?
What do you do for a living? I'm guessing you live off the tax payers
Another incomplete fact g.d. You've been a role these last few days.
" Not even one from a black leader. " Name one.
Present Turkish leadership dont even admit to the Genocide of 1.5 Armenians in 1915. Turkey if anything is going backwards under the current leadership.
his book while interesting is not entirely correct either
Why is it that every time I see Jr. speaking about whatever I think of model Parliaments from high school?
You should really go back on your meds before you hurt yourself.
Precisely!
With Steve we're screwed.
Joe Walsh just called for a race war and the assassination of the American President. Let's see how this unfolds. Anyone else would be in prison for the rest of their life.
http://www.canadafreepress.com/2005/cover042205a.htmhttp://globalnews.ca/news/626491/trudeau-defends-sen-mac-harb-in-senate-spending-scandal/Apparently liiberals aren't to be trusted either.
A $-Billion here, a $-Billion there, and soon we're talking real money.
You are right, Buttercup. If the writer were a student I would send the 'promising'paper back for more work. As it is now, it is unconvincing and misses most of theopportunities.
Yes, my thoughts exactly.
I don't see Trump's appeal to creationists, Cruz more likely has that honour. Trump makes a lot of noise, but his overall public support is not that high.
An inspiring and brilliant piece Margaret.
Hours spent actually proving that the treatments work: Medicine: MillionsNaturopathy: Zero
actually he is from the university of guelph.. not in the GTA last i looked
maybe the police should have given him a cupcake?
Who is the 'she' you are referencing? Did you even read this piece?
Perhaps they will have a boxing match. I would love to see that.
Trump and Putin can add Le Pen as an admirer. http://www.collective-evolution.com/2016/11/18/le-pen-joining-forces-with-putin-trump-as-frances-leader-is-good-for-world-peace/
You're one of THOSE people
In your mind, what does 'advocate for the citizens' mean?
Gee Zarny, lots of foaming but as usual nothing to back your spittle up. I realize you don't have any facts to support your ranting, but critizing those that post proof to back up their assertions is just churlish and juvenile.
He actually compared canada's record with china'sOne would think the press would challenge him on that point... He has lost all credibility at that moment. He really has no clue
I trusted Justin Trudeau and his hard working LPC caucus to vote against bills S-7 & C-13 even though they passed and they did not disappoint me with their stand against them. I trust Justin Trudeau to do the same with C-51.
At the Globe, the moral hierarchy is clear: 1. The Globe editorial board2. Sanctimonious Globe readers3. Muslim terrorists4. Those who support a crackdown on Muslim terrorists and their supporters
I wish I could give you 6 thumbs up!
The solution would have been to close the border. Too late for that now.
What's the alternative narrative? Everything written in the article is true.
We do. We object to lavish spending.
A cultural colossus should rank up there with the recently shuttered Shania Twain museum in Timmins in terms of revenue generation
Yeah but they don't do anything for it.
Sphere Music is a humourless Liberal (likely from the GTA) who couldn't see the joke that those countries play soccer.
I volunteered at a kitchen for the homeless this week and a lot of them showed up with work clothes and student backpacks.
Actually the fledging oil industry was spurred by the USA, but thanks for playing along.
Do you mean those that work 60 hour weeks for months on end as milking the system?
As far as I know - that Manning training centre for right wing politicians is publicly funded by all of us. Which is, simply, not right.
You've already go those protections. Why are you upset because someone else is asking for the same thing you already have.
So Norm.. feeling blissful then?
Now that is a nasty and prejudiced comment.
I don't remember the last time I agreed with Wente....
TerryM4 wrote: "We have no right to thump our chests and point fingers at others." And then TerryM4 thumps his chest and points his fingers at everyone who doesn't hold his political biases as being stupid.
Not it shouldn't! Why the hell should we care? Stay out of their business before they decide to turn their sites on Canada.
I know Ukrainians and Georgians that feel the same way about Russia. They don't trust Russia one iota. Apparently, the Poles, Lithuanians, Bulgarians and other former satellite countries of the USSR don't either!
And he's an anti-elitist. Oh yeah - his wife works for Goldman Sachs, too. Just incredible, isn't it?
What Mr. Justice Hackland described as Rob Ford's 'stubborn sense of entitlement concerning his football foundation.'
If the CPC is looking for a fresh face, a woman, and a true conservative to lead the party, they need look no further than Ms Smith.
It's a draught of water. Nothing grows without water, not even trees turbocharged on gods breathe co2
An ancient scribe from UBC, Allan Fotheringham, once stated that politicians should stay clear of those who buy their ink by the barrel. If it wasn't Foth, who was the wise scribe? In any event, it sure sounded like good advice.
Almost all the guns used in the mass murders in the US from 1982-2012 were obtained legally or stolen from family or people the murderers knew. The murderers were predominantly white males
I am wondering how the British police handle real knife threats. I bet they do not need nine rounds to do so!! I suggest giving the police baseball bats and taking away their hand guns.
Nice selfie up vote.
As well, who is SA allied with and against in the region? As FDR once said, "He may be an S.O.B., but he's our S.O.B.".
Remember that German still derives a significant portion of base load capacity from France's nuclear generation infrastructure. Without that the lights would go out, no matter how many solar panels.
Japan is an overcrowded, polluted (although not as polluted as it used to be) human antheap. The Japanese generally do NOT enjoy a high quality of life in comparison with Canadians.
The term"samsara", meaning endless cycle of suffering, becomes karma when reincarnation takes place. For most humans, they can't picture what they did in past lives to deserve what they experience now, hence "the baggage you inherited."
The MPs have both said that Trudeau has not communicated with them.
And discontent with the EU is rising in most member states, other than those of the former Soviet Bloc.
Won't have to worry about that wall as both candidates are isolationist in their trade policies.
I prefer a leap into the abyss than life as an economic zombie ...
If you believe what you are saying, please send him your address and invite him to stay with you until he gets back on his feet.
Lots of rednecks do identify with Ms Coulter. They have a lot of votes too. Open the doors to the trailer parks and let the voting begin.
It is called common sense. Apparently, something Justin and his ilk lack.
So you're saying they are ignoring an internal directive then.
And I bet Justin Trudeau won't be meeting you at the airport bearing gifts
Clearly journalists prefer fiction over facts.
Hey Barry, you forgot to mention the rape and pillaging Central Canada has done to Alberta. I'm sure it was just a typo.
Then why do Canadians go to the USA or Mexico for health care?
I think you greatly exaggerate the actual waste.
John Ralston Saul hit the nail on the head in the Unconscious Civilization.
I consider it my money once I have earned it. Once the government has taken it's share in taxes, i expect it to be spent wisely, not profligately
Great editorial. Agree wholeheartedly.
Western: Yes, good thinking. Let's eliminate 1.6% of the world's GHG by shutting down Canada. And then, guess what, no change in the world's climate because 1.6% is too small...
nah, replace this party.
it is if you like to send your kids to school, visit your doctor, keep warm in the winter or eat.
The number one commonalities that most young male mass murderers have in the US are 1 - They were bullied 2 - They have no permanent father figure
Keith D LaRiviere are you referring to the trillion dollar give away, please sit down and read
Sorry David but it ain't gunna become law. And you know it. Nice try though.
I know! ISISists are EVERYWHERE!! Don't forget to check under your bed! (Harper has your broom closet covered) (lol)
I'll take a whack at summarizing: It's changing of the guard time. Steve - you're off. Now, the question is, who comes on? An enhanced LPC team, or a revamped CPC team?
Look at the irony. When Italians emigrated throughout the 20th century, there were no limits imposed on how many of them could move the US or Canada or Australia. What goes around, comes around.
Are you a daesh terrorist then?
No, he is an example of untreated alcoholism and addiction spiralling out of control. Any semblance of functioning long gone
They co-relate, but that doesn't mean CO2 causes temp. rise. Also the graphs are poorly done with exaggerated axis to amplify effect. Hard to show o.o1 degree rise in temp on a graph as an alarming issue.
Both were statements of fact.
Some how snorting coke and being drunk while in a mayoral capacity and doesn't precisely fitFord's definition of the gravy train, so it must be ok.....
Conrad doesn't deserve the exposure at all in Canadian media. He is a disgrace to this country and should be put back under the rock from which he emerged.
One word apparently describes the one win in a row Liberals: dynasty. Too funny.
Shake and shake the ketchup bottleFirst none'll come, then a lot'll.Richard Armour
'The policy solution to these negative effects is new government regulations that financially penalize employers guilty of this abuse.'And who will police this? The government is cutting civil servants and reducing funding to the CBC.
Killing gay men by hanging then or throwing them off tall building as commanded in thr Koran is public entertainment in many Islamic countries.
The French never seem to like their presidents, so Hollande's unpopularity is not entirely surprising.
'it is marginally more than the system can reabsorb, so it is accumulating and causing weather effects.' What weather effects specifically ? , can the actual amount be measured/differentiated from what the weather or climate does naturally ?
You have to admit that Wynne herself is very slim.
Wrong - we are bigtime against Trump
The sky is falling! The zealots who believe in global warming are the same people that thought the world was ending at Y2K guess what--- nothing happened..
OBVIOUSLY PPL HERE DONT AGREE WITH YOU/ HA HA
Putin has planted himself as ruler for life - by doing so he has enabled those who want to push NATO right up to Russia's borders. If Russia was a free democratic state, Ukraine would not be looking west.
Great article Ms. Wente, thank you! As for the harperophobes - they will soon find out that Tom or Justin's road will be much the same, if they get into power. Then they can shake their fists at them.
Or maybe it is not such "a good read." http://mediamatters.org/research/2014/08/04/discredited-author-ron-kessler-fills-latest-boo/200306
BCT: Please check your facts before hitting the post button. This makes no sense whatsoever.
Is your first name Rona?
Any other gov't wouldn't have cancelled an income tax cut to cut the GST taking 12 billion a year out of gov't coffers. It was the Libs who were paying down our debt. Harper added nearly 200 billion to it but I guess math isn't your strong suit.
Hogwash, Mr Harper stood up at the Israeli Knesset and confirmed Canada's ongoing support for Palistinian statehood.
Learn how to spell, or at least learn to copy a word that is right before your eyes. They learn how to copy words in grade 1, guess you didn't get out of kindergarten.
Cat, globalization has actually decreased the number of poor and massively increased the size of the middle class in developing nations.
Layla4: Can't remember... it was during the Meech Lake Accord. He said "The nattering Nabobs of negativity"...
I think your "hundreds of thousands" is more than a little out of kilter... there wouldn't be anybody left if there were that many!
What Harper needs now is another of his patented distractions... thank goodness the Duffy trial lays just ahead and the Del Maestro one just finished.
Mark Shore give it up.. the world is cooling, not warming. Have you not noticed the records being broken for snow and cold? eg, snow in Saudi Arabia? Will you ever face reality, or is GW just your religion?
give it a rest; keep politics out of the Olympics
Ya but in Ontario the LIberals only rip off the tax payer. The Kadhar family rips off the country.
I take hudak over wynne any day
Questioning His Holiness Trudeau's methods - Wente must be charged with Blasphemy! The CBC's black helicopters will be hovering around her for months!
She's generalizing. Cut her some slack.
Call in the thought police, I think this women is thinking about a sex selective abortion, Oh wait, apparently she feel she an additional baby may stress her financially, Carry on
John Bairid on tv telling Don Newman it is illegal so we will go to people.
LOL. Are you shills STILL trying to pretend Israel was the victim in 1967? No.Israel attacked its neighbors in 1967 in a clear and blatant act of aggression.
Everybody dies. And everyone over 5 is aware of this. I suggest some people have trouble with death.
The electorate are electing the party you dimwit
Harper thanks you.
Proinsias, it's not the fee - it's the exit tax. And the fact that you have to be up to date with all your filings (even if you didn't owe anything).
There is no level to which these guys wont stoop.
P.s. Was 'I AM Canadian' a copyirght infringement? I just noticed that my user name had been altered. (sheesh)
Can't stay on topic, can you?
Johnson may be the only candidate able to fly over the cuckoos nest which has become the U.S. 2 party flip-flop system over the decades past. He also seems to be able to think outside of the box in a non insulting way...
Speak for yourself -- I sure as hell am interested ... you can turn to 'Hone Boo Boo' if that is what enriches you.
@mambo, now now, do not paint all with the same brush. Most Quebeckers are a tolerant as you are.
Iam:-- Whatever it is, maybe Rob Anders is in on it :-).
BS your "analysis" is so far off base it's comical
Good, get lost!
Sounds like severe ladies' troubles to me, Pifco.
I agree with y2, and there are more extremists on this board than there are in the average city.
Agreed. As I personally have done, people should move to where the opportunity is, if they want to prosper..
They didn't boycott for the Jews and they won't for homosexuals because they don't care about anything but their propaganda fest, watchable sports and beer in fromt of the TV.
Not yet, he will be. Harper was green once too, in all fairness. Lets hope he has thick enough skin for this brutal job.
Yes I do, people in glass houses should not throw stones.
...if all you are looking for in an article is ideology.
Anderson Stevenson: Even if you believe that sending priests 1500 years later is good enough, it's hardly a sign of omnipotence. After Jesus was resurrected why didn't he spread the message to the rest of the world?
Wow, quote from a survey that was conducted nearly 3 years ago.
Prince: observe the American body politic. See the correlation between the KKK and the Tea Party fanatics. Listen to some Americans who rant about that N*gger/Muslim in the Whitehouse.
Let's hurry up and forget about Rob Ford and Company. A 2nd generation gravy train family, well trained in what to say and do to keep their high paying taxpayer funded jobs while moonlighting at the family sweatshop!
The Deniers keep denying in the face of overwhelming evidence, quoting oil industry lies and the drivel written by discredited hacks.
Aside from pastors who die from handling snakes, the most discredited of modern professions must be nutritionists and dieticians. The most fattening food in our diet is confusion.
Blasphemer.
'At this point neither of the two can be worse. I'm willing to take my chances.'Lottery tickets are sold to that kind of thought process. Do the math and you'll give yourself a break.
Hardly 'completely repudiated'. But the people that are going to be the hardest hit are the young - they've just lost the right to live and work in 27 countries. Then there is the little matter of education ...
What kind of callous twit would frame the Walkerton disaster that way, Dosibe? The area's residents paid for the Harris dereg folly with their lives and ruined health.
Meh, for all of her numerous warts Clinton is exponentially more qualified for President than Trudeau.
'coerced liberation'. Really? That's priceless.
What!?! They want generous holidays, pensions, salaries, benefits and love as well? They should count themselves lucky that they don't get the boot where the sun don't shine.
Before the Cons you so love, Margaret, keep trying to scare Canadians with their law and order agenda and they distort the truth about crime rates (while crime rates are going down).
Wow! You must be a lot of fun at parties.
They don't call her 'Lisa The Rat' for nothing...
Yes, well, think of all the Economic Action Plan ads they've been selling...
Nice research rog2010. thanksIn other news.....I happened to notice in the appointments to the G&M Board of Directors MR. John Gass (no joke) of Suncor....I guess that's why they call it the 'corporate media'. Run for and by the Mega corporations.
You left our our Universal Health Care program. The man has no conscience.
Israelis want to survive; Hamas doesn't want them to survive.
Thank you for the great Christmas cheer.
A new title, a different slant on the topic and even corrections to the value of the bitcoin. It's good to see that Ms Southey is taking recycling to heart.
I think that Monarchists like the Monarchy because it is an area where they can nit pick about irrelevant drivel like HRH vs HM for a parasite on society.
When you train youngsters that the prime virtue is to have 'pride' in yourself, to love yourself, what else do you expect?
You are forgetting that George W also was a Harvard MBA.
yes and no , they don't have much in the way of nationalism its all about tribe and sect. It would be harder for a Muslim to change his sect , Sunni or Shia, than it would be for a Canadian to be come a flag waving American.
Wrong.. If food was just Calories you would be correct. But it is more complex than that. Please ugrade your education
Yup, my comment was not accepted. It contained no profanity personal insults and was on topic. What it did do was point out the limitations of her argument in a way that was unflattering......
The public interest includes people who are less mobile.
Good night. (Just one you said.)
'The government has resorted to defending itself with out of context citations from experts, whose conclusions are the opposite of what the government pretends'--------------...Steeve Cons 'Brad Butting' !...quite telling eh?!...
Dubcik, define 'minority' and then tell us why blacks compose roughly ten percent of the population but should be ignored because they're a minority. Then come back and address this issue.
Should it give up then Toronto will be the first of the 70 or so cities world wide that have bike sharing schemes to do so. Toronto is, of course, always in the vanguard of progress.
JS: I believe BC had enough votes for 50%+1, but they required a supermajority. Also, someone may vote against a particular form of alternative voting, not voting in favour of FPP.
I don't think he is dumb, but his intention is suspect!
LOL. Advice on cultural vibrancy from Dubai!! Now I've seen it all.
Care to expound? Or do you consider your point to be that obvious? Not trying to be an a$$, just wondering where you are coming from?
The lady who is up to this in courts seems to be wearing make-up when you look at pics. Niqab and make-up just don't look right.
how will your OAS be clawed back on your pension from work? OAS does not start to be clawed back until you make around 80K a yeareducate yourself on the facts
Pot is incredible cheap to grow. There is no reason it should be expensive. The tokers are toking already, time to kill the black market.
Canada catered to Quebec's whims and tantrums for 50 years. Didn't work, it's still the crybaby of Confederation. Time for some tough love.
Shed no tears for Jordan Peterson. A stuffy blowhard in a deliberate search for personal attention. He wanted public backlash to gain his 15 minutes of fame. If there is anything unfortunate, it is that some young students took his obvious bait.
abortion, same sex marriage, prostitution, assisted suicide
No mention of the share structure, and how it needs to change. Fail Oh, and I love how the premier of Quebec gets to decide when something is important for Canada or not... Totally unconvincing.
So, with Trump losing in the polls, he should have thrown in the towel, hmm?
A little levity at Xmas with animals getting into heaven , my father did not think that Protestants could get into heaven must be a strange place , wonder what time cocktails are served????
And SH and his my way or the highway approach worked how well?
I see why he's a garbage dump.
Sure, when reasonable arguments fail, always attack the person - and get your facts wrong.
Or ever. The methods by which the USA annexed Texas, New Mexico, California and Hawaii were pretty much the same as what Russia has just done in Crimea.
And you believe everything the Tyee says?
a selfie or two should do the trick
Wrong again Earl? You're consistent.
After a separation most men leap into arms of their next caregiver.
Deliberately gutted by trade deals.
you must be a paid shill of the lieberals... I mean who really remembers the details of the mulroney government ...nobody.
Neo-con feminists control western media.
So what you're advocating then is no males should be allowed to enter Canada if they're younger than 30?
Agre. As it is, most people just sing 'O Canada, our home and native land, la, la, la, la'
When has Mr. Harper taken responsibility for anything? In the Harper Government, the 'buck' only stops when it lands at Mr. Trudeau's feet.
I hate it when I argee with Wente but this article is a great summary.
I hear so much about the education and healthcare in Cuba, but nothing about why good education and healthcare precludes free elections.
Yes, I know. You have posted the same thing now for at least 2 months.
Right on Bob.
And supports communist dictatorships...
I agree with you.
I am not surprised you got thumbs down on this one. But you shouldn't have. This is the best comment on the whole affair.
I don't think you have to convince the British about the horrors of WW2 if that is your point.
The good old standby.......BIG TOBACCO........lol.....
Actually, Japan has quite a large military.
Well explained. Every Canadian, whether they wish Canada to continue as a monarchy or not, should understand what the Canadian monarchy symbolizes.
Justine: because Conservatives don't like women.
This one is perfect Fred, no more need for modifications. Start the assembly line we need 17 dozen more before lunch.
There is more than enough evidence but obviously every attempt is being made by the madman of Moscow to obfuscate the war crime his minions perpetrated. Russia shot down MH 17.
Wrong, Greenland belongs to Denmark, so they are not 1000's of kms from the Arctic.
We really need the Premiere of the Province to write editorials for your paper because otherwise something in the news will be lost in the translation.
so I can't be critical of the Globe - a bit hypocritical?
Yes, and your demonstration of Godwin's Law certainly proves it!
Oh well, as long as The Protocol School of Washington? says so. Snort.
Actually I have, those who believe in fairy tales and other assorted biblical / religious stories are the ones drinking milk and eating cookies. Ba, Baaaa
... you are exactly wrong.
or a seriously deluded person.
Could you be more of an apologist for this ragingly misogynistic collective mental illness that is Jihadism?
I'll take 'Angry Tom' over 'Le Coiff' or 'Solemn Steve' thanks.
You reached the wrong conclusion.
'Warm milk, cookies and a bedtime story?'Way to sink your argument with a juvenile and cheap comment. Without it, it might have been worthy of debate.
And they can start with not listening to your sour attitude in your post. You don't like what men are doing..? TOO BAD FOR YOU..!
I will not have a flag on my baggage or backpack when I travel today. Harper has made Canada a country people love to hate.
I suspect there is a sizeable and lucrative audience for Coronation Street. And it's run at the perfect time -- before their bedtimes.
'socialist hoards' (LOL)That's a nasty bruise on your forehead, Jack.
Excellent post - but beyond the attention span of the sheeple .-)
She could become a nun. A singing nun? I don't think so.
Has this guy got an anger management problem, or what. I think is a good candidate for sensitivity re-training.
If Obama cared about America's interest, he would stand fully behind Israel. The Middle East asides from Israel hates the US and its values and Israel is their only ally in the Middle East.
Plenty of concern and frustration, not apathy or antipathy.
Beautifully written, 'DonMacdonal'!
Think back a couple of years ago when Quebec banned a certain chemical and i believe it was Dow that successfully sued the feds for several million for loss of profits.
Brilliant idea - you will no doubt get elected .-)I will get the money presses rolling in eager anticipation.
The case of Sauve v. Canada was about the right of a person who is incarcerated in the prison system and does not address residency. In fact the decision refers to " certain permanent residents" also "citizens and residents"
@Jack Bauer: Are you saying that the 'uniformed electorate' - that would be Canada's men and women in uniform - are dope smokers wanting to pay a carbon tax? The 'uniformed electorate' will be supporting Trudeau? Yes, that's what you said.
Washington Post = Liberal media? Only if you glean your viewpoint from The Crusader.
Be careful. You can be put in jail for such comments against the Gang of Quebec.
Its important to realize who is advising the PM, and what those advisors records. Look at Gerald Butts for instance.
oh dear me, do you have to be a subscriber to post, Peggy?
Doug Saunders is left?
He obviously doesn't know how to googles.
'which was none other than Van Der Zalm doing his worst.'How did he do it? Did he had his hand up Campbells butt?
Let's Be Clear - bye bye have a nice day
It offends John because it's true.
Maybe you've got the excuse of not being able to follow an argument?
That would be Prime Minister Trudeau, get use to it.
It's just our pleasure, those that resist will be put in the politically incorrect gulag comrade!
Albert knew about the Liberals... he really did.
So then why change?
I second Leggy's comment!
Strange. What I understood from Fowler's piece in the weekend Globe & Mail was that we should not join the military effort against Isis. Clear as day in the last paragraph. He actually convinced me!
I wish this insufferable woman would STOP MEDDLING ... in OTHER people's affairs. She did it with Same-sex marriage, and now she wants choices restricted yet again. What a nosy-Parker busybody she is.
I wonder if and when science was ever to prove that 'God' was a man made phenomenon what new rationale we would come up with to slaughter one another.
Whoa, touched a nerve there. "He is not! You're in 8th grade! Here's a dictionary definition." Lol
Care to give examples. Remember you said they ran many fringe candidates.
Canada does not have a gun problem. Canada has problems with people who think we have a gun problem.
To all those who give me thumbs down, look up the definition of religion. I'm not wrong.
Media that facilitate the erosion of democracy , always say no one cares when their man gets caught
I'm being stalked by Alceste. Hahahahaha
@Blackdan - Scottd seems to be correct, BTW
It's refreshing to read a tribute to Israeli culture and conscience. It is the kind of critical self examination one would expect from a secular intellectual. Too bad the piece is not recent.
100% fully agree.
This pretty well sums it all up.https://youtu.be/uyS3Ghevf2I
Bosnians were originally Christians, Turks came and converted many by force to the Muslim faith. Bosnian Muslims supplied Hitler with 2 SS divisions and killed many Jews in WW2.
Another thing. If she ever travelled, prior to being an MP, to the US and was asked where she was born and she said Afghanistan and knew she was born in Iran - she committed a felony in the US.
Montreal and Toronto are huge money generators buddy. They don't run on gov. money.
'I'm sure that this post now makes me a 'racist' in FN eyes.'If the shoe fits....
In the kind of societies we have in the West, we do tend to provide for the least fortunate. I guess you can't see that from your little island of selfishness.
[K Wright, w respect, your analysis is simply incorrect.] Tell that to the US.
Well, if not Hazel, maybe her son, the developer.
...OVER ? Finally... GREAT !!!Now, has anyone told... IBBITSON, BRICKER, and ALL those the 'Kids in Shorts'...At Langevin's 'Caf? KOOL AID'
Read Treaties 1, 4, 5, 6, 8, 9 and 10. The Cree have surrendered all the land to the Crown. End of story.
Because we know it's really all about the comfort of the whites in society and BLM should get in line. Thanks for sharing your white-centric ideas. The blacks will be forever grateful, I'm sure.
Yes because using uranium and fossil fuels to power our over-consumption is so much better for the planet than a few wind turbines....News flash - fossil fuels are expensive too. You're just not paying the full cost. Yet.
Despicable really and a really scummy move by Adler!,
Apparently the Globe forget that we elected an idiot. He doesn't have the ability to explain anything. You'd better ask Butts or Wynne for their rubbish answers.
Good one, Jon S. You know your hasbara playbook. If you can't dispute the facts, attack the person.
Oh, for pete's sake G&M! The term Reformer-c*m-Independent is not worthy of moderation or censorship. Grow up!
Sounds like a complicated simple!
chicken nuggetsI only hope that Mr. Dale has the fortitude to take this all the way to court------Don't you worry the Star will see to it that he doesMore ford stories for the Star
Le p'tit pet is more appropriate 
Freedom151, I was being sarcastic, as we have become a society, in my opinion, when shopping for DIY projects has become more important than 'play.'
Problem is they block access to condoms in many countries.
I think what we can derive from these results are that Justin has a limited popularity ceiling among voters and has not lived up to the bias media hype.
Many eye-witnesses do not corroborate the officer's story. If fact they say it was the officer who attacked Brown. And yes it does add up. The police have started to kill unarmed innocent civilians at a alarming rate.
Are you referring to the ad where Clinton gives that screeching laugh right at the end? That ad is a disaster.
The players will go where the money is best.
on the same grounds that you imagine they are not - i would study and research a little bit more if i were you
How does having a waiter make the food better?
Given that the rich pay virtually all of the taxes that subsidize Olympics infrastructure construction, it may be fair to say that the Olympics are poor for the rich, and poor for the poor. i
Is this information from Rebel Media?
Snore. Calling those with whom one disagrees a 'racist' is beyond boring. Make a case for unfettered immigration if you can, but drop the name calling.
Because everybody commenting here potentially has something to lose. I know they aren't kicking me out of this country for anything, so Bill C-24 sounds great to me.
No, you have yourself to blame. So, i assume you will not vote Liberal next time?
Boy, you REALLY do take the proggy narrative hook, line and sinker, eh?
If you want to know who is making your clothes and under what conditions, have a look at this website: www.free2work.org/
Dion had it right, BC has it right... And now even the Globe! We need this type of tax with equivalent reductions in income tax. The whole country should copy BC!
Maybe someone should explain the difference between 'income' and 'equity' to MW and then maybe she can interpret the data a little more consistently. They are after all, apples and oranges, ie: both fruits but not the same thing in this debate.
no one hates You because you are a senior, it's really only poor seniors we don't like.
The aspestos issue existed long before Harper - a proud Canadian ( Quebec ) legacy to sell this carcinogen to Third World countries as 'safe' ....
How be you parachute into Moscow, assassinate Putin, fight your way back to NATO lines and then marry the girl next door?
Despite your evident bitterness, I would have been enlightened to hear what you propose we do about the problem. Apart from complaining, what should we do?
The anti-EU movement in the UK is isolationist inspired by the right-wing ideology that Britain is losing its white identity. It's parallel to what Trump is saying in his campaign: keep the darkies out.
And the lowest tax burden cost per capita of any of the provinces. Cons are getting ever more desperate. Let them. It's polarizing alright, just not the way they intend. Note the average apparent IQ continues to plummet.
My question has been answered.
To Vickidothen why are the NDP grovelling and begging JUSTIN to have a COALITIONno seff-confidence and no self-resperctis this how low the NDP has sunk
Jetson, please point out exactly what Canada's role was in the CIA torture that is the subject of this article.
But it worked in WW2. Can't get bigger than that!
JIMbo Putin is still fighting the cold war Putting thinks you are naive
Good stuff Preston.
In no uncertain terms, this is the most mundane article I have ever read. Trudeau should stop global warming because kids don't play enough outdoor hockey?! Doesn't the Globe have an editor or something.
I guess you don't thing the reduction of carbon ghg is essential the ms wente? You have no idea or else you would.
How is this being done on the backs of your children? This provides you with more ability to save for an inheritance to pass along to your children.
Jeffrey, to write a column on this topic, you might have taken the time to read Linda McCuaig's and Neil Brooks' book, The Trouble with Billionaires. Or better still, why not interview them and then write another column. How about that?
I've met several parents who proudly state they don't spank their children. They tend to be a little scatter brained and their kids a running the household. If that's up your alley go for it.
Hillary changes her mind so much on issues, that Bernie keeps winning primaries and embarassing her. Too bad, because Trump will be a disaster.
Demonstrate for us where the bias is in this article. While you are at it, demonstrate how the networks are biased against the Harper Conservatives.
"...we need more than laws..." But I guess you missed that obvious point.
PS: I presume that Michael Chong is one of those 'hand puppets' that Toronto Elite says the PM has surrounded himself with!!
Arrogance has brought down more then one government.
Huh?! Tax free savings accounts or tfsas have not been taken away. They still e,iat and will exist into the future. So how can one bring something back that till exists?
I love your second sentence where you imply that Quebec and the rest of Canada are unprincipled and immortal for not embracing little weak-minded Justin Trudeau.
What a mean-spirited article.
So according to you it really IS all about the money, plus increasing the power and prestige of the chiefs. That the result does not increases the self-sufficiency and prosperity of the indians themselves is something else again.
Kissy kissy, eh, vancharger?
Maybe they were afraid that no one wanted a crazy religious guy moved next to them?
Their sense of entitlement is limitless, like they firefighting breathren (and teachers, and other public sector workers).
Perhaps, but he's damned right about the wealth consuming bureaucracy and political structures.
wow, bang on!!! tyvm
'inclusive and progressive'.What does that actually mean in practical terms?
Good to hear a sensible view without all the emotional hype.
Interestingly, the Conservatives and Liberals are connected at the hip with regards to support of the XL pipeline. Obama however, is not on board.
Robert, maybe you should have read the comment more carefully. P.S. You do know what "legal immigrant" means, right?
Its apparent that the 'demographic transformation' of European lands is a vitally important project for the powers that be. So much so that they are willing to pay any price to achieve it.
elevate your debating skills Why and Alceste
Is Harper still the PM?
There's plenty of bad that could be brought up to show what's wrong with Ontario and its government. But when your only piece of data is a report by the Fraser Institute, you have to wonder...
That's the reason that the KKK endorsed Trump.
Thanks - nice to see someone who sees the disconnect.
Fluoride is industrial waste, the slow kill is real.
How do you know that they are dead?
The Globe continues to demonstrate a shameless progressive agenda; the post-petroleum world is at least 50 years away - what are we talking about? This article is a joke.
Not you, that is for certain.
Maybe you won't worth the cost. Sounds cold, but that's the decision your boss made. Don't blame the game.
You DO get that this is all cyclical and that doom and gloom sells newspapers, right? I wonder how long some of these people have been alive since it doesn't take all that long to understand that all of these things are cyclical.
What does the gay community do that is 'exclusive'. I live in the village and I have no idea what you're talking about. Where and When are gays in Toronto viciously racist or xenophobic?
Quebec wants to separate. Yawn.
So... Mulroney's respected by OTHER corrupt politicians? Nice.
yeah, I forgot the 'a' in 'I am qualified to be fighter pilot'you got me.you win. you are so smrt.
Like public sector workers in Ontario...
Harper 'almost certainly telling the truth'? Harper's whole political career is built and lies and deceit. Why should he start telling the truth now?
As a conservative party supporter and voter I agree with this editorial, and I do not supporter Harper's decision to extend and expand this mission.
This is Obama's isolationism and protectionism at work.
quiet honey, the men are talking
"Can you say "non sequitur"?" ----------------------------- Can you say "sarcasm"? The only non sequitur here is the author's assertion that girls are scantily dressed just because it's hot out.
And now millions of dollars are just petty cash?
might be a race between him and the supreme court as to who reverses it first
You say Canadians do not support the bombing missions because there are no boots on the ground and finish with Iran has boots on the ground. So, boots are on the ground and your rationale to not support the bombing missions is out the window.
....FrankPi for Prime Minister.
Why isn't harper declared a terrorist or traitor to Canada the country he hates so much ??
Civil marriage is NOT a religious thing. Not one syllable of 'God-talk' is required to be civilly married. Religionism poisons everything it touches.
Alberta doesn't have a coast line where offshore oil production can be loaded directly into tankers. Alberta's oil is landlocked at the mercy of twits like Obama and environmentalists and natives on the west and east coasts of our Country.
Perhaps it is time for the Globe to endorse the Liberals.
Is the Globe and Mail broken media, biased with out-of-control editorial opinions that have proven very unpopular after endorsing Hudak?
Right wing? Um.....Justin Trudeau?
Skippy is funny.
It was my post....I make the rules . 11 people thumbs down/. Conservatives love liars and Cheaters and thieves.
Crisis equals opportunity. Let's hope this isn't Putin's opportunity.
I don't think Iran treats the Baha any different then any other infidels in the country. Like all muslim states it is an Apartheid police state were non muslims have no status or rights.
If non-psychiatric therapy were more affordable then more of the current psychiatrists could be freed up to handle the people who need them the most.
talk is cheap Akt....it won't be so easy to book that Swiss flight when the time comes.....
Harpers base consists of the top 1% and their stooges ? motley a group of those born out of ignorance, greed, intolerance and a dislike for science and concern for the environment.
wrong on all counts.
so THIS is where the climate change deniers come to troll....
Saunders is delusional. He might have spoken to some politicians seeking to make hay. He obviously did not speak to many Germans. Anyway, Sweden and Denmark tried this policy a few years ago.... go look at how it's going now.
Its absolutely disgusting the way the media plays the population.
i doubt that. all the parties are in the middle.
moon howler:'And all the seals ork ork orking and flapping their fins together in approval will not deflect from what happened.'-Speaking of deflection, you can usually find the topic at the top of the page.
Why would anyone give Robin a thumbs down? She's enjoying life, what's wrong with that? Way to go, Robin!
What are the behavioral expectations that are unreasonable for many boys?
Who needs to reach. The Wynne team provide a bumper crop of low hanging fruit. Not unlike Christy's BC Liberals they both belong to the scandal a week club. Definitely Guinness material.
Trump moves jobs out of the country and promises to bring them back. I have a bridge in New York I would like to sell you.
To echo Patricia F, what's this got to do with anything? Your pseudonym 'foolishvirgin' is an apt description - but as I have discovered over many years, there is absolutely no way that science and actual facts can get in the way of idiotic theories.
They still are pretty dismal.
I never get tired of pointing out to the world what a classless troll z55man is. This paid troll is the quintessential vanguard of the Trump movement.
Let me tell you about (fill in the blank). Bigotry comes in all shapes and sizes. I am somewhat suprised to hear it mouthed by a professor of philosophy in a Canadian University.
So if we don't like the media's interpretation of the principles of citizenship, the media has others?
'A trigger warning I can support: the one involving middle-aged white guys' - Middle-aged white womanThe irony is not lost on us.
In the mandatory long form, only 18% of Canadian residents were counted. The new one collects data from nearly twice as many as the old 'forced' one.
The moral authority speaks, the robo's dance and vote.
How much could it really cost to move your Butts from Toronto to Ottawa?
Not the stereotype, the norm. Words do have a meaning, and the article is well placed.
Only if you're making history.
I'm just wondering Ms. Palmater, how is being able to own your own home on your reserve is 'assimilation', while being kept constantly destitute and dependent on Canadian taxpayers isn't?
4) Just a regular Saturday night down south.
This Quebec based reporter sees only upside for the country being led by Quebec based Liberals. How self centred. She completely ignores the corruption in the recent Liberal brand. It won't go away honey, no matter how much you wish it.
Actually, the Liberals began uploading many of the costs that you are complaining about... after Mike Harris (with the help of Ford's own dad as an MP) originally downloaded onto the city.
The Globe and Mail has about a million readers. These forums are dominated by the 150 or so Black Bloc Forumistas.
Gotta wonder what the heck were they smoking down there at Front Street to arrive at such a nonsensical argument. Wingnuttedness is evidently not in the exclusive purview of Mr. Harper and his crewReaders deserve better.
No one is forcing the professor to apply for the funding. She seems to continue to go out of her way to get it.
'evidence-based' is confined to medical journals - in the popular press we tend to have 'advertising-based' medicine, and lately (see measles stories recently) fear-based pretend-medicine.
brem - exactly !
CBC costs Canadian taxpayers, when considering only income tax, something like 0.003 % of the budget, or $55-80 bucks per person. Chill buddy. I think you and everyone else is getting their money's worth.
It's a shame that Muslim women have to open a separate Mosque for Muslim women.
Oh dear Rogue Chimp, did I step on your feels? I'd try to explain to you what I meant, but I have the feeling that won't get us anywhere, so instead have a link where someone tried to explain a few things: acko.net/blog/storms-and-teacups/
So what? He was just stating the obvious.
He was respecting the two MPs wishes to not make the allegations public.
You're not alone.
I'll vote for a man who stepped into the boxing ring with Brazeau before voting for the guy in the broom closet.
It'd actually be way easier to contain prostitution to specific areas and involve only certain individuals if legal and regulated... The very problems you mention are in large part a result of the current laws. Ironic isn't it?
Are you serious......
I am sure you hold this view sincerely. However, experience and evidence suggest that you are profoundly mistaken.
Canadians have recently rejected a schoolmaster state run by the subversive Stephen Harper.
Jack proposes, 'The best way is to never vote for Wynne again.'Why wait longer than even Kathleen is proposing Jack unless your company can't find the funds right now to help Patrick Brown and the PCs out of their $5 million debt?
Sooo, Monsanto is now a selfless angel of mercy? I have this pyramid . . .
HEAR, HEAR!!!
And another tiresome Marcus Gee column plays out too. Marcus Gee has co-dependence issues with Rob Ford it seems
The Hillary campaign is terrible at name calling.. All Trumps supporters are deplorable and irredeemable and Bernie's supporters are all basement dwellers.. She has names for everyone. I wonder what she calls her own supporters? Suckers, I guess.
all the polls in the world mean nothing if people don't vote. Look at the BC provincial election.
Wonderful to know there are still some right honorable people who there who don't jump on the first boat that comes along. Excellent article and essential thought to protect our rights and freedom.
Don't ban it, just don't vote for it. There's nothing like failure to kill a venture off.
?Fair Vote,? citizen assemblies should be made up of the law society who so vociferously said no to BillC51, scientists who's mouths were sewn shut, the indigenouswho were labeled terrorists and enemies, those who oppose election fraud, etc.
Right, but $750 million on 'nice hair' ads was a sign of fiscal prudence. Your side lost. Get over it.
it will never stop
The particular Liberal/MSM hope bubble you are referring to largely deflated with the RCMP decision not to charge Nigel Wright. The grief counselors have left the offices of CBC/Torstar several weeks ago.
The UN is a joke
"competent"? Butts and co bandkrupted Ontario. Nice try. Imagine if Harper associates did this? You will be calling for blood in the street. Typical liberal hypocracy.
So, a country can buy its way out of UN sanctions ?What a joke that the UN is.
Would you rather have them break into your house to 'feed' their habit?
'The government should invest' = The government and tax payers should subsidize your housing ! Not me ....
@Pamphleteer - Well, it's about time. I was worried that the RCMP was rendered into a 'toothless' watchdog against the PMO. The PMO should be held to the letter of the law, just as we all are. This should be interesting.
'Judges frequently make wrong decisions.'----------But you want those 'wrong judges' to still impose a mandatory sentence? They're so incompetent to start with, they need help to get it more wrong?.
Exactly, They cannot FIX what's going on in Syria. All they can do is kill thousands of people, leave an absolute mess and call it a job well done. IF they can do it without totally pi$$ing off China and Russia
Thomas Paine: You need to be exorcised. What a stupid post.
JohnWhy hybrid? Should we have hybrid food supply? and housing? and......
Seems like you're the one doing the complaining, or is it just okay if you do it.
Who is this "everybody", Kimosabe?
Mirabel = the ultimate government funded white elephant !! Middle of nowhere ...
You wanna explain that one, Lamont... or is this one of those 'if you have to ask, you're not smart enough to understand' issues that the Cons pride themselves on?
I'm surprised you could hear anything; you seem to be completely tone-deaf.
Another bit of flatulence from Colonel Saunders. Funny though that his articles about how islam is the ' religion of peace' seem to have dried up.
I would be ashamed to live in a state that felt it necessary to tell women they could not wear head scarves on the job. It's the very definition of pettiness.
That my comment has gotten under your skin with such little effort on my part gives me more pleasure that I can relay to you. Thank you. The bonus is that the quality of your comment proves Mill's point.
The 'new" ones that he reads off the teleprompter because his people have told him to do so? How long before he breaks free to be "himself" again? I give it 72 hours tops.
Bloomberg would jump in, too
The 'disease' is a populace so given over to the mantra of lower taxes that - for instance - Toronto has become the North American gridlock capital. It's mayor is a glorious product of the disease.
As well Canoutchie it wasn't "a void" that contributed to the second world war, it was the excessive war reparations. By the way, attach your proper name to your postings. Be a man.
He has been writing pieces for the globe and mail for sometime.....there was an article he wrote that was devoid of fact and full of fiction, yet, it was vetted by the G & M
Mark, Where do you see the 'news' on this channel? I only see them attacking other networks to make up for the fact that they actually don't have the resources to cover... you know, the news!
In all of us request?
What happened is Mulroney's so-called free trade agreement - close the branch plants and what do you have left?
Talk about a logical fallacy: no one is suggesting you should vouch for someone you don't know.
I'm a Christian and I'm offended by what Trinity Western is doing. Trinity Western is being intolerant. The mob doesn't want Christian blood. It's tired of bigotry passing as religious belief.
Do you forget that the budget was balanced when the Cons took office? Since then they have driven us a further $150 Billion into debt. How can the Cons stand up with a straight face and run on their economic history.
The G&M censors are working overtime deleting comments that don't agree with Khan. And the commie Alceste is threatening those who also don't believe what Khan writes to be reported to the RCMP.
Mustn't say anything politically incorrect, even if it's demonstrably true.
Then you are too young to remember Miller.
wont they just jack up the price of the internet to watch Netflix?
Still - the only way to get rid of Harper is for the Liberals and the NDP to unite Surely the very bright Thomas Mulcair must realize that himself - even if he can't admit it publicly - yet
We need more business to drive taxes and support re-election. More regulation is ant-business. This is what is known as a pair-o-ducks.
They do not listen to Harper. He doesnt even talk to them. Its the PMO and nothing else.
Common sense, not stereotyping.
Is 'base' the same as 'core'? I'm confused. wills 37
Corporations do not have more power than governments - our politicians and governance take sovereign precedence ! However if our political establishment ( such as in Ontariowe ) is basically incompetent no wonder we are in trouble !
Stupid and immature comment.
Are you read to go Trump and execute their families too? Uncles, nephews, and maybe their neighbours just to be sure?
A quick google search just revealed that there are CURRENTLY 22 world female leaders. Have some confidence. You are equal. This election had nothing to do with gender.
And will his new position come with a large salary and a chauffeured limiosine?
Hells ya. If you were an educated woman, would you stay there? No chance I would
Blunder Boy and the welfare state........Long live the Progressive Conservatives.
'But global conditions were worse throughout the stagflation of the 1970s when Pierre Trudeau was in power. 'Not even close
This is nonsense.
Apparently.
I thought Obama was elected in 2008. hahaha
Mostly to women. Words have meanings: Verb F is imperative, a commandHer is the object, 3rd personThis phrase means exactly 'Rape her!'If you don't get it, ask your mom if she'd laugh if you yelled this on live TV she was watching.
Lenny is Jewish boss. And while he may be very wise in the ways of the heart (and the heart on) .... finance is not really his deal. That's why you've been able to go see him warble his tunes at the ripe old age of 80ish
Your post could have been written by the great con, Trump himself.
excellent, Quinn is a complete dolt.
Hesitate on.
Speak of the devil... ht tp://www.theglobeandmail.com/life/why-steven-pinker-thinks-humans-have-never-had-it-so-good/article11874044/
Pierre Trudeau made homosexuality legal in Canada. Toronto City Council wants to make it mandatory. :-)
BTW, we could lay off a 1/4 to a 1/3 of all the police in Ontario and it would not effect public safety a tiny little bit.
You need to improve your English language skills. The first sentence is worthy of an 'F'
As almost everyone has pointed out, this 'endorsement' is an embarrassment to the paper. Have the guts to make an actual choice, boys.
Bismarck seemed to think so...
How many of our ancestors did not immigrate to this country?
Dusty; C'mon, be honest, you could not do your taxes before, quit blaming the math programs. A not-too-bright comment, no doubt by a not-too-bright Canadian.
Why should he pay for his nannies or apologize? I'll bet Harper didn't pay to have that limousine shipped to India. And Harper never apologized for anything during 9 years as far as I can recall.
and in other news.....see EKOS poll!!! Polls at this point mean NOTHING. I don't trust any of them.
Harper was quite correct,
I think it is time for you to grow up a bit. Any stifling of free speech, skin colour aside, is a loss of freedom. Are you saying that only those from minority groups are allowed to make public statements?
Good try Larry but Trump is no conservative. He's a populist.
Don't remember you. Obviously no one cared what you said.
middle class and White is no longer a privilege under Justin Trudeau have you not noticed? in fact it is a liability
The US is the seller you idiot.
So are you saying the 95% of Aboriginals that pay tax should have that compiled separately from the taxes everyone else pays and given back to them? Sounds like a plan.
This comment continually contradicts itself.
Margaret Wente has gone soft on racism, misogyny and xenophobia. There is no other way to say it.
Not if Israel can help it.
China is not part of that deal .
Quebec has about much connection to Paris, France as Toronto does to London, England. ie. NONEBut they'll happy use you for cannon fodder in their Imperial wars if you want to volunteer.
But the happiness is transient. They'll find themselves in their thirties with nothing, forced to support themselves on menial jobs, without social skills or many friends.
The large number of advance voters prevented an overload on election day, which would have resulted in many many voters being disenfranchised. Or maybe that's what the money & power elites hoped for?
Funny, if Mill were critiquing his own comment, he would say "Why is that so 'obvious and undeniable'? Because I said so?" Pfft.
discovery learning? what are these countries using for math education taiwan korea singapore hong kong india do the same
Isn't the whole reason they do it because it is brutal and demoralizing? Even if you outlaw it isn't the alternative to kill/murder these women instead of rape them? I'm not sure what this does or how to do it. War is brutal that's the whole point.
Michael Chong would be an excellent choice. What he doesn't need is liberal columnists writing glowing articles about him!
Mister is my name.--And another thing: get off my lawn you damn kids! And turn down that blasted music! And pull up your pants! And you know, back my MY day...
What you hear is laughing....
Like Yogi Berra said'It ain't over til it's Over'.Lok for an October surprise to help Trump.
As usual shaunmarine, your post makes more sense than most others.
The green energy scam artist of the world and all those who have given to the Clinton foundation millions are sweating it out. Bye bye Marxist!!!
Diversity is our strength. That is the Newspeak language of Multiculturalism. In reality, there is no strength in diversity. It fractures a nation.
Pot, kettle, black...
Hi axel53 - that quaint belief you have there was held by such notables as the luminaries in pre-Robespierre France.
I hope for your sake that your na?vet? is feigned.
No need to celebrate these tricksters and sloganeers. Put Kouvalis and Harpo's Soudas at sea on the rotting Captain John boat. It would solve several problems at once.
People have a right to be stupid. They have a right to be angry too. While Trump is a phoney and poor choice, all people in power should take note. The natives are restless.
That was my point, Homey.
Typical Liberal. Doesn't accept any other point of view.
We get it. You don't like it here. Yet you keep posting in articles about it. Why?
You get a quality big mac from minimum wage employees. How about a smaller rounding error and pay Senators the same wage? The constitution does not mention a wage for Senators. At McDonalds they have a real job too.
All people should be naked before their citizenship ceremony. That is the only way we can be sure they are not bringing anything into this country that we would forbid.
He's a fool for putting US interests first and blowing off that annoying flea, Harper?
Oh please... Taxes are high because the Gov't can make money off the lucrative sales. If we were to follow your logic then all fast food, processed food, and junk food would be taxed heavily d/t health issues they cause.
Give it a years tops before the sales slump on it again (if that long)
The US is waging a
You are one of those who believes in conspiracy theories
He's truly is a spoon fed rich kid who just isn't ready! Yes rase the price of gas at the pump to save the planet, sure!!!!!Nothing to do with feeding the status quo with billions of are hard working tax dollars!
That's true
@happy29 Not that I've read the report and would really know one way or the other, but wouldn't doctors be one of the groups to profit the most from privatized health care?
Amusing. I wouldn't know lonely if I tripped over it. It's a big world, full of amazing things and wonderful people. If you can only enjoy it being married - that's sad.
Yes, the Globe endorsed the Conservatives in the last election. http://www.theglobeandmail.com/opinion/editorials/the-tories-deserve-another-mandate-stephen-harper-doesnt/article26842506/
What xenophobic behaviour are you referring to? Are you suggesting that outside of the offices of La Presse, Gagnon is a racist who hates what ethnic group exactly? Or is is something else you are trying to infer? Frankly I don't follow your post.
We have a responsibility to protect even the most disgusting, degenerate people while they are in our prisons. To do otherwise is torture or murder by another name. At least have the balls/ovaries to call for it openly.
Are you kidding? Mackay, the most incompetent of the incompetants, please no!
It's common everywhere in Europe to see soldiers / police in full war paint. It isn't on beaches full of tourists.
Thumbs down all you want until your thumbs are sore. He is the best Prime minister at this time for Canada. He will be re elected with a smaller majority which is normal after a party had been in power for a long period of time.
I would think she gets paid by the comment count might be a rational speculation about her motives for writing such junk. In that regard she is successful.
...you must of missed the primaries, where her vote share exceeded Obama's...and let's not forget, that from 2012 850 polling stations were closed, and laws changed, disenfranchising 100's of thousands if not millions of minority voters eh!...
'The public has spoken, ' - Really? How? We never had a referendum on this issue.
https://www.facebook.com/TheAmericanDogParty/videos/365759700437993/Michael Moore on Trump. he doesn't hold back.
Sounds like some paranoid whinge. Where are the link to these tainted marijuana studies?
'Bookmark that video. Watch it often. 'You should've supplied a link to that video.
We should celebrate the achievements of these flawed men and women while recognizing that their views were of a piece with their contemporaries and culture.
Maybe the author could explain why the wealthiest gulf states are doing so little to help the Syrian refugee crisis while the west is expected to take in millions of them.
I want to see a boxing match between Justin and Putin. 10 rounds.
She has been peevish in the past, but I didn't see that this time.
That is Mr. Harper to you, Damocles. Shame on you for employing such schoolground tactics. But then again, it does reveal your intellect (or whatever it is that you excuse for rationale thought).
Yes, when Skynet becomes self-aware . . .
Oh you know it.
As a Harper supporter, I wouldn't be so quick to alert the people to what treason is. Harper would have to be among the first to be charged.
quite right; Chretien yelling at the Bloc did nothing to undermine it, the Liberals failed totally at that, losing all support in QCthen, in 2011 the NDP reduced the Bloc from 44 seats to 4;so, whose tactic is successful??
Humour, like everything else in our society now, is subject to a social/political filtre, and if it does not agree with the Required Narrative, will have to stand before the Court of Star Chambers.
search tar sands devastation and see for your self
Napoleon: never interfere when your enemy is busy destroying himself ...
I think he's more upset that 20 something women, his preferred demographic, will be embarrassed to be seen with him. Anybody seen with him will be assumed to be into BDSM.
By touching that nest, this company has likely killed the eaglets. The eggs will probably be abandoned when they arrive. And what is your response to that?
Alexander; One thing you are not brilliant at is quick deductions. I do not hail from Alberta.
You say it like its a bad thing ...
> I don't think it is as much a matter laying blame as it is of recognition. Agreed. So why is an apology required?
Good on Sweden!!!!!!!!!
Marijuana is not allopathic medicine.
@cnpp So are you suggesting they should be thankful it was the Europeans that decimated their populations, stole their land and tried to wipe out their culture?
Germany has been attacking Muslims/Arabs for decades. Germany started the exchange by joining the US in attacking Afghanistan, now Syria.
You seem to forget that Ford has a women (sic) companion. She's called 'his wife'. Somehow he still seems to be snuggling up to drug dealers though.
Simple fix: just avoid Twitter entirely.
The alternative of letting the victim determine punishment doesn't work all that well either. It's why we have laws and judges. It's why politicians shouldn't be permitted to make laws to improve their chances of re-election.
Another ridiculous comment. The likelihood of another Valdez is virtually nil. Single hull tanker forty years ago with no navigation technology. Try thinking practically...
The problem is all parties will put their interests first. How about having this decided by someone other than the parties which have too much power as it is.
Corrupt politicians are everywhere in this country my friend!
Fear and hatred of the other are always powerful forces.
Well, it's better than endorsing Chairman Chow. So there's that.
Ironic that you call this "overwhelmingly rejected" when a similar level of popular support elects majority governments in the FPTP system.
You have a great sense of humour.
what a load of garbage. the western lunatic fringe took us all on a ride under harpers machiavellian manipulations. the rest of us westerners are finally seeing through it and are sickened by it.
Thanks Comrade.
Fact is - rail cars are being bought, but the route is not through Rupert. Also - the risk of rail car spill is greater than that of pipeline spill.
The Palestinians deserve better leadership. Oh, I forgot. Their leaders are terrorists. On the other hand, they have the leadership that they deserve.
You are so 2014 lol
'Global Warming' was HOT for a while, but lately it has COOLED OFF.
If it's going to zero, let's burn it all! Cheap electricity, love it.
Speaking of bit players, when did you make your first billion
Instead of your constant pontificating, could you instead please determine some way to cut your CO2 emissions by 95%, and then share that method with the rest of the world?
After the annointment of Ignatieff and the all but unopposed coronation of Paul Martin, the Liberals wanted to present the appearance of a real leadership contest.
Margaret, it's not because you're a senior. It's because of your bigoted stance on transgender children.
Putin light perhaps?
Here we have GlynnMhor claiming the poor do benefit more [but undeservedly is implied] from a carbon tax and old taxpayer claiming they will get short-changed by carbon taxes. I think they just make up their arguments on both sides.
Willad87, These people are blinded by partisanship even when it comes to Arabs trying to dictate our policy. They make me puke.
ROTFLMAO!! I guess you didn't read any of the links I posted to back up my facts, eh ROOTIN? Thanks for validating this . . http://samuel-warde.com/2014/03/scientific-proof-liberals-smarter/ (Get someone to read it to you, toots!) (LOL) ?
Harper, Baird, et al are ideologically blinded by their Reform roots. Long story short: don't expect smart moves from dumb guys.
Another left wing tax grab masquerading as a concern for the health of others. I am quite capable of making my own diagnosis and decisions for my self. I don't need dogooders like Kathleen Wynne telling me what is good or bad for me.
Why would someone vote against the police getting to the bottom of it?
Suprising that he's got such an acute sense of humour, isn't it?
Back to flailing at (non-political) windmills again, eh Maggie?
No coup. It's just the realization that buyer's remorse has set in.
I have not read his defense, but using that phrase is in extremely bad taste all by itself.
Rifleman1010 has decided that once Qu?bec is independent it will tie itself to USA. Such an impatient folk to rule how Qu?bec will manage it's affairs. Calm down or take a valium. It works on stress.
Or maybe just realistic. The West can't take in all of the Third World, which is what would happen if Germany's 'come on all in!' invitation were to stand.
king's man has been thumbed down by progressive leftists supporting Russia and Assad Shame
Thanks for bringing some facts into this. I saw that video too. Ruth Ellen Brosseau owes the PM an apology.
Not every anxiety, just most if not all the rational ones.
No, that's not anything like what happened.
Well said!!
Nothing would surprise me with this guy in power.
Richard - a breath of fresh air !Please write for the G&M - they need help !
Ha ha ha ha. You're really taking the mickey out of these people. Some crazy person actually up voted that comment.
You cant make big screen tvs from birch bark
Immigrants. Next question.
Did Jack tell you your polling station had changed and that he was representing Elections Canada?
These are assertions, not arguments. Show your work.
In an oil rich country like Canada - why do we have poor people living on the streets?
Just have an ' Average weight ' then the people below average get a disscount & the people above average pay more . Extra Baggage = extra cost . Why should lighter weight people subsidise heavier people ???
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
A self-fulfilling statement. Incredible.
The Trump base: the people who 'don't get it.'
Women initiate 75% of divorces. It's not men who abandon commitment.
Sorry it's no concern of mine, never was and never will be
We have a PM that isn't doing much of anything. Maybe the UN could offer him a job.
You're joking, right? about the Israel and Hamas thing?
Money does not grow on trees, folks. Luckily, the subway trees mayor Ford planted will start blooming any day now...
This is the Chewbacca Defense of political endorsement - confuse the readers so much that their heads explode with incredulity. Not buying it, Globe. Not for a second.
Take Cuba over as a new Cunaba.
Misogynist alert.
They will.
Less than 30% of Albertas budget is balanced upon resource revenue
Western governments are enabling Ukraine's head-in-the-sand stance.
Getting a broken arm set in Ontario - FreeGetting a broken arm set n Niagara Falls New York - a few hundred bucksChoose your poison.
I don't recall harper demonizing the ad for the Canadian Wheat Board but then you lefties always make things up as you go along.
Technically.
Putin is shrewd, and he got Crimea to join Russia with no military intervention.
Being clean shaven isn't the same. If a female MP showed up in the HOC in jeans and a tank top it would be inappropriate. Same thing for Mulcair. A beard is O.K on hipsters and bikers. Not someone aspiring to Canada's highest office.
Yesterday's LaPresse column: http://www.lapresse.ca/debats/chroniques/yves-boisvert/201501/14/01-4834951-contre-le-delit-dopinion.php
So says Mark Shore the resident G&M green energy in Ontario cheerleader. How's that working out for the people of Ontario?
If Democrats were doing this and a GOP president was in the White House, they would be accused of treason and arrested.
same holds true for isolation of genders in public swimming pools, based on 'religious beliefs'
Oh let's not discuss Conrad Black and the actuality that he should be sent back to his chosen land as he is a convicted individual yet the Conbots/ corporatists turn a blind eye to such !!
Oddly, I don't trust you.
Baird is such an embarrassment to Canada, with his style of diplomacy doing this country more harm than good. Ironically for him, the Israelis are laughing at him for being such an easy dupe.
Who cares.
Waste of space that reply.
It's a relief that there is still some check on Harper.
The Hungarian way, just use one single third person pronoun, easier.
That's a red herring Steven. We live in a larger, colder country than China, with approximately 1/50th the population. If you want to play games with numbers, let's compare our emissions per square mile.
What is unborn doesn't exist.
So...now it looks like this is going to pass. BUT...and its a big one. If the feds don't kick in actual money by January, this will come back to council for review. The province isn't going to accept those terms.
@El Duque 2 Speed-typing is not recommended when posting comments. Some corrections to my earlier comment. "Concusive" should read "conclusive" "Russi" should read "Russia" "invoved" should read "involved"
Hmmm, I wonder if they'll be another Harper endorsement in 2015......
Hillary worships Lucifer.
I think you need to read the fine print on all those trade deals.
Only Canadians need to comment. If your allegiance is a tribal association is with Israel please move there to fight your battles.
It has always been a knowledge economy, except on the reserves and the Brazilian jungle.
Thanks for a common sense editorial.
.'a federal government that has been indifferent to their plight.'-An accurate description of the Republican Congress.
you sleep at night because of the drugs you take during the day.
That's a good thing if you mean the end of Harper style leadership.
Since it is taking 5-7 years for most teachers to get full time employmnent, there are very few teachers now a days getting a full pension at 55. There may be some retiring at that age but not on a full or maximum pension payout.
This guy is a zionist
During a time of hell-on-earth financial crises around the globe? I'm by no means a Harper government supporter, but I think that it was $180 billion well spent.
Don't forget Israel is right next door... no offer from them yet. Are they to just sit back and watch someone else to the work? No land in it for them I guess....
China has become a basket case of sorts... but I don't think the government cares. If China collapses the government will blame capitalism and hang a few people and open the ghost cities for the disgruntled masses.
And Washington!
Interesting comment, the Liberals are at 48% in the polls, 8% higher than on October 19th.
And take Kathleen Wynne and bimbo boy Trudeau with you.
Sounds good to me.
and who was in office when he was first arrested? Hmmm was it Chrieten or Martin. Both did nothing to get him out, but Harper is the bad guy? The very least you dippers should be painting all three with the same brush.
Not sure what your simple minded comment has to do with this article.
Saunders revealed himself to harbour racial biases in his last column. I think his columns should have trigger warnings.
Obviously written by a true Liberal awaiting his turn on the government gravy train!
I'd love to see your comment posted as the lead on front pages of news outlets, on network news programs and online news media. Including the Globe & Mail.
Thank you for such a fine article! I particularly listen up to the parallel between raw anger and raw empathy.
Actually you could more often than not if it was handwriting and not typing.
Why do you have to live right downtown?
Of course they would.
I believe the Koch brothers give money to the Fraser Institute.
Let's hope they never want a 'winter' Olympics.
The speech balloon above her head had to be saying 'Why does he get that great hair for free and I spend a fortune on mine',while her pancake make up was holding on for dear life.
Interesting point FC.
This has all been a great exercise in how to whip up a crisis where none exists.
Roberto - the constitution is the 'supreme' law of Canada and while it was last rewritten in 1982, it is a changing thing. It is not just something written or dealt with by old white men 180 years ago.
'''The Israeli snipers ( male and female) had a reputation for a lack of patients.''''Perhaps you are thinking of Israeli army doctors.
Now, now, let's keep the reasonableness to a minimum on here please.
But we have very similar problems. Wear a star of David at York or Ryerson and see how well you're received
No worse Trump doesn't need to spend money on them.
"Lookit these deals at Walmart, Ethel!" Well, this is what happens when you rely on consumers without jobs. www. ft.com/cms/s/0/cbcb3f9e-d640-11e5-8887-98e7feb46f27.html#axzz42z8eblPj
'Progressive' as in common usage simply means 'leftist'It no longer has anything to do with PROGRESS
Maybe after the DNC. There may be some juicy stories from Philadelphia that need some daylight.
What 'unscientific position' are you referring to?
NO, but a lot of them have been treated.
I don't know diddly about election campaign dynamics, how the parties decide on winning strategies, etc.... but I do know that the Liberal Party is MIA. They don't seem to care, either. How's that going to impact the other parties now?
Men choose life when they willingly participate in the only activity that creates it. Murder is murder.
Very few, orders of magnitude less in fact, and rarely were they conscripted.
Good point.
RolandX I am not an atheist but close AND YES Religion Divides US, Nature Unites Us http://thehouseoftripper.com/Nature/
Work. Is that the same Sweden that has just experienced five nights of race riots??
Doubtful - they will have some more assistand professors explain it all to the great unwashed who have to deal with the real world.
That's right, egdusa, you can't liberty without a gun in your hands. You can't show personal responsibility without firepower. What utter nonsense!
Yo can be sure if the Russians had 30,000 of Trumps emails and communications, the Dems would be salivating to get their hands on them. To heck with decorum or privacy or any of that protocol. . It would be a feeding frenzy .
'In the West, bitter talk of alienation and estrangement is all but gone.'What planet are you on? It's never been worse!
This 'writer' is another reason I so desperately want Trump to win. Can't wait to see the horrific look on the face of the MSM when Trump win it all.
They think the chemicals are mind controlling agents.
Thirty-eight percent of those who were waiting and expecting the cheque. Much lower amongst the general population. Read several accounts to get the whole picture.
Easily said by a guy from BC, where the entire economy is propped up by absurd housing prices kept high through unbridled foreign investment and obscene real estate industry donations to elected officials.
If we just give ISIS hugs, they'll be nice to us. Even though we're infidels.
One last kick. Let the union toady dream!
Good one, thanks, dagn38.
I have been occasionally solicited by the Globe&Mail to subscribe to their hard copy edition. And I have consistently refused! The reason is clearly illustrated in this sycophantic right wing defence of Harper in the guise of a critique.
You are correct not sure why the thumbs down
Or up by 3%.
I don't believe Harper ever manhandled anyone in the House, so your comment is irrelevant.
hard core separatists who stay in Canada...?and what does 'arrogant to a distraction' actually mean? vraiment!!! You sound a little anti-francophone to me. Perhaps if Justin changed his last name to Waterhole you'd vote for him lol.
We have a mayor who is worse than absent or incompetent. He is willfully destructive. Sort of like a monkey flinging its own feces at the visitors.
The Globe and Mail editorial board deserves thanks for drawing the attention of Canadians to the complexity of family law.
Muslim who are able to live in secular society and integrate into society threw marriage and hold Western values aren't a concern. Sharia as law with-in the borders of a secular society doesn't work.
Let's go in the opposite direction. Bring on the Hunger Games, where success is amazing and failure is definitely your fault.
The fact that the US opposes it unintentionally gives it credibility.
Just looked at the link. Impressive and missed opportunity.
The military is a contractual 24/7/365 job. They deserve what they get for their service... the rest? not so much
the significant difference between the Ontario and federal elections is that he NDP provincially were never leading in the polls like the party was federally. That always changes your strategy.
G&M's new comment format sucks. Too hard to engage in a discussion and too hard to find your own comments.
Liberal party agenda. raise taxes. increase spending pad our pockets screw the middle class
Bias? You do know which party this and most other newspapers endorsed in the last election? And it wasn't Liberals.
I cannot speak for either but I know I would be better, or my mom, wife, or the neighbour three houses down the street
We'll their not talking about JT and Paul Martin rubbing shoulders and pushing for tax the rich. Martin a one term pm who left in disgrace over add scam and offshore tax evasionJT show simple isn't ready!
Don't set yourself up as being so special. Evangelical, Anglican, Presbyterian, Catholic, Muslim, Hindu, Shamanism, Buddhist, Sun Worshipers and Kardashian Fans. It makes no difference. They are all equally worthless.
The Harpocon boilershop is working overtime tonight!
Is the government partisan, or is it viewed as partisan by partisan eyes? The health professionals agree to join the government to send out messages about the harm of marijuana. They retreated after some comments. What a sad day!
Straight up Simpson is one of the best columnists regarding real issues bar none.
Silly stupidperson! I bite my thumb in your general direction. Your father was a meter maid and your mother a toilet brush.
Another option would be for the Minister of Finance Joe Oliver in a TV debate with the Liberal's Ralph Goodale, and the NDP Finance critic. One subject to be discussed for an hour of so....'finance and the economy'.....
Who knows or really cares when the election is called. What I would like to know is what can Justin Trudeau possibly have done in his short, uninspiring lifetime to fill the pages of a book.
Right on The Last Truthbender. There are people posting in favour of Canada fighting and killing in the Middle East and complaining about being attacked!!!! Canada is so wrong on this one.
I thought Hillary was their role model, no?
https://www.skepticalscience.com/skeptic_Roy_Spencer.htm
Yet again, nothing to say on topic.
Frankensteve is defeating himself.
Well, I was no where near your place.
Wow Citizen 1. Give your head a shake. No harm has been done? 'Daddy what is crack and why does the mayor smoke it?'
Exactly LC The Liberals are back which was all that mattered to them in the first place. Getting My Canada Back wasn't a political vision - it was a campaign slogan - a very effective one at that.
Its an easy thing to hide when no one wants to look. Most German citizens were asking the same question in 1945/1946
Only because she cannot read.
A federalist New Democrat crossing the floor to the nationalist Bloc could happen, of course, on the day that hell freezes over and Brian Mulroney pleads guilty to graft.
the dems debates are fantasy island
Putin may (as a statesman) want to take credit for Russia's entry. as his legacy. Merkel is a failure compared to such as Metternich and Bismarck. She's a Pentagon puppet, even uses their phones. 
WW doesn't have a clue.
Like she ever cleaned anything in her life - a champagne socialist has "people" for that!
Prime Minister Marc Garneau. Liberal heads popping.
Clueless from Halifax still is.
My company works regularly with OPG and I can attest they have improved a great deal over the past 10 years. They still have serious problems they need to fix but it is getting better.
Quis custodiet ipsos custodes?
Glad you got that off your chest. It did not take courage. JT wants to be in the spotlight and look like he can relate to others. I suspect when things go terribly wrong this will be his excuse as it seems is yours.
Maybe, but don't try to force it on everyone else.
Best post on here.
It seems the more rabid CON supporters are upset that fire is now being used to fight fire.
Yes Moe - and we've missed your own little ray of sunshine ever since!
'The jury is out on the effect of the Conservative assault on Justine Trudeau, but the technique has been a winner in the past.'Hmmmmmmmm
apologies i omiitted a 'd ' and a 'v '
Thank God someone else besides me noticed.
Excellent column: civil, democratic and showing values that can be identified with Canada and Canadians (including humour). So much better that the back-biting, mean-spirited columns written by some others in the G&M. Well done!
This is complete nonsense! Thanks for coming out.
There could be some delicious blow-back on Harper in all of this, particularly given how his cronies (Levant, Tenyeke) work for PKP and Fox News North. Turns out their right wing point man in Quebec is a separatist. Oh, the horror!
Someone passed on that first year logic class in university, didn't they?
The author never said that anyone should be ashamed to be white. But white males (I am one of them) run the show. That is a fact. We just need to be reminded that others face barriers that we don't have to climb over.
Police are unionized .Enough said..
Hudak looks very good from hindsight.
If CBC is the cultural glue that holds the country together, why all the attacks on Alberta and everything conservative?
GO CANADA GO!
I will find another airline next time.. I didn't know this... I want a Canadian-trained pilot flying my plane if at all possible...
Another #3.
If Quebec wants to stay or go that's up to them, but no more special privilege and funding, Canada is a land of equals.
And you'll be there to carry his bags and kiss his behind.
Of course ISIS can be defeated militarily. It just needs a large enough force willing to go in and wipe them out. There doesn't seem to be that willingness probably because the cost in lives would be too great.
Canadians will always support committing our troops to just causes. What looses votes is governments who abandon their commitments to our troops when they return home.
You are expecting the eastern based MSM to understand anything outside of their Toronto base? Don't be silly!
Mr. Poilievre cannot even defend his false election act.
You want in? Call me.
All of this over how a scarf is used.. Hermes should be making a fortune..!
Did he ride in on the Calgary horse that got 'drunk' in Regina last week at the Grey Cup?
Your statement was correct 20 years ago, as well. And will be 20 years from now.
Please give a detailed list of ways that Trudeau is similar to TrumpYou cannot
That quote was from 1993. Over the past few days I've noticed many of those who would never otherwise quote Jackson on anything have been digging it up, for some reason.
Any idea where the Kidney Foundation donations end up? My guess would be Value Village, which is a for-profit foreign-owned corporation.
Hidden cameras repeatedly (in the past) showed women getting out of traffic violations when turning on the waterworks... I have had girlfriends tell me that they count on it...
yes, and worse
She might be high onthe intelluctual level certainly rock bottom on commonsense. At the end of the day it always surprising how so many supposedly intelligent people can be so stupid...
What an ill-informed comment. On what do you base your assumption that the student is a Muslim? It is much more likely that he is an Orthodox Jew and such separations are permitted in Israel.
ts are essentially opportunists. They vote for the party, which appeases them. Only when they attain critical mass, they may go to their conservative roots.
Your analysis is ludicrous.
Lise Doucette from New Brunswick is a top journalist internationally, but SHE is with Auntie Beeb
We're already a banana republic. It's called NAFTA. And when the TPIP comes in that's the final nail in the coffin. We'll all be slaves after that.
I'm not surprised you don't - libs don't respect democracy
Why, it is all true.
So Waldo wnats Canada to become an International arms supplier? Wow
A message to Oilebertan Kochpugnican spammers. Eat it !!
'There is no such thing as society' - Margaret Thatcher.
steve offer this guy a senate seat?
What on earth are you smoking?
Merci, M. Savoie.
Indeed, just look at the Clintons!
Don't forget some also consult with the scientists at the National Post Research Centre, or have joint appointments there.
Just google PALLYWOOD .I take it all with a grain of salt. Been fooled too many times I'm afraid.
Damned by faint praise.............
so instead we will load the tax breaks to the upper middle class in a crass vote-buyer scheme.
I don't think that reflects the Mirvish track record. Yes a strong element is a permanent mark on the city and 'immortality' but I do not think the big motivator is 3 more zeros on the bank balance.
Very much so and as well as cultural standards I think you also mean moral standards.
We really needed Margaret's two cents on this complicated matter.......
Friends of mine spent 40 years in the US, and came back ---- Why not ask why so many Americans flock in droves to Canada. Is it because they see the differences and the REAL value.
you know being a lawyer isn't just working in a courtroom? we draft depositions and tribunal guidelines and interview clients and witnesses, research cases and manage and train newcomers... I mean, I know TV is not a good indication of the world outside the basement
You are only entitled to what you pay for yourself.
And in a similarly vapid vein... you might feel different also if your brother or friend or mother or child or spouse or cousin or beloved neighbour died from asbestos exposure.
I said he speaks for MOST of us. Too bad you're in the minority.
And you think they are incapable otherwise. Have a nice death.
Edit, Abbreviation for Nebraska is 'NE', not NB.
bagelUnquestioned rightNeither should tax breaks.
How gallant of you.
You should be ashamed of that comment. It is utterly ignorant.
Just another media weasel. Why the f should we care?
Right. It is far worse. This is government money going to liberal cronies. It is third world style graft and kickbacks.
I agree. There is too much emphasis on tax reduction as the panacea for economic success.
Simpson is on top of the environmental file, and has co-authored a book on the recent history of activity in that area - it's just that he isn't up to posting reasons for the growing need for proactive intervention. Not in a business publication.
Trump is completely self absorbed, and probably megalomaniac. Even Mitch McConnell is now saying that Trump had better find a knowledgeable running mate- because he 'doesn't understand the issues"
I love Donuts. Just could do without the sugar.
Sorry to be so blunt Ontario but you're screwed.
By definition then, you appear to be a disciple of said fallacy.
NOT over yet
Milt, it may not work for every single person on the planet, but it did wonders for me. Exercise and a healthy diet brought down my weight and vastly improved the quality of my life.
Don't bother. Most of our universities have become diploma mills where many course are taught by non-tenure track faculty or graduate students. There's a likelihood that your studies will be interrupted by strikes.
I'd like to hear Margaret's answer too.
how cynical ! Brown said he did not send out the letter Until you have proof that he did this is mischief and conspiracy theory
Excellent comment.
Boogeyman3, where have you been hiding... Rob Ford place? I haven't seen your trolling spew for awhile. Now, go back to your spaced-out world and do whatever you do.
Here's the chance for Al Qaeda to move off Earth and on to Mars. No need to fight any more. There's a whole new planet to live on.
@ Rogue Chimp: The idea could not be any worse than the current disaster which can't get much lower
What nonsense. // ..
Spin as you like. The undeniable fact is, Ontario has been "transformed" from a giver to a beggar after the 11-year ruthless abuse committed by the incompetent and yet very corrupted Liberals and Wynne is the worst of the worst, the rotten one.
IF the past is the road to nowhere - then let's settle land claims and let everyone get on with their future. And if the past is so bad, why does the Federal Harper Government keep trying to take us back to our Royal British Past?
There are some people always looking for a conspiracy of some sort.
In Vancouver it is the 3/4 tonne diesel pickups.
Raping Russia is Putin's job. Don't be so jealous.
Good article. So, should we then set tax rates by the number of employee's versus the gross revenue?
Srt of like when the Berlin Wall came down? Good idea!
Saving Canadian democracy from ideological eco-fascists will be the number one priority.
I assumed that the leading comments would take the retarded and predictable tack which they have indeed taken.
Interesting that this 'advice' doesn't in any way recommend actually telling the truth, or accepting the consequences of your actions.
Zealots of any ideology, religious or secular, make everyone else's life miserable.
Disgusting? Sorry that you had to see what has actually happened.
so much truth here. So much.
Frankly she is a no buddy that no one has heard of before. Having a lady in the WNBA come out would be the same as my aunt coming out - no one cares because no one knows who she is.
Does this help?: http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-31502863
harper has been doing that from day one. Never my fault Steve and his band of 20% sheep just keep on putting your head in the sand.
That's the problem, these nincompoops aren't embarrassed. They're patting themselves on the back as saviours of the planet when in fact they have done nothing that will affect the climate and plenty that will crumble our economy.
Hey, Jetson, didn't you hear? All these Canadian armchair generals are demanding of their MPs that Canada put an army division and an air wing in South Korea. You know, someday.
That a legendary paranoid control freak could be kept in the dark as Mr Wright claims beggars belief. Harper knew or should have known.
Canfan asked for some stats. I posted some FBI stats that I googled. How do stats get a thumbs down? Are FBI stats part of some greater racist conspiracy?
your post confirms what ever liberal thinks, since others did the corruption its ok for you to do it,, by the way, its the job of the PARTY to do fundraising not the government and justin is using government for fund raising, while harper never did.
Yes, that's right. In Mirvish's opinion, our Mickey Mouse laws on historic preservation are trivial compared with the need to showcase Gehry's brilliance and Mirvish's glory.
Buddy, no one cares about your Cons anymore. They're done... yesterday's newspapers. Soon to be polling below 15% in terms of popularity
The Pope has not only spoken against child rape he has also acted: over 400 priests have been removed from priesthood!
obviously you have no understanding of taxes, and business. The magnitude of these savings would'nt even pay for the MARS building
I don't think that Trinity takes tax money. It's a private institution.
'Quote' his tweet? That's your standard for accuracy?
God Bless Stephen Harper for his support of this school for criminals.
This government is a phoquing disaster...
Very well expressed and totally on point
A pig or a cow doesn't know it's not a pet. And a dog doesn't know that you won't eat it for dinner.
Well, since he was already convicted in the media court that was the expectation for many.
Fair enough. But arguing sovereignty every election ensures that all the other issues are not important with disastrous effects on the economy.
You might treat a serious issue in a serious manner, rather than just spewing typical right-wing BS.
Yes, this story is about anything but 'big data' The NSA is about 'big data'
According to Harper, Layton and Emery it was Paul Martin's soft approach to Liberalizing pot.
Good question.
I think it is time for that Conservative puffin which crapped on Mr.Dion's shoulder in one of the Conservative classless attack ads COMES AND CRAPS ON HARPER'S HEAD!!!
Dreaming again are we.
Nothing in this column warrants such a snotty response about the author or his wife.
As always Wente cheerleads for the indecent.
Abedin testified under oath that she had handed over all of her devices that could hold emails relevant to the investigation into Ms Clinton's private email server. She lied.... Comey had no choice in the matter
don't like Canada and it's tradition and laws. Lots of other countries to move to and mooch off the social security teat.
I don't know what you do for a living, but if you think $75K is going to attract the best and brightest of the young educated work force, you are out of touch.
Wente just told us that 'the king is naked, and he is not wearing any clothes'. How intolerant is tolerance!
Tim is the voice of Ontario's Chamber of Commerce.
With so much dangerous and irresponsible speculation coming out of the social sciences for the last 100 years, Wade's reasoned thoughts on the genetic basis for human cultural evolution should be widely welcomed.
Thank God for that. I'm sure the Hip would be a more exciting event.
When you are dialoguing, there is a chance of some agreement. If you are not talking, there is no chance. Iran and the Artic are the latest example of Canada missing in action on the world stage.
Chuck, you'll have a hard time negotiating the release of anyone when you talk like that.
Oh dear, have the MRAs come out already? This woman is in Vanier, meaning she's being held on remand, meaning that she is legally innocent.
Look up the definition of 'neo-con"
Syria invited Russia in. That's a world away from US invasions.
Mel, this is an adult discussion. Get somebody to press play on your Dora the Explorer DVD for you.
Now the joke of the world Drama Queen will meet only with the Queen, Queen to Queen of course
One can be an atheist but respect the beliefs of others.
Right.'It's a hell of a thing to kill a man...'And it's a hell of an easy thing with supersonic bombing jets, smart bombs, and drones.
I can't comment on what the administrative structure of greater Detroit should or should not be, but what I will say AF514 is that you owe everything you have, everything you have accomplished or ever will acomplish to others.
Can I assume you were vehemently opposed to the Toronto District School Board's decision to implement its own form of apartheid but instituting a black only school? So far, no one seems upset by this.
JIM5339: If you remember Trudeaumania, dad proved that anybody can run Canada. Into massive debt if nothing else. Canada has not yet recovered from that episode. We now have a hairdo dynasty....the little Justins will get their chance in time.
She's triple cross and carries Iranian, Canadian and Irish passports. Take you choice. The Iranians chose that of Iran, where she was born and grew up.
and you would be one of them.
The original strain of Con plague started in 2006 and became particularly virulent in Toronto in 2010. I'm hoping for an effective vaccine in 2014-2015.
capitalism is great until you run out of other people's resources to steal and bombs to defend your right to steal.
A judge says she can wear the niqab during the ceremony.
The barbarians are already inside the gate and Trudeau wants to let more of them in.
Can we actually see an accounting breakdown? Are there still some exemptions, and can we see which they are? The whole process seems shady from the outside.
Sure, let's just take away everybody's Charter rights using the 'reasonable limits' clause. After all, no Charter right is immune, right Demento?
Sandia. Plastic is much more difficult to recycle and usually ends up further down the recycling chain. Aluminum is one of the easiest materials to recycle.
Mark.. please read the article again. You will note the quotes of supposed experts Phil Jones and R. Pactauri. You need to make more of an effort in your rebuttals.
I have stopped buying the Sun as of today. I will get my for my daily Sudoku elsewhere. At 50 cents it was kind of expensive just for the puzzle
What happened to Geoff Mantler, RCMP Goon? Remember him? He kicked a compliant and prone man in the face and was caught on Camera. In the BC interior town of Kelowna? What is he doing? Last I heard he was suspended. Where is he now? Chief of Police?
Really? #fail - positively
Den, If you consider challenging sexism and discrimination to be a militant, hateful and vile thing to do.
It was one of the sub-themes of The Barbarian Invasions by Denys Arcand (and 2004 Oscar winner for best foreign film)Very prophetic for the Montreal Hospital scandal.
The U.S. is awash in oil and natural gas from the fracking revolution. See the last issue of The Economist. As usual, no one in Canada has the courage to acknowledge that KeystoneXL is dead. The U.S. does not need it.
All the more reason to increase cpp payroll deductions and include everyone including small business I was in small business and recognize the costs involved but everyone would be in the same boat
The state has no place in the bedrooms of the nation.
Socialists. The actual term is 'Watermellons'. Green on the outside and red on the inside.
What is 'a right to exist?' What does it mean in international law? Do Palestinians have a right to exist? Fact is ..it means nothing.
2014 calling.
I have read so many comments critical of most of Margaret Wentes articles. Now I understand.
Well said. These abductions are a crime against humanity, and all humanity should share the burden of liberating these girls and making an example of their captors.
I don't like big mean aggressive dogs, so I do what I can to avoid confrontation. If you don't want to deal with the police then don't commit crimes or provoke them. How hard can that be?
Yeah, stuff should be free. Do you have the t-shirt?
"His side of it? Absent fathers are crappy fathers." ------------------------- Right so a father in a post-2008 economy that travels a great distance to provide more for his family is absent, and therefore crappy. Amazing.
Rob, first of all, Steven Harper wasn't tossed aside in an election, he was tossed aside in a high school popularity contest. Big difference. Secondly, you should get some help. The anger in your writing indicates a problem.
Yes certainly in short supply from the Lieberals
What's the surprise? The surprise would be that the public wouldn't turn to a counterpart of the Obama type ultra liberal socialist nonsense. Trump is popular because the democrats are not close to the centre.
For more information, see http://www.cbc.ca/news/politics/grenier-uselection-polls-rigged-1.3808360
Just put each player in their own 'safe space' and then nobody will be able offend anybody. Sheesh.
Justin ain't my man... but *anything* is better than Harpoid.
People have rights under the Charter. Not institutions.
Tired of being overtaxed? Stephen Harper is the biggest tax n spend PM in Canada ever.
Telling the truth about Trump is considered 'lashing out' is it?
The freedom to do smart things also means the freedom to do stupid things. If you don't understand that, then you don't understand freedom.
Never trust the judgement of someone who has never tried pot.
Great idea! * Vancouver could do that too .
Silly me 747. I almost forgot. Canada... the best place in the world... And the happiest... and the highest use of antidepressants. Do you think there could be a correlation.
Ha! Love it.
The mayor's cooking the books is no surprise, he has lied his entire life about everything else so nothing new here, more people and institutions need to take this loser to task.
'illiterate, lazy, unskilled, uneducated zealots to a democracy'Words of hatred, rather than description of reality.
But is it false? I'm betting more than half of barristas have a university degree in the liberal arts. I have many friends who fit that bill.
What are you afraid of? put it to a vote. Our democracy demands it.
I have never seen such obfuscatory verbiage as when I cracked open my poor child's 'new math' textbook. The 'new math' is more like 'anti-math.' I am convinced it was written by somebody who in fact HATES math and seeks to undermine it from within.
It was delivered by the future Prime Minister of Canada, and he sounded like it!
Rogers and Bell love the fact the younger generation has gone wireless. Both make far more profit off the wireless access the younger generation are consuming than they do from highly regulated TV packages.
Hear Hear. Equalization payments need to be based on current earning power among provinces. It's not only due, it's overdue.
Harper? who is Harper? you mean the Prime Minister?
2Bodkin, Tony.'s posts are too well-reasoned to be Tony Clement. C.
No they can't. They choose their media material carefully. How do they cope with the illogic?
Yes Groucho said, 'I like my women warm amd my champagne cold'.
yep, thats why they fight back.
Black, exactly what do you suggest that the government should do? Be precise.
Why go to Harvard when you can graduate from Troll U in St. Petersburg.
'Our meddling'? This author really does need to read up on recent history. Canada stayed out of the American attack on Iraq. The current mess in that country has nothing to do with us.
It's okay. This is a good thing. If the lower court ruling is upheld at the Supreme Court level... we make a leap forward. See 'retired juggie's' comment above.
It's in the article. The Wildrose desires smaller government. That doesn't imply using tiny font on provincial letterhead, it means letting go public employees. "Letting go" means fired.
Adam Vaughan was not born into a wealthy family, and does not have millions of dollars at his disposal to spend on buying votes with a burger and a beer. And the voters in his ward vote for him anyways
So is the Globe endorsing 'Prime Minister Kenney'?
Justin Trudeau is his mother's son.
Crowds turned out for Hitler and Stalin too - and they still have their loyal supporters. Do you think that means they should still be in power? Opium for the masses. People will follow a blind pig. Yertle the Turtle.
it was a stupid comment made by an uninformed and very naive man.
Justin grovelling for a seat on the Security Councilis just playing the role of lap dog to the Great Powers with the veto
@progressive: those aren't the average schools though. the average american education experiance is CRAP. even the Americans admit it
Okay, I missed that. However, the quickest means to raising blood sugar, and by this logic, reducing hunger/increasing satiety, would be to eat pure glucose.
The ultimate incarnation of the LEAP manifesto was the actions of the Khmer Rouge when they took government in Cambodia in the 1970's.The cities were emptied of people who went out into the fields to farm and fish. Oh and millions perished.
Do you think it's for the same reason 'moderate' Muslims stand silent when Muslim terrorists attack?
Telling the truth? It certainly didn't work for Joe Clark.
Like the right to express opinions that have no basis in rational thought like yours? identical to my right to make fun of your opinion both guaranteed by the Charter.
@Progressive111 You are making the other conbot trolls look bad with all your researchyish quotization of factoids.
Were you 'spoiled' as a child. Oh! Pardon me for even daring to ask...
Okay, make that "write a book" Fingers don't always pay attention to the brain.
Sea to the Dea.... umm, EMERSON who was certainly bribed to cross with a cabinet position..... you say that's illegal??
Is there some debate about this? Please, someone justify for me Putin sending 15,000 troops and heavy military into the border to support insurgents looking to annex Ukraine in its entirety. How is this 'idiocy'? Are you people crazy?
It probbaly was written by the PMO, part of Ibbitson's path to his senate seat.
If you're talking about Rosie Barton, I echo your "please, not Rosie. Justice Rosie Abella on the other hand would be an excellent choice as Chief Justice.
This is so circular reasoning. Did a/c mean that summer suits became unnecessary, or but a/c discourage lightweight clothing (i.e. summer suits)?
and ... paused Carbon Tax....
The moment such vile swill as Sun TV forces its way onto my cable dial, I will cancel cable immediately.
So it appears, Edmond!
They resemble two leeches locked together each one trying to drain the lifeblood of the other.
Will Scotland join the EU before or after it collapses like a house of cards?
Critics. Everybody's a critic.
It's time to stand by our allies and help crush ISIL.
Really good post Jeff.
tell him that he should resign! we need less of these pigs feeding at the public trough thinking they are unaccountable: michael. duffy@sen.parl.gc.ca
Patience is a virtue.
[Sign me up for some despotic/undemocratic/kleptocratic leadership. ] From your postings, I could have sworn you already were a Con?
That's an excuse.
Groups that own property in sparsely populated areas get a huge profit windfall when the transit plan is in the hands of government.
how many of you are there? one person cannot speak for everyone else. I say yes, so that by its self debunks your comment.
'Communist Witch'? Oh boy. Take a chill pill, dude. You're making the Harper haters look reasonable and you don't want that, do you?
you must feel pretty stupid about now...........
get real... 6 CF 100's and 150 advisors on the ground can/t win a war.....Harpers feeble war attempt will never win the war with this effort... and of course, at the same time, make no effort to ameliorate the Refugee Crisis...
I am sure they are all "non-partisan" and totally unaware of any issues...
Wynne is starting to make that other crook Dalton Mcguinty look good.
That's an impressive .500 batting average.
Hey Firster What's the point in taking a poll of an impossible and unlawful 'Third' term POTUS ?
Hasbara alert - clinton trolls rolling through the GM.
Canada: Helping those who want to die before they're born and when they should. Only half of this statement shows that Canada is merciful.
Deficit is in the DNA of NDP aka the DNA PARTY
They will if they want to safeguard their pensions. C.
well, 25 years in maximum seems to angle toward punishment.
Then you wouldn't know Christians very well.
What we need here are some salacious divorce records and a twitter account. And a few thousands posts on these comments sections. Then we'll see someone get smeared and attacked.
Why worry about things you can't change as an individual, even if you try hard?
My statements it was set up in a separate fund and special taxes earmarked for that fund,,, we are still paying those extra taxes set up for OAS...
Right. Show it. Good luck -- there is no credible evidence. Look, when some fool walks into a restaurant and fires a gun because of fake news, it's important. Anyone who believes the pizzagate fabrication is a fool.
As somebody else pointed out, the Danes also have one of the highest rates of suicide. Bash religion all you want, but you have to admit it gives people purpose in life.
Over generalize much?
If it was freedom that mattered then US would have put sanctions on Saudi Arabia when Saudi tanks crushed democracy protesters in Bahrain, 100x easier to make case there then for sanctions on Russia=Freedom.
...I guess returning to the balanced budget he inherited from the Liberals?
Interesting that overturning a few thousand years of western civilization in favor of an absurdity like marriage between homosexuals is considered by many to be 'progress.'
Right on, I agree with you 100% henries
Hey, they know where their paycheques come from
When the environmental damage is irreversible, exagerration is not really possible. BTW who pays for your posts?
Nice quote, Shore : Kudos.. So why does the daily dose on these boards (you included) make out like it is a Harper only issue, as opposed to a systemic one???????????
In B.C. WCB (Workers Compensation Board cases) are routinely expedited to the extent that they make use of private clinics for treatment and surgery as that is faster than waiting in the public system. No investigation and punishment happening here.
Looks pretty dumpy from a few perspectives. But then I'm used to Bayview Village and Yorkville so what do I know.
They were being shipped to the West Indies, Kenya and Tanzania as labour. No problems for the British, who were doing the shipping! And indentured labour trafficking.
True some chick wants to marry Bernardo so I guess it takes all kinds to make up a society.
Sorry, but I do have filters on my home computers. There is no truth in pornography, and I would prefer that my kids stay away from that shhhit.
The Constitution is what it is.
Thats a very interesting world you live in. How far is it from Earth?
go back to sniffing
Personally, if I wrote the kinds of posts you do I'd change my account settings to 'Private'.Then I'd stop posting. Then I'd go for a long winter swim under the ice while wearing a parka.
'On this score, the administration has failed to secure Congress?s support for any kind of deal with Iran.'Congress has not received Israel's permission to do so.
Fewer guns means fewer Liberties, and and people should know, America was founded on 'give me liberty of give me death'. Those not comfortable with founding constructs of the USA should leave and not try to start a civil war.
There is no comparison between Bush and Trump. Trump is the new low, making the US a laughing stock.
Orwell is laughing from the other side of the veil of tears - as the stooges of the oligarchs implode within the propaganda cul-de sac. Exposed - exposed propaganda careerists - no more bonuses - no new plant for that lonely cubicle in he ll.
Facts? Really? Wow, so, author indeed knows what founding fathers were thinking while writing the constitution? Good for him.
"You misunderstand me, sir." I don't think so, Peter. I should have said "I'M Waiting for the "yeah but" crowd....". I didn't mean you, and agree Canadians have no irons in the fire.
Well reasoned, thank you.
I'm a boomer. Do we have to wait until they're all in their graves before we stop hearing them endlessly prattle on about themselves? Stop it, please!
Ms Wente has always been the voice of common sense against 'progressive' thinking
So, Margaret Wente is in effect accusing those who make uninformed declarations about the size of the polar bear population of doing so to further their own agenda. Margaret is right -- not that she'll ever see the irony.
I AM CANADIAN. Period.
As a Chinese Canadian, I am sick and tired of other Chinese Canadians playing the race card. There is nothing racist about this piece of legislation, period. Get a grip and get a life.
In this instance I'm sure he's not releasing information about the advice he's received because he's ignoring all of it.
strange editorial given the puff piece on Yatim's murderer, with comments disabled
Thanks for sharing. What about for us poor sad people who happen to be born and raised in Canada (multi- generational) with just a Canadian passport? Not such much.
LOL.. good point Tax Hater. Social media may not be perfect but unlike the mainstream media you can find both sides of the story.
Harper appears to have a hatred for anyone that knows more about a subject than he. Not surprising there is a hate coming from his camp.
Leave it to ideologues like nomad to always see constructive criticism of Rob Ford as gratuitous negativity.
Maybe not Canada........But Alberta and 'Canada' are very different
Ah, when you cannot debate and add to the topic at hand, play the victim card, if that does not work, pull out the conspiracy card. It is getting truly pathetic.
I read an article recently that said there are 218, 000 people in the NL workforce and 50,000 of those work directly or indirectly for the NL government. Not exactly a formula for long term success.
By that age, we're all nuts. Just need to choose the level of craziness that you can deal with :o)
. . . Exactly. // ..
how do you know this mountain? Were you in the jury room?
Very simple: return to Canadian values.
If the shoe fits....
Clearly in 2003 Chr?tien was right and Harper was wrong. This is still the case today. You don't have to be a fan of Chr?tien to see that - you onlyhave to be sane.
Ms Turnbull is a crypto Tom Flanigan.
I very much doubt it
Public sector unions should all be abolished.
Sorry. The Crusades were to destroy the "Infidel" for domination & glory.
Quick question for ya Corporate: what is the age of the earth? A) 6 - 10 thousand years B) 4.5 billion years
So when someone in power grabs your privates unexpectedly or just "because he can " you feel perfectly cool with that right? Mark Niel men like you disappoint women everywhere.
We would be in a big time world of hurt economically if it hadn't been for PM Harper and FM Flaherty, RIP. And we will continue to motor along with the Tories after the next election.
We'd just have to make sure the sacrificial MLA isn't compensated out of the public purse.
Read his lawyer's statement. There is a video, you just can't tell what he's smokin'.
Yup he won em. 30,000,000 black Americans can't be wrong.
MS Wente. You are so out to lunch on so many topics
Your opinion and you are welcome to it, but not to impose it on the rest of society. 'Things we all consider true'? A little out of touch with things as they are and not how we want them to be, are we?
The words you have used are WAAAAYYYY too big for Ms. Byrne. She is a woefully ignorant and uneducated shill for losers. Why she even has a job that does not involve serving coffee is beyond me.
Take a look at westernpalms response above and then re-think your comment on impartiality.
If you cancelled your subscription, why are you even here commenting.
Ipad:: The Americans aren't ordering us to let Mexicans in....
Only the chattering classes have any interest in this guy, or for that matter the Liberal leadership race.
That depends on when the next suitable gender feminist martyr episode arrives.
Then, instead of selling BC's resources to Asia, they will just be selling Vancouver itself to Asia. What a brilliant idea!
No reform. Abolish the place. It would be of better use as a grow op.
Good luck to you. I love it here in Ontario.
Thanks for clarifying this! Ive edited my comment so as not to mislead anyone.
LOL, right, because the right wing hasn't been trying to destroy Hillary for 25 years now. But I'm sure in the next three weeks they'll finally get it right!
I would have injected the needle if I had the medication to end my husband's suffering. The problem is access to the medication.
Mark is back to form and name-calling - what else is new. If climate change doesn't come to pass, it will not be for lack of hot air from you.
It's not important how long you live but how you live. Those that die contented with their lives win. Those that think others should live their lives according to the script provided by others should mind their own damned business.
Mr. Fantino is a first class 'ar--hole'
Appeasers?? like harper and bush for Israel?
It really doesn't, Michael. I hope you don't have kids.
Just waiting for the 'atheism is a religion' claim.
The fact check website shows that Donald lied. You can fool some of the people all of the time, but you can't fool all of the people all of the time.
Social responsibility compels Apple to defend the privacy of all users.
For an alternate view on 'generosity' toward refugees, see: http://montrealgazette.com/news/national/opinion-canada-can-and-should-do-better-on-syrian-refugees
What a lot of bleeding heart B.S.!Where have all the real journalists gone?
A final victory for M. Parizeau. If images of him can be so different from the perspectives of Quebec and the rest of Canada, perhaps we really are two different nations.
Yes, but - the government is the people, the people voted for the politicians. Stupid government? Or - stupid people?
You should read more carefully. Climate change has always occurred on earth, for millennia, it has nothing to do with humans.
I sincerely hope that the Liberals get another term. The Liberals were elected to majority, and Ontario should be punished heavily.
Agree. Blaming Trudeau's problems on Harper is getting pretty stale.
Canadians don't even want another propaganda throne speech. They did not want another prorogation either. Canadians are not the bland old morons you are describing Lawrence. Canada want their country back.
Nothing like marijuana to distract Liberals...
'Reduced the fiscal base'.Progressive speak for reducing the tax burden on ordinary Canadians?
Where is the no-immigration political party? Voting No to transit will have no effect on federal policies on immigration.
The 1950's are calling you, Margaret.
Read Mark Kingswell's article on entitlement. Then Google the characteristics of antisocial personality disorder.
Never did - but this is the Internet where anybody with a keyboard can "contribute" ...
1967 line for a 2 state solution will likely never happen.
For data and analysis I recommned: ttp://www.john-daly.com/hockey/hockey.htmIt will leave you with a clear understanding of the issue, is climate science = fraudulent science?
and maybe replace the national anthem with 'Kumbuya'?
'They' is a plural term. No-one owns it so no-one has a right to compel us to change it.
Saunders didn't say Mair was representative, either, Layla. He said he was one of the more zealous followers of the Brexit movement. Are you so hard up for outrage that you have to make up stuff?
Well... that was uncalled-for.
right on, you said it
Wow, Jack! You really are living in a different time to the present! I'm sorry but the kind of harassment that has been identified in the armed forces is not acceptable in the 21st Century and a 'suck it up' attitude isn't either!
Exactly! People read what they want into stories.
'Trump is a lot like Stephen Harper only with more money and flair.'Harper has better hair. I can't believe I live in a world in which I would need to say that.
Even the CBC's logo is liberal red. Like communist red.
Thanks!
Where's that 9 billion coming from, you say? Easy.From your pockets and mine.
Science has no place in a Wente rant.
I am a voter-abroad and my rank order of potential candidates is exactly as you say: first choice Sanders, second choice Trump, none of the rest are worth considering.
Fish? Didn't we exterminate those in the Atlantic?
I think they should allow slot machines on long haul plane flights too. It's high time we dragged ourselves into the 21st century.
Ya that 60% efficacy rate (at best, most years, slightly higher this year) will do wonders to keep everyone safe. I'm in favor of the flu shot for most, but nowhere near stupid enough to believe that it keeps me, and everyone around me, safe
Best comment yet!
John, are you taking a break from your determined search for those WMDs in Iraq?
More likely nature is just biting back at its primary tormentor.
 there's probably no real way to do this. A simpler approach would be to heavily tax such industries but that is clearly limiting freedom. 
Stephen, speaking of idiots that can't read - what part of "you're endangering everone else's kids" don't you understand?
But what are we now supposed to believe, when Farzana's own sister says that her husband killed her?. Where is the truth, why the lies? Turns out Iqbal killed his first wife.. am so confused....
Make a formal complaint against this organization with a reasonable basis for the complaint (the CRA isn't just going to do it for kicks as they don't randomly audit charitable organizations) and see what you get.
I believe in tractors !
Ha. Good point on the cross; plain low grade masochism (turban) vs. gruesome and brutal sadomasochism (cross).
Who wrote the headline for this piece? Missed it by a mile.
I agree with the sentiment and the respect shown. And it maybe notable that two of the three national Leaders are Montrealers.
Yeah, djw, we won all those wars on our own! At least in our myths! What a joke.
And what's your point? The issue right now is islamic terrorism, not christian terrorism.
Islam is the obvious connection. Why can't liberals see this? Because they don't want to deal with reality.
You fit the profile perfectly.'Conservatives are not necessarily stupid, but most stupid people are Conservatives.'
They don't have that option - decision is due by Dec 14th
did i say u were picking on moms? i hope your other comment feeds your needs.
There are quick and accurate tests for pot users. If employees are using on the job the employer has options just as for alcohol
a $1500-2000 bachelor is not what the city needs - nor can it, the renter or the mortgage holder afford it.developers and banks on the other hand...
They aren't. They are tired of putting their hard-earned tax dollars into a system that doesn't work.
Have you read the Old and New Testaments? Full of violence.
Taller (and presumably heavier) folks have higher wage earning potential. They can afford pricier tickets.
He got a poor defense because some actions are indefensible. He got off light, he should have hung.
What's a 'whit'? Is that the same a 'teh'?
RCAF CF-18s are not 'decades old technology.' The aircraft have undergone two modernization projects 2003-2006 and 2007-2010 that make the aircraft just as modern as any jet combat aircraft operated by our allies.
I bet the market is already being put in place. Never mind that other creatures depend on that water.
That's the key.
Owners don't answer to staff.
You missed putting Arthur Porter in charge of CSIS...
Spare us yourself: Olivia 'I'm not a white guy' Chow offended men and women alike.
Dude how many times you going to post the same thing over and over. Nobody is biting....troll.
The IRS is a monster on its own...
Very mature.
I agree. As long as he isn't in Canada, we are good.
Would you vote for a wind sock like Justin Trudeau? You betcha you would.
You could also see the CBC as a financially hobbled national broadcaster that engages in the very activities that the Nazi/Conservative party dislikes so it can raise funds to advance that part of their mission that the baby eaters accept.
Why should YOUR beliefs trump someone right to life? Do you not see your hypocrisy?
Liberals always march under the banners of 'Justice' and 'Equality', until they actually have to show up.
Fully agree ! It is a disgrace to mankind that women fail to be respected and appreciated more.
please note that most posts are more ANTI HARPER than they are pro-Niqabthis is anti for the sake of being anti
Ironic. it appears that members of Ford Nations had the censors remove my pictures of members of Ford Nation. But then again, censorship is a feature of the political right. They can't handle the truth and prefer to hide it in the closet.
What you are implicitly saying is that women are not good enough. The way things are currently done in Ottawa, good people, male and female, leave, pulling their hair out. Maybe women could do a better job.
The lawyer who argued against the Nadon appointment at the SCOC gave a succinct appraisal of this government's attempts at circumventing the Constitution: 'subversive'.It's the epithet that this government should truly wear.
Diets don't work. You want results, change your lifestyle. The End.
If it was science, it would not need to be "settled". It is an unproven theory used for political purposes by fanatics like you.
Really ???.... did you document the facts and present a paper on the subject?
Ah!.... but its the words that get you elected
gonna take a girl or boy with big balls to put this fire out
There should never again be a liberal Government in all of Canada. History has shown liberals screw up everything they touch.
It is quite simple, every individual is a parenting expert and every other individual is a parenting failure.
The cost increases were due to vast 5 times sized transmission builds to carry wind and solar, and the lucrative 17 cent a kwh gas contracts paying the Dolts cronies 15% annual rates of return on their investment.
Replace the public school system with vouchers and let people decide for themselves which teachers or schools they would like to have their children educated by.
Lol! Actually Ford DOESN'T understand the issues. You clearly haven't been keeping up.
Is that what you are calling yourself?
Yes, it takes half a day to accomplish what the honey bees did in 20 minutes. Domestic honey bees are protected from neonics, but what about the humble bumble?
God bless Donald Trump!!
Therefore, she is not female.
This is old news but we should have a referendum on the Senate.
Agreed. 'Choosing otherwise' also hurts those who merit the opportunities... but don't get them. It hurts them everywhere: in the pay packet and in the psyche.
Nepotism has never been in short supply when a parent is hiring. Been there, got the t-shirt.
I must have read it more carefully than you , Mr. McGee - or I recall Putin's push to join NATO and W Bush's posing and preening against that happening. Just to cite one aspect of this comment.
And man, did Castro stick that thorn in the US side? He thumbed his nose at them for 60 years and their noses are sooooo out of joint. How dare anyone do this to the great US of A. Boo hoo
another east coast left winger dreading being out of the power zone tough
Political Correctness run amok ! It's disgusting that the left parties and left media are not held accountable. We can fire politicians on the left by not voting back in office and we can fire left media by not buying their garbage they sell.
Spoken with the open mind of the typical Taliban member...
I totally agree with you. Voters are as much to blame; they want to have their cake and eat it to.
Monsef, Minister of Democratic Institutions believes Twitter feed is a valid indicator of how Canadians feel about election reform.
'Quebec's language laws have brought social peace in Quebec'...really? orit is just the fault line/wedge issue that keeps on giving for separatists du jour
The economics professor forgot one. http://climatechange.worldbank.org/sites/default/files/Turn_Down_the_heat_Why_a_4_degree_centrigrade_warmer_world_must_be_avoided.pdf
Dodging Proposition 13 potholes on the freeways of Los Angeles is a "concrete" example I've experienced.
bob rae will stop at nothing to get in the news.
And let's not forget the CEO of SNC Lavalin was Gwynne Morgan whom Harper tried to hire as the man to vet all government appointments. This post will self destruct because Morgan still has buckets of money and power in our world and this paper.
Actually, I got it direct from American travelers on three separate occasions as I was in Europe.
Jetson is a self employed food stamp collector....
Drinking the stuff of the 'craft breweries' i.e. poorly balanced brews is a political or philosophical statement but no pleasure. I'll drink the better stuff of the big guys and look for other ways to argue social and political issues.
Or much of western Canada for that matter.
Gimme a break, a poll on the first day of the campaign, doesn't anyone remember what the pollsters said about the Alberta and BC elections not so long ago.
Agreed DanMD.
You're correct, not all, most however.
Universities are compromised now. Consider the anti-vaxxer idiot U of T is allowing to teach a course.
Or the lump everyone who disagrees with me are racist posters
This makes me want to weep for the government that could have been.
You may be onto something. Please tell me what you eat for breakfast so that I can avoid it. Thanks.
Jazz13man, you've got it http://i.imgur.com/8iidup7.jpg
Good posts. Thank you.
we have a senate for that
YES they must be turned over to the care of The Rebel & strong Al Qaeda presence in their midst.
Odd that Mr. Simpson does not mention proportional representation ...
You've basically admitted the extent of the thought control and intimidation that has to be used against Trump supporters. Express your opinion and lose your livelihood. So its hardly a stretch to say that the system is rigged then isn't it?
Alberta became a province 110 years ago
My wife, my sister, and my female friends tell me what they talk about.
The Russian people need economic opportunities and in the globalized world, trading with other nations is essential to that. If North America/Europe decides to completely embargo Russia, they will have no choice but to capitulate.
'Errol Mendes is a professor of constitutional and international law at the University of Ottawa and is the founding editor-in-chief of the National Journal of Constitutional Law.'Clearly expertise is an affront to the likes of Kevin.
'Over_and_out' Where in the bible does it say that God hates gays ? You won't find it anywhere. He does however, hate their sexual behaviour. There IS a difference. Please don't mis-quote the #1 best seller of all time.
Golly, you're so much smarter than the learned judges, aren't you? At least the rest of us can take comfort in knowing yours is merely opinion, the judges decision is law.
I will let GlynnMhor and Happy argue out GlynnMhor's silly point since Happy completely disagrees with GlynnMhor on it, or so he has stated. Let's see if Happy will stand by his principles and take on GlynnMhor.
Actually, you're stating rumour rather than fact, regarding his sexual orientation. And targeting gays and lesbians does constitute homophobia.
And you should get out of Canada. After all, you and your family are occupying native lands.
peace is better than war. Canada should fellow the route of Pacifism , rather than siding with the USA and everything the USA does.
It's not sleazy?.it's done all the time in the private sector. Which government do you work in?Perhaps get informed before making comments?
It would be the kind of leadership that led Justin Trudeau to embrace tens of thousands of Syrian refugees while other governments equivocated.--------the rest of the world knows something Justin does not
There's a close correlation between right-wing political ideology and climate change denial. Trump likely couldn't care less about the issue, but understands his target demographic well.
Probably because Maxime knows that the Cartel is private property and none of his business? And precisely because of it, he wants to legalize competition.
Extortion and violence, its the Libyan way
Now the fun begins. I wonder how long it will take before Hillary starts to claim she is not corrupt?
Amazing how the left hates Canada's soldiers and their participation in conflicts through history. This monument will mean much to many so if you don't like it then simply look the other way in shame of Canada, it's what you do best anyways.
A buffoon who will represent only buffoons.
Frumm may be heartless and cold, but he does offer a degree of honesty, not to mention sophistication, that Trump obviously lacks. Oh, and he can formulate a coherent sentence as well.
Oh dear Erika, ever on the alert to any perceived slight to the US and pretty much the only reason I have ever seen her post. Why bother reading a Canadian news site if you are so easily offended.
Very well put, YYZgg it's what the not so well off women of Canada are experiencing, not some idealized moral conundrum facing doctors. Margaret is into obfuscation .
And I have a pet unicorn.
Cleaner sources,,, meaning OPEC oil?.......support your local ISIS groups
boltuprite: that is disgusting. You should be ashamed of yourself. Do you think you are funny?
'Our country has become Republican sick under the reign of Harper, there's no other explanation.'----------------------You have no idea what a Republican is, and our conservatives are more 'liberal' than the Democrats.
Shaming them is an inadequate response to the thousands of hackers employed by George W. Bush to illegal intercept the communications of hundreds of thousands of Americans. A fair trial would be the place to start.
West Queen West may look like downtown Toronto to someone in Etobicoke, but it's not downtown. Downtown is generally understood to end at either Bathurst or Spadina.
Media lies about racism etc. helped coalesce support around Trump.
you clearly have no clue that the other countries are laughing at the sheep canada is for doing this to the economy so they can benefit as we become more expensive!!
Justin is just as arrogant as Trudeau senior though.
It's not a 'child' until it's born. A fetus is entirely dependent on the mother's biology to survive.
How did that end up?
journalist, good one! This guy should stick to his rottentomatoes. com reviews. Did a real journalist call in sick today, and they had to call this guy up?(I think Mike Myers must have snubbed him at a TIFF event or something)
There is actually quite a lot. As a matter of fact there is a strong body of evidence correlating increased sugar consumption to obesity, diabetes and heart disease.
As it has for almost 150 years. Liberal or Tory, same old story.
Who decides when an immigrant is proficient in the language?
Melissa McEwan pretty much trolls herself.
It seems the moderators are determined to censor anything I say on this subject. I don't get it.
This issue is "news" and if you look around it is being reported widely.
Most of the ridings that voted Conservative in Ontario are suburban family forming age people. When are YOU going to untie your knickers, and READ the results correctly?
Germany elected a quantum physicist... and became the trash can of the world.
Canada should ban halal(brutal slaughtering of the animal by bleeding) meat.
@nitroglycol204 actually yes, it's called a GST rebate check. Also, if you receive more from the government than you pay in taxes, you don't really pay taxes, do you, if the money you pay in taxes came from the government in the first place.
Or worse, 73 sorority girls going to a convention.
Funny. It was meant to be, right? Didn't realize Maggie did satire.
Good drug dealers can be trusted... it's what makes them good.
China's government is working on this right now . I guess the UN shouldbe helping them. World peace through religious suppression.
You win G&M's comment of the day.
Nations fade away in history only temporarily, they re-emerge just like Jews in Israel.
But Rick! You are missing the point. Harper actually has a backbone and never would have pulled our military support for the allied fight against ISIS. Now JT has to answer to our allies. Tragic and funny and predictable.
Go on, say it: 'death panels' - you know you want to, Sarah.
How did this drivel crawl off the Sports page?
i understand in the usa tesoro a us oil co. says rail distribusion of crude oil is the future because it is hard to peg the price of crude so pipe lines will not be built as no one knows how long term contracts willpay for pipelines.
Hahaha! That Trojan Horse in the NDP sure gets around.
All I hear is misogyny and a slightly unstable personality in your rant. Just another reason to vote for Clark, so the lunatics don't take over the asylum.
The Polish/Lithuanian state was so "beloved" by the peoples in the lands it occupied that they revolted against it violently when given the opportunity, e.g. the 1648 Khmelnitsky Ukrainian uprising against their Polish occupiers.
We were once a country where people really did want our opinion and want us onboard. It's terribly sad you can't remember that. It was destroyed by his father and junior seems to be taking us in exactly the same direction.
Flat tax is nice and efficient. And it's fair. The rich pay more, the poor pay less.
caricatures. Let's not dignify them through inclusion in the discussion.
This is a mean-spirited, cynical editorial. Also, I have read the report of the restorative justice participants closely, and, based on the comments of the editor(s), I feel quite certain that they have not read the complete report.
Stiv the article already explained this. A budget vote is a confidence vote.
looks like the loonie/libbie/greenie clickers are out in full force tonight to tamp down any trending opinion that is contrary to their own.
Xenophobia is a good thing. No people can survive without it.
The TWU law school is subject to accreditation based on academic criteria but cannot be denied accreditation based on its statement of faith. This point was decided by the SCC in 2001.
Irrationalist, I suggest that you take a course in postmodernism, as you just don't seem to get it.
It's more the result of corporations (in this case firearm manufacturers) using people's fear to maximize their profits.
They certainly did with this editorial... personnel changes?
In 4 decade intervals
Actually the money thus saved will pay for the statue !
Listen to the Dalai Lama, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uBwR247_jgI
I guess if you studied history well, this part of the conversation will occupy only 1/12 of our total post. the Molotov -Ribbentrop pact was 12th by time and probably by importance among 12 pacts in attempt to pacify Germany.
Progressive111 I hope you agree that you should pay for any ailment brought on by carelessness. Heart disease, type two diabetes and many diseases are preventable. So keep that in mind when you rant on about certain preventable services.
Actually the pharmicist is usually more up on it than regular family doctors.
in my opinion, all one percenters....
Do plants need CO2 to live - yes or no?
nobody can speak on behalf of Canadians, so shut your trap.
The majority being held hostage by the minority.
I want to hand Konrad a pitchfork, stick him outside a hardware store in Barry's Bay beside a life size cardboard cutout of Stephen Harper and take a picture... Conservative Gothic!
Why did Alberta decide to join Canada? Hadn't found oil yet?
Bob: I hear what you are saying, but trying to go into great detail on this topic with some of our settler friends is like casting pearls before swine. I leave you to continue the gentlemanly approach, while I undertake the barroom approach.
give it a rest. It is well documented and studied as to who and how these woman are meeting their demise. ramp up the insanity.
Ohhh, I think we almost have a BINGO here! Radical WynneExtremists
Warthog yes, flick of the eye [old, oh, so old CF 18] no!
That is exactly what they asked. You just weren't listening.
Has anyone actually read the proposed legislation ?? Just asking ......
Maybe robots can write all the columns and editorials in the globe? Reading this piece made me think of that old HG Wells story, 'The Machine Stops'. Robots doing all the work while all the people just sit around and take up space.
Ontario needs health first. Ever has a dental visit or a catarach eye problem. How many weeks do you wait for a medical appointment? It's not like Canada does not have problems, especially when it comes to health care.
Strangely troubled, Cancel my subscription to the Resurrection Send my credentials to the house of detention Forget your ideas for crime prevention Say good-bye to the Geneva convention Give my regards to the Mothers of Invention
They don?t need to understand the rules. They just need to know that Harper makes them, and that?s good enough. No rational thought required.
Right on JudgeThe same attitude we get every day from the PC crowd.
However ham fisted, vapid or Shallow you might think someone's effort to help others might be is doing something always better than doing nothing?
Hardly....that was just one battle. You're overconfidence will be your downfall.
What style and tone was Obama using before they caught the suspects? Could it accurately be described as rhetoric and fear mongering? Of course.
You know George, I was thinking the same thing about Ryerson students. If this is an example of their professorial leadership, I'd find a different university.
Given her age when she came to Canada, I think it would be her parents who would be considered responsible, IF that was in fact the case.
And... Let's face it: The only truly honest product sold these days is tobacco. Marketing is the product. Banning marketing for certain products does not impact people's freedom. If they want the product, they will find it.
What was it, 368 million pounds a week going to the EU that the 'leavers' said they could put into the health system? When asked about it after the vote, they said, 'oh no, it is not nearly that much . . ' That is just one of the lies.
Fair point. If they can't manage by themselves (spendaholic style) it's true that they should have someone to help them (I think it exist but I am not sure) but usually our brain got our priorities straight.
'Or maybe women are looking for partners that travel, read, and have more varied interests than Nascar, tv, hockey, and strippers.'---------------------Geez.... maybe men are interested in partners that don't stereotype so much.
I like ranked ballots because it reverse the narrowcasting that parties now do. I also think it comes closer to reflecting the wishes of the most voters. No more majorities? Good, lets start working together more often.
To think that the next Republican candidate for the Presidency, whoever he or she is, has about a 50% chance of being elected. Scary.
Trudeau is very divisive and I think it will become more and more apparent as the months go by. Don't forget, we didn't all fall all over ourselves for him.
Yes, by all means, let's decide social policy and Canada's humanitarian efforts in the world on the basis of some poll.
Compound interest. It is taught but not understood.
if the status quo is the way to go then why is it with all the police forces that we have that the problem continues and if appearances are to believed actually are getting worse
The Russian regime of Mr Putin, an admirer of Stalin who is behaving like a Hitler, is national socialist (Nazi) in nature.
Okay Mambo, the Romans are guilty of genocide against the Celts in northern Britain. Where's my UN rep, I want to complain.
That is a very good point. Harper refers to Wright's deception, so he knew it was legally challenging. Obstruction of Justice?
The Chinese LOVE using the words co-operation and mutual trust. Believe me, I've done business with these folks and the co-operation and mutual trust only go one way. YOU co-operate and trust them, they will never extend the same courtesy to you.
Many may have forgotten that during the Ontario election that the editorial staff were going to endorse Wynne. Then word came down from the very TOP that the G&M will endorse Hudak
I was born in Liverpool, England, a city where half a million people, men, women, and children all speak in sentences that go up at the end.
How many Jewish Nobel Prize winnershow many canadian? pro rate to the population of canadians and jews
What have the Romans ever done for us? Your comment has a parallel in a Monty Python sketch.
You have a romantic idea of foreign legions - from an old Errol Flynn flick ? Dubya's sorry work in Iraq did not cure you ?
Morgan and Pete are two different entities......
I think readers ended up giving you the thumbs-down for being pedantic.
Walt - Are you kidding me!? Who else other than a journalist/columnist should be raising these kinds of issues and bring them to the attention of the citizens?
It's about politics, lots of Oregons sympathized with these ranchers. Their is a lot of mistrust of the federal government....remember Waco and how heavy handed the FBI handled that case? It has nothing to do with race.
Sorry - Harper is too busy covering up robocalls to listen, Gary. Which gov't is more deceitful and corrupt: the BC Fiberals or the Harper Tories?
If by Canadian you mean those whothink like the Eastern Liberal elites, then there are the majority in the 3 mostmost western provinces that are no longer Canadian.
Canada may or may not be inviting retaliation by its domestic partisan political advantage geared foreign affairs bravado, but it is clearly inviting ridicule.
So, I need to bring my computer to the restaurant?
shaun. What percentage of Canadians didn't want each of the other parties. More than 60%, because the Conservatives won.
It's a term from a decades-old philosophy of science book. It's popular in academia, but completely unknown outside of it.
And Margaret is more in tune with Millenials? An expert ing Political Science and behavioural psychology. What's that you say? It's an oppinion piece? Honey! Please pass me that extra large grain of salt.
correction Please not the word REALISTIC should be Please NOTE the word REALISTIC
Is it the same type of "science" as climate change and evolution? Enough with the hoaxes.
Well, it's on the internet so it must be true...
Midway through the column I started to realize that this is really not a joke, that this is really happening. It's better to be proactive- at the next parents-teachers meeting I will tell them 'don't even think about it'!
Which is why life jackets should be put on first (and on all one's children) before putting on sunscreen.
Do you have a source for your allegations? How about the right wing protesters who shoot up abortion clinics?
Are sacred cows tastier than regular ones?
Fallaciy in Argumentation
You should see him at an Ottawa Senators game, with full retinue disrupting everything from the entrance, on in.
Have you been watching too much CNN? http://sovereigntytour.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/how-stupid-you-are2.jpg
Let, s see, suffer from dutch disease and complain about low gas taxes or try to move your 700, 000$ Toronto fix me up when mortgage rates bump up to a horrific 5 or 6 % and watch land transfer taxes evaporate.
That woman has no class ... Clearly demonstrated that night!
Perhaps it is time you reconsidered your 'big C' conservatism and Moved to the 'progressive' side. The Liberals for example have proven to be 'fiscal conservatives' while being socially centrist.
And they fired a cartoonist for a drawing a cartoon they deemed "anti-Semitic." ?Freedom of speech? -- with limits. anonhq. com/charlie-hebdo-fired-anti-semitic-cartoonist-ridiculing-judaism-2009/
I have. And if you have as well, you would understand that nothing but 'net' is meaningful.
Stop it with the truth, you blind us even more.
If this is indeed true, then it is indeed an outrage. How could this happen?!
You add zero to the conversation.
Incoherent drivel from Yakker.
A thoughtful piece. But the Muslim-hating, anti-immigrant crowd will coat their keyboards with spittle over it.
Canada was originally excluded from the 'G7' and only included on the insistence of the US which wanted an ally but never expected one as poodle-like as the Harper government.
Just got in on the conversation and forgot to get informed, huh?
Interesting that this chant has been around for years... all the more reason why university executive should be held accountable.
She belongs in a federal penitentiary for multiple felonies. But like Animal Farm, some are more equal than others. May she live in interesting times.
@ MJT Do you think being fired for a legal non-corporate tweet is appropriate? If yes, please let me know where you work so I can be sure to never apply for a job there.
Full of unrealistic, violent b.s. - The Bible.
Re your first paragraph: wait for it.
????
CGL can build pipelines in hell, rather than turn Earth into an inferno
How low will they stoop? I believe we have a large cohort of Harper admirers and supporters who all go by the alias "Ben Dover", and do they ever....
you mean there are still people who trust the liberals.
What the heck are talking about Canada has done better under Harper than any other PM, our standings in world areas are better than when Chretien was in power. Go Harper Go
Conservatives lie. It's what they do.
Since when does an election platform have to be implemented in its entirety in the first budget?
We don't have a respectable press corps in Canada. We have hacks who've tried to equate a decent man making restitution to Canada to an opportunist taking part in a bribe. Truly shameful.
no your wrong. stick with the expert science and concusses. your in denial.
What Fearless Leader wants, Fearless Leader gets. There is no one to tell the emperor he wears no clothes.
Yes, a balanced budget is more important. How long can you run your household if you borrow borrow borrow? Do you have no concept of money? or I guess we can borrow borrow borrow, then pull an Iceland or Greek thing.
Don't look to Yakabuski for factual argument. He tries to out-Wente Wente -- though not as elegantly..
Don't forget this dentist has a record too.. Hunting infractions.. Go Figure.
LOL you can't be serious
The 'kids in short pants' are on the job. Have talking points. Script on message. 'Good to go!'
Another inconvenient fact that rankles eh Nostradamnit.
OMG Canadians worry about the silliest things. He is the leader of our Country for Crap sakes. He isn't being paid millions like the CEOs of most corporations. Give it a rest.
Heaven forbid......
Hey there Frankphi boy. What country did yer forbears a- come frum? Seems we're all immigrants in Canada, save the native folk, and we done steal their cunnery away from em anyhew.
Canada's customs and traditions include freedom thought of thought, belief, expression and opinion, and freedom of conscience and religion. Why are you trying to violate these good Canadian customs?
RifleThis arguement is only one of many used to justify this crime.
It is the first time I have ever read 'overly medicated' or 'lobotomized' to be 'statesmanlike'.
True and the MSM and progressive left have it down to an artform
Which seems like putting the two strategies is really dumb. What kind of genius brings in more people that he's insulted and won't vote for him?
and afer14 should apologize for politicizing everyone's need to apologize.
You spell Harper.....B..U..F..F..O..O..N! What a jacka?s.
He is setting up an attack on the Supreme Court - see they don't protect you - not withstanding clause is coming - we should all be very afraid of the real agenda
It sounds as though your aunt needed earlier access to palliative care, not to death. With the legal murder law, the government of Manitoba will have even less incentive to fund palliative care.
Which one of them was Globe poster Arimas involved in? Your comments are personal attacks composed of entirely unfounded allegations. They should be removed.
Ok, release Hill's love letters to Goldman Sachs then...
I don't want my tax dollars going to a party I didn't vote for. It was ridiculously undemocratic. Plus the current federal rules ARE the ones that JC brought in.
They are so rare, there aren't any...
Bingo. Harper was abrasive that's for sure. But he cared deeply for our country and respected the taxpayer's that paid the bills.
You're forgetting air pollution created by burning fossil fuels. The resulting air pollutants kill thousands and cause illness in many thousands more in North America. Reduce these and the impact can be quick and dramatic in improving health.
Public affairs are secular. Period.
wow dbi, you still believe in Reagan's trickle down effect? Unbelievable.
Layton? What 'things' are you talking about? And Clinton was never accused of rape. I see you take the Ford approach to facts.
If you're hoping for a headliner gig at the Comedy Store I suggest you keep your day job.
A good leader recognizes that democracy is about taking care of all the people, not just the 33% who voted for him/her. Harper never got that point. Hopefully Trudeau will.
Trump is still standing .... despite the likes of columnists like Konrad Yakabuski and the rest of the globalist shills ....
GISTEMP Temperature Trends: 1975-1997 only: 0.143 ?0.091?C/decade1975-present: 0.166 ?0.041?C/decadeNow try to explain the uptick in the trend over the last 16 years versus before if there was no warming? Warming has to be increasing.
Why? Because that's what it costs; still a drop in the bucket compared to the value of the whole settlement.
So she wasn't working there? Your logic doesn't hunt. A city worker doing roadwork would be in the same predicament according to your thought process then. Not working either.
Martensville Satanic Sex Scandal in Saskatchewan
Language is the problem, NS and PEI will never agree to the pampering that the acadians get in NB
Climate change is real , just check the natural history of the planet
He's a huckster
After Oct. 19, you people in the CPC spin room are going to be looking for new employment.
The principal in a school in which Justin was giving a speech refused to have the media attend because of FOIP concerns. Justin blamed it on 'petty politics'. That was just false.
Go away Dalton.
I suspect that this is the plan.
and you teach where?
Because in Europe, especially in communist countries, there were no 'baby boomers'. Almost everybody was equally screwed, unless you belonged to the communist party.
The G&M has an an approval problem on acceptable comments on this article. Lighten up.
If that is Liberal policy, I would think a Conservative policy should be offer a small broad based tax cut.
mikjager, sorry if i offended you, it's just an observation i made about potheads in general
If you think the PLQ is 'socialist' I expect you don't live in Quebec.
Where's the money? http://bullettmedia.com/article/a-comprehensive-list-of-all-the-women-whove-gotten-rich-accusing-celebrities-like-bill-cosby-of-rape/
'I will not be traveling to the USA much anymore ?''Oh well, no loss. We can always travel to the Caribbean and West Indies to escape the snow'Is that a promise? Quite frankly Americans will care little about your travels and extreme paranoia.
It looks like the K brand poverty pimps just write other columns occasionally here at the Globe ... giving us a 'balanced' perspective. Wonder if they are paid for their columns, and where that money goes?
Thank you Mr. Simpson for your honesty. Now we have lefty trained puppets who just diss the conservatives and have nothing original to offer.
If anybody thinks this is only going to cost 1.2 Billion over 6 years you're incredibly gullible. That amounts to less than $8,000 dollars a year... hell, that won't even pay for schooling and clothing.
Apologies - but I have been educating myself for decades now, never mind experiencing more history than most posters here. Therefore my opinions may be actually more informed than the usual recycled propaganda !.....
So 30% are ideologically conservative and will vote for someone who appears to be conservative even if they're not. So that leaves 70% of us to get our act together and vote in someone who isn't the above.
Conservatives would win election on less votes than Liberals: July 2013 seat projectiondemocraticvotingcanada.blogspot.ca/2013/07/fpp-mockery-of-democracy-update-july.html
And so Binah, by your standards, are you to be classified as a Zionist-fascist, inappropriately named for the 3rd sephiroth on the tree of life? Cheesy, Binah, cheesy- we should rename you Banal instead!
Um, isn't there a national newspaper that endorsed Harper the last 3 elections? Oh, what's the name of it again. . . . .
I've heard there's a video of Rob Ford actually reading a budget while his advisers try to explain it to him. But he denies that it exists.
Agree totally.
More than half!
Well done! Thank you for your editorial! Alda Berneaud-daRosa
Is this the plank or pillar of his platform? Way to get going Justin. Double dipping makes more sense if you are stoned however we are no oreo cookies. I'd rather vote for Big Bird.
I see the liberal response. If you are honest and break the law, that's ok. Typical of the >if it feels good do it
Seriously, those poor underpaid politicians with no perks. Then, when they leave politics, they are sure to be poor and unemployed.
That is the exact point of a public broadcaster in the public interest... sorry you are too cheap to fork over your $60 bucks... what a crock of nonsense.
Less than 1 out of every 8,000 Canadian Muslims will ever consider going to join ISIS. More Canadians have gone over seas to fight with Israel, Serbia, Kurds, Somalia, Darfur. We just don't have the numbers.
Rob & Doug Ford? Or are they too off the scale?
the other systems have a strong private/public partnership. Oh, forgive my language in Canada--- Private Medical care is tantamount to a F-bomb
There was a mountain of damning evidence in the report issued last year, but bleeding hearts like Lawrence ignored that report.
Disgusting. Cannot believe this pay to play scheme is legal in Canada. Can anyone have faith in a Prime Minister and a Minister of Finance who endorse this practice. So tired of hearing silver spoons yak on about the middle class.
My thought exactly when I read that he frequented gay nightclubs. I don't know whether you saw but even two days ago, someone posted here that this would turn out to be like the clinic arson.
How does that relate to the responsibility of the victim not to be an easy victim. When you are being eaten by the tiger do you say - "oh you can't help yourself you're just a tiger" or do you try and avoid the situation altogether?
Steve Fraser's The Age of Acquiescence: The Life and Death of American Resistance to Organized Wealth and Power gives you a better structural understanding of 'the big sellout.'
About the same time I saw a white man Asian Assassins or the Pelham Park Bloods.
Municipal taxes went up because federal and provincial offloading. This started with Paul Martin in 1993 when his buddies on Bay St. told him large deficits were bad for business, and cities have been given the 'bizness' for the past 20 years.
You are getting better, Mel- but you haven't reached Tabatha's standards yet. Keep working at it though- we enjoy your attempts.
The Harper era: Canada's Dark Age.
Men do dishes. Go to any restaurant, take a look in the back of house: all men, doing dirty, dangerous, thankless work for little pay.
Looks like the pmo boys will be burning midnight candles and taking their shorts off.
Ottawa's condo market is bizarre and completely out of whack with reality.
What twisted logic. No one in Canadian media endorses or excuses these killings at all!
Canadian law too eh?
I am just quoting Albert Einstein. He said that as a refugee in America, watching what was happening to Europe just before WW2 broke out.
What your weird hypothetical has to do with this election is a mystery.
Is Trump obliged to reveal his tax returns because he is running for president? Surely this revelation should be made only if there is suspicion of tax fraud. And that's a matter for the law not the public.
DJD, I am a committed, happy atheist, but your statement is an oversimplification.
It was more than incompetence. There was a lot of corruption as well. Liberal supporters are big beneficiaries of wind energy policy in this province. It was also a failed policy.
Alec, How much has the federal government spent on F-35 aircraft?? Brainless parrots are polluting these forums.
I'd like to see Trump's tax returns. Might point to some of the biggest lies of all.
Back up your claim House!
Yes, and in 2014, the Russians invaded Ukraine's Crimea and remain in illegal occupation of that territory, where, at the same time, they are persecuting the indigenous Crimean Tatar population.
We have a serious problem when a political party allies itself with foreign interests.
http://www.businessinsider.com/dnc-seth-rich-wikileaks-politicize-2016-8The family wants the conspiracy theories to end.
I'd go with Takin' Care of Business
Rather shallow thinking!
Off the meds?
This is the same pathetic issue as the Charter of Values in Quebec. We all know what happened to the PQ.
Why fight it? Being around beautiful women is one of life's pleasures.
I'd say Canadians dying from tainted meat count as 'destruction'.And I'd say calling a Duffy a 'leader' could only be done by someone corrupt.
Today, there is an ideological battle for the hearts and minds of Muslim youth. An alarming number have decided that they have no future here. ----is there a hint it is our fault?
Excuse me while I pat my own back... and not mention the election results... and it wasn/t my fault... Party decisions you know...
The Globe is essentially telling the public that the HarperCons are incompetent bunglers.---------but the Globe journalists are not aviation or military expertsjust mere opinion
Shoulda, coulda, woulda.
That's funny eh? Two times. Not knowing how to spell a simple word like subtle then not knowing what the heck those red squiggly marks are.
It is not about you though. Why should you have the right to dictate how another person dresses? I much prefer diversity and the struggle (and I expect a struggle) will be to maintain and celebrate the right to diversity and difference.
The science is in and it confirms anthropogenic climate change
The Carbon Tax in B.C. led to less gas sold in B.C. with Washington State and Whatcom County reaping the benefits. Fred Meyer in Bellingham is still Besieged with Vancouver people.
The Senate must be regarded as the longest and most lucrative gravy train ever built. And to think I pay for those bloodsucking ba$tards. I could spit. Actually, I do spit (and sh!t) -- on the whole government.
don't forget to attend to the arrangement of the deck chairs while yer at it.
The Crusades were to try to retrieve Christianland that had been invaded by Muslim armies. They also defended Europe against Muslim invasion.
and nothing will
Sit your son or daughter down and explain to them that, if their lives depended on it, you would not permit someone to be tortured to save them.
So, protecting our freedoms is a 'leftish/pinkish/mushy argument'? Thanks for conceding the high ground to us, Normy.
thanks bob, ive got pineapple juice all my shirt now.
Pathetic and deluded.
Sounds like you haven't reached the time when the most important thing in life is life itself. I'm sure you can find plenty of drivel about the Senate, Obamacare et al elsewhere to satisfy your uptight needs.
...it is what we agree on and nothing more. Some use 'if it doesn't hurt someone else' as the yard stick. Seems to me we are way past that one! Without God nothing makes sense.
Bottom feeders ? It takes one to know one.
The question that needs to be answered is 'Are we a country or not'? The sooner this is answered the sooner we can all go on. PM Harper stood for one country. Does PM Trudeau? His father didn't.
Look, I sympathise with the Ukrainians -- both eastern and western. But this is not about them. It's about imperial hegemony, the US via EU & NATO vs. Russia. The Cuba crisis was not about Cuba.
But even "right wing" media are confounded by Trump's appeal: http://news.nationalpost.com/full-comment/jonathan-kay-under-trumps-spell-conservative-thinkers-have-stumbled-into-crude-power-worship
Good Point....!
Wow, the baby goracles are all over this story
How so? I can't believe that any teacher would support Trump.
Uh, no. Sorry, but "technical details" matter too.
I think Margaret writes his speeches.
Better even a flat say 10% consumption tax, not other taxes, graduated exemptions only for low income earners and the sick and poor (means tested).
I wish I could give you 10 thumbs up for your comments.
Wrong G&M, Quebec is acting like a spoiled brat, a pig at the trough looking for a refill.
Right on and well stated.
Don't worry. These migrants have no intention of working.
The people of Toronto have a right to a present, functioning, sober mayor. He'll have all the privacy he wants when he resigns.
Unless you are talking garbage quality, no it isn't as easy.
My point was that the eHealth scandal was 'discovered' because of coffee and donut expenses billed by some consultant, and the whole media flap was always over the trivial expense account rather than the details of how $1B got fired up the chimney.
I don't know... dogs would be a good start.
Google the Bundy clan. They should all be in jail. They were found guilty and feel that they can use the point of a gun to settle their claims.
Russian troll?
The world is in desperate backslide as religious fundamentalists continue to find ways to infiltrate and influence governments. I am not optimistic about our future.
Of course this will never happen in Canada as we are prepared to allow most every-thing for the new and expanding Muslim culture.
Informed Albertan. First post - dumb. Second post - doubled down.
how is it possible to twit from a warzone....the place been bombed and ifrastructure like comunication are the first target during a battle
I see what you did there.
Too many examples of military procurement deals ending up as political footballs. It's got to stop.
This is the most ridiculous thing I've ever read!!!
Sun TV anyone
I had hoped for more action on climate change from Harper, but he's turned out to be only marginally better then the 13 years of liberal inaction.
Trump is a blowhard, a bigot, and a liar of epic proportion, and that is why he appeals to the intellectually slow.
There's no nicotine in my shower steam; no formaldehyde either.
Canadian taxpayers were paying for MBA programs for Romanians in Romania under Chretien.
Quebec made my children status English with certificates that allowed them to be educated in English. How about we clean up our own house first?
The new Canadian Coalition so desperately wants power. It is scary what they would do if they were allowed. Tax tax tax and spend.
The Canadian government forgot that they were dealing with a nation that considers itself exceptional.
News flash - ALL foreign relations are ultimately driven by business interests. from the Roman Empire to the Papacy to the British Empire ... etc. ....
Time for Lewis to move to a communist if he likes it so much.
The benefits there are much greater than here in Canada, so its really no wonder.
So...you've tried!
Leave your right wing American viewpoint at Fox News. Crack Addict's Killing Spree Lasts Two Minutes PM Found Hiding in Toilet. End of story.
My only addition would be to throw Vancouver into that mix, because the last time I was in Canada, its restaurants beat those of both Toronto and Montreal.
... because we have a cowardly Prime Minister, plain and simple !!!
She depends on political staffers to watch out for this stuff in advance. They let her down badly and she should be p*ssed enough to fire at least one of them.
>> Yep, there a dime a dozen in our society. Competent proofreaders, on the other hand...
Go Justim Trudak!
Great post
The private sector has become enslaved to the public sector.........it is disgusting and wrong...........time for some kind of serious tax revolt!!!
An excellent article. I agree 100%
@Catherine,So corporation don't work in the free market, but government does? Got it.
Hmmm. As a society we get more and more moral as we get less and less religious. What a coincidence that is!
I think you should review the definition of the word assumption. What is it that you think atheists have assumed?
LR: A thoughtful, sober clarification. thanks
Rather a silly remark there, watchlist.
Prof Flanagan is absolutely right that ministers should talk to people other than their civil servants. Surely, however, they should do so free of charge, as a normal part of the duties the public is paying them to perform.
No Klern, the problem is people conclude it is an "awful book"that misses "that inconvenient truth without actually reading the book. The problem is ignorance.
Typical Liberal comment and I thought they were suppose to be the compassionate types.
Well, how many? Zero?
This fact makes one wonder about the quality of the Ontario Public Education System.
The political correct ' gulag' is their only way of survival, open debate terrifies radicals. One must muse, next France!!!!!
A world ill prepared for warmingheadlinehey Doug Saunder it is no longer about warmingit is n ow about 'climate change' - warmer, cooler, colderthe 'scientists' win - what a lovely strategylike heads i win, tails you lose
whackadoodle, self-defined .
Indeed. http://www.sciencemag.org/content/346/6206/234.abstract
TorTech. It must be difficult for you to see so much sophistry in the world. I still don't know what that word means, but I agree that there is too much of it.
Very true....but not what the western leaders want to hear after supporting totalitarian governments in this area that back ISIS. Thank former leaders like Stevo for supplying 10 billion in arms to the Saudis who are supporting.....????
No it's not about support it's about smart support. Sending six planes to p.ss away fuel and money is stupid but then again Harper is called "Team Stupid"
Alas, my 700-word newspaper piece is indeed a mere partial account of the past 210 years of Haitian history and foreign intervention.
no, he will get a good lawyer and $$$$$$$
The US is producing more oil then ever before.
Is that you, J. Edgar Hoover?
Not bias - just the plain truth!!
Oops second line I meant they are, not they're are lol the spelling trolls will have a field day if I don't correct hahhaha
The moderator is apparently a Trudeau disciple.
Canadians look at the UN through the same lens they were using in 1967. The world has changed. Look at the human rights council, there are at least a dozen countries on it that are known to be among the worst perpetrators of human rights violations.
Yeah, becuase there are so many rich voters.
Lots of people spend like that and more, but of course there are many (myself included) who don't and can't even imagine it.
The court does NOT create law - it just tells the politicians to rewrite the laws MORE CLEARLY. And they do and the system works - until some wing nut decides politicians should be dictators beholden to no outside scrutiny. Stupid move, wing nut!!
Ignorant comment. Where's the movement in Canada to withdraw from NATO? One of the greatest bit of freeloading on display.
Social justice demands that all are treated equally, without regard as to when their ancestors emigrated to Canada.
... 'international pariah'?? Exaggerate much?
Just give these aboriginal Chiefs envelopes stuffed with cash and any talk of 'Mother Earth' will go away. Problem solved
'There was a time when one could expect most interactions with police to be courteous.'_________________If you are white, maybe. To the rest of us they have always been disrespectful, hostile, threatening, and violent.
I'll take that as 3 votes for talking points.
DJay. How does one merge a Liberal (Capitalist) Party with an NDP (Socialist) Party. Good luck with that.
I'm starting to like this guy. Refreshing. Ford in 2014 !!!PS Ainslie is a goof.
Sure Bub and Stephanie has no intention of balancing the budget either.
I have we have all seen red. After all, at the first opportunity to do so the province voted Kathleen Wynne and her provincial a Majority government. Kinda says it all, dont'cha think?
Since he's so progressive perhaps he can tell us what his progressive opinion on labour unions is and how it differs from the past..
Why should't people own firearms?
You're quoting an earlier Christianity, the Sermon on the Mount set. The right is into more Rapturous offerings, more about self.
Thank you ...
Seems strange to be celebrating the birth of Queen Victoria with a national holiday and then taking 60 seconds of silence to ' remember ' those who paid the ultimate price so that we could have the freedom to celebrate Queen Victoria.
The anecdotal evidence is really impressive.
The Liberals have been fixated on the Honest Broker myth since 1956. It has accomplished absolutely nothing.
Similar if not identical provisions.
'' Now that we know what you are, the only thing to establish is the price.''
You are right, there may well be a problem with some of the policing; but at the same time there is often a problem within the communities themselves, but no one seems to want to acknowledge this. It should work both ways.
Here is an example of this issue in the US.Chinese company pledged $2 million to Clinton Foundation in 2013cbsnews. com/news/chinese-company-pledged-2-million-to-clinton-foundation-in-2013/
Elizabeth is talking about a grownup coming to be mayor of Detroit, and one who never grew up, who got to be mayor of Toronto on the Conservative lower-tax mantra. What would that do for Toronto over time?
DO NOT FEED THE TROLLS
F-Stick to your day job.
When the media starts making the news instead of reporting it, it is time for new laws to restrain the animal!
The Work Force, Thanks, Comrade. If things were so bad, the left-minded part of our media would've been howling about it for twenty years. We have heard little of that. Prosperity abounds here in Canada - more than ever before. And it continues.
"low cognitive complexity" alert. Some kids who got the MMR vaccine died in car accidents the next day. Or is that all part of the "Big Pharma" conspiracy?
Always appreciate your input Mr. Dion.
No, he is not at all like Pierre Trudeau, who was a tough, cunning politician. Justin is soft, he'll be more like Obama.
Not if you know what you are talking about.
This is all Harper'sf fault!
OK Elizabeth, you win. Dress like a stripper and pretend it doesn't matter. Just discard biology, especially for adolescents who NEVER think about sex. Unbelievable.
Bannon has served his purpose. Trump will fire him.
You can't help it if you're ignorant of the law and one's legal rights - you're just one of the mob and need it to think for you.
Educate everyone. Do you have a problem with that? And education means raising a sense of awareness, not just stating 'you can't do this'.
formerly fromCalgary, you can take the boy from Calgary, but you can't take the Calgary Oil Patch from the boy. You need to go back to your Calgary base.
Does their continued support of the Conservative Party fit into this theory of yours?
The key words in your comment are: "academically good seniors" And what about the rest of the students?
Who wrote this. It sure as H wasn't Justin.
We did not deserve the Harper Government as the majority of us didn't vote for it. We need to change our first past the post system.
Gabby that truly is lame. $79,000,000 of our money was kept circulating last year between advertising firms and media outlets friendly to the Conservatives. Can you not think of a better way to spend taxpayers money?
Also well said.
Read the NY Times
Will we see a complaint to the Canadian Judicial Council about the Chief Justice expressing a legal opinion about appointing Nadon then ruling on the case at the Supreme Court?
Well saidNo more 'some animals are more equal than others'
Is 'realpolitik' now defined as a powerful government nominally headed by a corrupt, thin-skinned and deeply ignorant autocratic billionaire interested in nothing but himself and his own financial dealings?
Utter Rubbish, the Old crook just wont go away.
What do you mean? The lead is worse in Public Housing compounds? Why? Do they have a different water supply system? I am from Hong Kong and I know nothing like this exists. Are you just trying to be Politically Correct?
Or the 'not ready lightweight' who humiliated Steve Harper and the Conservative Party, if you prefer.
Roch, I'm clearly from BC, actually. In any event, I'd be interested to read if you or anyone else can refute anything I've written here.
Seriously? I guess you haven't listened to or read anything coming from Trump. He peddles in nothing but fear and anger.
Let's see Justin sell this one: http://www.cbc.ca/news/politics/ex-liberal-senators-expenses-missing-key-details-1.2550031
The Globe is hungry for readers.
I am not sure the article talks about Hindu terrorism.
give me a break - PS unions have ZERO control at the federal or provincial level - their employers make the laws ! At the muni level - yes PS unions have us all over the barrel. Please don't mix apples with watermelons
Nathan W - Consider that a million Canadians vote Green, but they get ONE seat in parliament. That's not democratic. The Greens didn't get 1M votes in the last election. They got 576K
Actually, I don't believe there IS a significant terrorist threat, and the minor threats that do exist can be dealt with by existing law without weakening individual rights and freedoms.
We're all out to get you, Tom. TOo bad you only have the Harper, the RCMP, Harper's corrupt judges, Harper's corrupt senate, the Harper enabled resource extraction industries -- to stand in front of you and smash your enemies.
The G&M should restrain kissing the a@s of the Crapers
If the requirement is for people who will work for minimum wage and work under any circumstances, we don't need the businesses at all.
Let them eat recycled David Brooks cake, looks like to me...
You are 100% correct, imagine if he wins again
Seeing the face of the middle aged Liquor Board employee the first time they get asked by a customer whether they should try a sativa or an indica would be priceless.
There is a bubble, sorry to break it to you. Sorry to hear that you just mortgaged yourself to infinity. Best to start reading up on how bankruptcy works.
Mulcair will simply take votes from the liberals, splitting the opposition to Harper that will see him re-elected.
I find it odd that there is never any mention of the asylum that the Sioux in the southern Manitoba and Sask. got when they fled over the border from the US where a actual genocide was taken place.
GV1, I don't really think that this has been ignored by popular culture at all. To the contrary, there has been much about this that has been spoken about.
'For smaller cities, the fire department is typically the largest item in the budget.'I think you mean the police officers are the largest item in the municipal budget. High salaries. No accountability.
It is other way around. Your hatred of Harper appears to be genetically programmed. What has he done to you ?
Great post, thanks.
An NDP government in disguise - no - it's a Public Sector Union Party government flying below the radar !
Wynne was elected because she was the best person to lead this province. The other two were not worth considering.
AV (ranked ballots in single member ridings) works as well as possible for single-seat positions such as party leader, mayor, Speaker. But it is a lousy system to elect MPs.
With Soudas on the Liberal bench, Harper will be treading lightly... very lightly. Harper has more skeletons in his closet than a funeral home. No more attack ads for sure.
sarcasm ? bombing seems to have the effect of radicalizing the peoples of the middle east , , , go figure !
http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2016/sep/16/clinton-08-campaign-manager-admits-birther-connect/
Whether or not you agree with Kellie Leitch's ideas about screening immigrants, it is incredibly naive to imagine that the rest of Canada is shaking their heads in horror over her proposition.
Hey, don't be pointing out awkward facts like that HP,and this is actually a inter-glacial period. In between ice ages there are no ice caps I believe
Character assassination and smear campaigns are 'good strategy', Don? Says a lot about YOUR character. It's wrong, no matter who does it. Period.
As usual your silly partisanship clouds you from being able to see the larger picture.
Having the SCC as a pressure release valve is working astoundingly faster than any other mechanism I can think of on this file. And it is a lot less bloody than revolution.
Him don't do arithmetic.
Canadians, you and I, each emit eight times as much C02 as an Indian does. Clean up our own mess first and then we can demand it of others.
....as is a conservative'sDon't be stingy.
I have seen a lot of hate in comments here and on the CBC. Wonder how long people will be able to comment without using their real names?
They are not laws, but university rules.
What an effort to twist the deep rooted problems in Germany into political correctness talking points, Fail.
UKIP will win the most Brit seats. The first step to getting out of this eurocratic monstrosity.
Thomas your comment makes no sense. What does this have to do with her article?
Our culture , we have because of those people who fought for us , its time to show some respect instead of being selfish
curiousgeorge, you also ask about children. I guess you have no problem leaving them with our bills?
Pretty much all of what this clown says is NOT true.
The "bear" has delusions of grandeur. The man who could have made Russia whole is more likely to destroy it.
Why all the anti-American hate?
Very true, sad state of affairs.
"Oh, there is collective wealth. You drove on some of it to get to work this morning." No, that's called theft. I'll agree with you that there is "collective wealth" as soon as you give me full access to YOUR bank accounts.
The many, many postings from the PMO here show their desperation. They're all over this editorial like they're cligning to a life raft.
... or lending credibility to the existence of sky gods ?
The sad thing is that ec0-n@zis lend themselves to stereotyping so easily... BTW, do you live south of Bloor and/or between Hamilton to Oshawa?
The reality is Canadians finally got a real look at the damage done by the Harper Government and they do not like what they see. Simply google 'harper 1946' to get a clearer picture.
Our country, our rules. I know of no country in the world that allows prospective citizens to write their own ticket. So why shouid Canada?
Am I wrong or the Globe's coverage of events in Paris was disappointingly cheap, coward and condescending at best?
Here is two. I am Canadian without a preferred side in an election in another country. By pointing out that the author is biased, I am being attacked by the self-righteous who obviously side with the US Democrats.
Let's just be sure to replace FPTP with something proportional (PR), otherwise we're just jumping from the disproportional frying pan into the disproportional fire.
Bill C-230: An Act to amend the Criminal Code (arrest without a warrant)....very interesting for those who are concerned with rights.......Spoiler alert, it focuses on those on probation and or parole......
Well, in BC at least, international law says most of BC is owned by the first nations, and they have gotten very little from successive Canadian governments. Any money owing to our first nations, both in BC and across Canada, is more than deserved.
And great, big hugs.
Je dois dire ... Maybe you should read in the dictionary the definition of ''atrabilaire''It's far from being posotive. By the way, it's SCHOPENHAURIAN, not SCHOPENHAUERIAN !
What will the Republican victory mean to Canada? If NAFTA is torn up we will suffer economically.
One day you will be 80 and flunk your senior driver test. Then report back on how a society designed for cars first works oh so well.
Richard, That's right.
Let's see how great our economy will be without a middle class.
You're hilarious Bill !You need us. We don't need you.
Gerald Butts has a plan. He has already tainted Ontario by his ideology
Hey Stew... certain conservative public figures like to hang with criminals and get high... got a song for that?
Good point, if P.E.Trudeau could ignore our Supreme Law and scrap our Constitution and replace it with easily manipulated Charter as the Supreme Law of the Land, there really is no Law, only Legislation where anything is possible.
Thanks to the Supreme Court, a lot of Canadias don't recognize the country any more.
Pur gibberish, Never.
Who is not running for POTUS. Irrelevant R U
History has shown that inaction is never the best course. See Bosnia and Rwanda.
A thought for the existing workers - It is obvious that the government won't be able to take care of you in your old age and if you don't want to rely on your children to take care of you, you had better start saving your money!
Nice attitude. I feel for what patients you have left.
Eastern Ukraine is ethnically Russian. Russia did not invade it. Ukraine's armed forces are opposed by local militias in that part of the country. There is good reason that it should become officially a part of Russia, just like Crimea.
The tar sands are in northern Alberta....her encampment is on an isalnd in Ottawa which is the nations capital
Hey am getting more candy.
Low taxes? That's it? Our constitution requires "peace, order and good governance" not LOW TAXES and whatever those buy. If your Canada consists solely of "low taxes", then your Canada is a pretty bleak place.
'FN' individuals? Pretty racist!
Putin's Russia has set the new standard for international relations. Canada would be very blessed to have a wise leader like Putin
You conveniently forget to mention that resources belong to the provinces not the federal government.
Why waste money sending an actual reporter to Quebec from Toronto to collect any facts when the Mop and Pail's editorial board can freely snipe and post unsubstantiated innuendo from the CoTU ?
You have no idea what you are talking about. Superficial information without any understanding of reality. One word S400. You are a fool and think you are immune. During the Ukraine crisis I was looking North and West.
Just so you know, one of Harper's officials charged $93,000 in moving expenses CTV is reporting (less than Butts but more than Telford).
Crime, including terrorist crime, must be dealt with, but it must be dealt with without compromising individual rights and freedoms. Incidentally, terrorism is NOT a growing threat, and has never been a significant threat to Canada.
Without unions paving the way for them, Wente, O'Leary et al, indeed all of us, would be working for $2.00 an hour.
Harper was kicked out of office, fool. Can't grasp that simple fact? Are you saying that because Harper did stupid stuff Trudeau should get a free pass? Here's a novel idea for you... if the last government was so bad stop acting like them....
She's clawing rather desperately to slam Trudeau, it seems to me, Anthony.
Now you went and spoiled the all the grumps' Thanksgiving by blowing up the myth that those in social sciences can't do math.
That will be the ballot question for 75% of us, how to orchestrate the heave.
I watch CNN quite often. It's biased in favour of Hillary Clinton. I couldn't care less if Trump thinks Putin is a good leader. I'd like to hear more about Clinton's business with the brutal Saudi dictators.
Scarily, 'Revelations' may have much more to do with the next 4 years than will be healthy for the former non-theocracy called America.'I have one word for you to remember, Benjamin. Dominionism.'
The science is clear. Unless you can come up with your own peer reviewed research that supercedes it - you lose flat out. Gave over.
always was and always will be.......get over it. You have to accpet the things you cannot change.
The fact that police budgets are killing the finances of municipalities throughout North America is hardly new. You are either a dupe or just easily impressed by yet another of Ms. Wente's simplistic and disingenuous articles.
In case you forgot Trump also meddled in the Brexit election and put one more time his foot in his mouth on that occasion...
I admit I could be wrong but could it have anything to do with over 30 million illegals? Oh yeah, they're lying about that too. There is a lot more than 11 million.
Yeah, Mackenzie King and Robert Borden were TOTALLY all about open government.
I agree, the gender war instigation articles are getting very very very old.
Not to mention that many of the couples who wed when marriage was finally legalized had already been together for years if not several decades.
All the science actually says its' harmful. Look up fluoride side-effects or go here. http://fluoridealert.org/issues/health/
IF YOU LIKE TO SEE A MORON... PLEASE LOOK IN THE MIRROR.
Franklin Delano Roosevelt, a leader who towered head and shoulders above the pygmies we've had foisted on us.
'tea Party'--a scattered group of American patriots who believe in fair taxation and smaller Gov't.--what is it you people don't get.
The back room Liberals want Justin Boy for ONE reason--raise money so their debts can be paid...
It's called being objective Ross. As opposed to being a hyper-partisan adolescent.
'Nepean produces lots of people like that,' says Kanata man.
You're right. We should go full Orwellian. Great idea. Let's start with 24 hours cameras on YOU. Let's see what we can get you on. I think, at least speeding. And you probably swear once in a while too.
YUUP/////.......
Tab is recovering from a major medical issue. Starts with an L.sounds like Zobotomy.
Hey kid (savetheplanet) time to grow up.
'Nukes for Canada!'? 'Medication for you' was my first thought. GRWA has a more charitable response.
Right like the judges who still blame women for sexual assault if they wear a short skirt or, heavens, have previously engaged in sexual activity.
http://research.rem.sfu.ca/papers/gunton/NGP%20Spill%20Risk%20Report.pdf
'It's not the government's fault, nor that of the refugees'Excellent commentary.
HuH... this is Canada.. it's part of the culture to over-react to every sob story... then complain anout the results later...
The simple reason for this is that the level of reporting is different in these schools for obvious reasons. It would seem that you get bad studiers from bad data, but that would never prevent Saunders from continuing to promote his agenda.
Why have immigration at all Canada is full..
Ignorance - yes. How else could an articling law student become premier of New Brunswick? How could a drama teacher become Prime Minister?
Ok Globe we know you hate the Liberals. We get it. If only you spent half of this ink criticizing the former government you might have some objective credibility.
Rae wouldn't be caught dead in the cabinet of that anti-democratic creep.
Picard is not a physician.
So the economy should negate any social responsibility? You must have love dictators.
You have a valid point. Somewhere there is a balance and open dialogue within a society that is free to air opinions - will find it. Sure beats what is going on south of our border!
What rubbish. Imperialism brought the modern world to populations that were previously living an existence only one step up from the stone age.
Where has Sanders been for 30 years?
I agree. They don't like him because he tells the truth and is not a lawyer or the son of moneyed politico's like Trudeau. He's a Canadian first, and he has class. Something Trudeau has no idea of.
Not sad, Pat. Pathetic.
In short, apparently the law was "fixed" as in the sentence, "That fight was fixed!"
Lots of intelligent people are not smart. Many smart people are not intelligent. They are not necessarily synonyms.
Good point. It's one thing to be bad guys bent on abusing your own people. It's another to be bad guys who repeatedly threaten to wipe entire countries off the map, and are hell-bent on obtaining the weapons to do so.
Frankly, I really don't want a huge influx of Americans to Canada. We already have too damn many here in Alberta. Maybe when they decide to get civilized I'll change my mind. But Happy 4th of July to you anyway.
In the last 50 years, have more child deaths been the result of measles vaccine or the measles itself? And for bonus points, answer how many measles outbreaks were caused by the measles vaccine?
Living on a remote reserve clinging to aboriginal notions of what the white man owes you is not a recipe for personal success. There is no practical point in including people that have no interest in working in unemployment statistics.
The '97 %' myth has long being discredited as a fabricated number. Real scientist support is somewhere in the 30-40 % who think man MAY have something to do with AGW.
The opposite is true cuz the MSM IS 99% anti Trump. Hillary supporters only read the MSM.
Well said and thank you. Hopefully MW will actually read.
Back in the 1970's the UN predicted 20 billion by the year 2000. The population doomsday scenario is the gift that keeps on giving.
Dementia was the cause of death of three Right Wing leaders Regan, Klein and now Thatcher, is it a sign of insanity with these Conservatives? Harper is prime example .
shhhhhhh. . . Don't disrupt the narrative.
You realize that those talking about what Sophie wore were women right? I challenge you to find a man who cares. So how can men be responsible?
The are all still singing from their campaign song book that did not turned out so well....
its sudbury saturday night!
D?j? vu bushy tales all over again. 'you' re either with us or against us'.Let's not join the saudis clubs.
'I'm from the government. I'm here to help!'
Marxist, politically correct drivel.
They have a soft corner for co-religionists.
Nobody has missed a meal over it yet. The Australian solution will arrive in short order.
3P, how dare you confuse the issue with facts.
Trump has a pretty spotty success record and a history of talking first and thinking second.
i think the G&M is desperate to keep it's subscribers. i wonder how many they lost when they endorsed Hudak?
Kill the rich. Problem solved!!
Well KaelThas, good parents don't fight over their children. If you spent a fortune feeding some venal lawyer, you have only yourself to blame.
Really?! This endorsement doesn't make any sense at all. Canadians have had enough of Steven Harper AND the Conservatives.
Getting 'Trudeau' and 'naked' in the same headline may be the best that comes of this tawdry incident for the Liberals.
We're talking about abortion pills. Before there can be a male abortion pill, men would have to be getting pregnant.
While I almost never agree with Simpson's columns, I think that he did a good job here, as he does raise some valid points. I do wonder though if he would be so critical if a mediocre NDP supporter were appointed.
They want free speech and satire as long as the fundamentalist Muslims are not offended.
EDC Bank is crown corp
If you had read the entire editorial you would have seen they are discussing the Liberals tomorrow.
Even Republicans will quietly vote for Hillary especially after Trump's weekend's comments about the couple who spoke about their military son who was killed, and his negative comments about Gen. Allen. The man is in need of a good doctor.
Rubio will not get the Latino vote. he will get the Florida Cuban vote. The Latinos of Mexico will never vote for him. They hate all the perks the Americans gave to the exiled Cubans.
Conservatives hate the CBC. They see its even-handed reportage as bias against them. They want a propaganda tool they can control.
How is Harper going to take on ISIS from inside a closet ?
'foreseeable future' juxtaposed with a party and constituency with a backward-looking ideology.
'opportunistic liar' - in a nutshell. Thanks.
take your best shot
The coverage of the Cologne attacks is just the media trying to spread anti immigrant hysteria
Good question Rob.
As if you have brought anything useful to this debate either Looner but the same talking points as I have. Something your partisan brain can't accept. Merry Xmas to you too
Tried and failed.
saying Quebec should give the west there money back from transfer payment??? Do u use oil and gas--u hypocrite?? Do get social programs paid by the oil and gas sector--hypocrite.Get a job.
Incarceration !
Yes, and what a life for both of the children, Butterfly131.
Such a mindless, uncritical review. Do your homework
Perhaps, given that it is Hallowe'en the Conservatives can all dress as passengers on the Titanic. They can party on while the ship slowly sinks.
Khadr is a traitor and Liz is a joke. The irony is Khadr has probably done more good for Canada than Liz. She should just go back to the States.
@Rich Mole Glad to hear it from someone else that understands the reality. Besides oil, the mineral wealth locked in Canada's Arctic is worth trillions. We have only started to scratch the surface of the resources in the far north.
http://www.salon.com/2016/01/25/5_reasons_ted_cruz_is_even_more_dangerous_than_donald_trump_partner/
arab culture do not compliment western culture there will be many many problems to come
Where were the People Not Condos' lobby 11 years ago? Too busy being hypnotized by David Miller's broom.
Maybe so, but it should be quite clear that today, we actually need the Charter to protect us from the abuses of government.
He does have a Harvard MBA but clearly it has not helped him.
I'm responding to Mike. Lots of highly educated people are no good at math. Investigative journalists (not the job Ms Wente is currently doing) know enough to call upon experts in other fields (including accountancy) if needed for a story or series.
It shouldn't require 70% to change the CPP rate either.
is that more or less than Chretien makes? Besides Chretiens' Demarais allowance, that is..
Don't much care for Gordon Lightfoot's musicAnd don't much care for Alice Munro''s stories either. They have their place, but not in the same place as Dylan.
All that tear-jerking just to wind up as an attack on the Liberal government. Perverse.
' a celebrity, who doesn't know what he is talking about, '-------------And lamentable Lamont so clearly does. :)
GWB only won his second election. The first one was given to him by his brother Jeb who was governor of Florida.
London is a dump in a dumpy country.
It's not hard to find out that Saudi Arabia would not exist without US support.
The financial accountability that Mr. Harper brought in to ensure the money sent to aboriginals was actually used for its intended purposes.
DUMP THEM BOTH! These monuments do not serve the public, they merely, Harper style, harangue them.
Very well put, Jim. To each, their own choice, about pain and suffering at life's end, not decided by the nattering of those whose religiosity knows no bounds.
Yeah and somebody could give me return airfare and $10,000 if I went to Iraq and endured 30 minutes of front-line sniper fire... and I'd probably say no to that, too.
Alex0072, so are you a neighbour, friend, or relative?
Surely you can always trust the press to be neutral !
'Hugo Chavez leaves a mess behind ' ... yeah, so did McGuinty, and ours is a so-called democracy, so what's your point ?
What do you mean? I was going to move there to get away from all the shootings in Winnipeg!
Not sure about freedom and democracy, but certainly the majority of voters that turned out prevailed. Having said that, any way you look at this, England is going to be a poorer nation going forward, there is just no way around that. .
Only if greens would support some pipelines and Nuclear with stringent regulation, instead of putting their head in sand.
they are counting on more hugs from the sheep
In the age of the internet and 500 channels on TV only the mind confined in a LEFTIST box would turn to the CBC exclusively to be informedas they say - think outside the LEFTIST box
Spare everyone your drivel you rambling fool. Your chance to work toward prosperity was not stolen. You're just too stupid and/or lazy.
Why isn't Harper denouncing 30 - 40 people burned or beaten to death by the Nazis in Odessa ?
It galling and tasteless for the Globe in its first paragraph to to refer to '6 innocent lives' and talk about how women are victimized when 4 out of those 6 murdered people were men.
So how is that mann made global warming research grant coming along ?
Your opinion is worthless - despite the caps.
What constitutional lawyer? The one I talked to said it is not in the constitution. When did we decide to do FPTP?
They could start by adopting the values of the country they supposedly CHOSE.
Check out the OPPA website and the answers to their election questionnaire - we're on your side from the Libs; general pap from the NDP; One million jobs - what questions? from Tim. That's what's behind the ads.
Your estate pays capital gains taxes on deemed disposals on your death
This is an editorial. By definition, it is opinion.
Who would thumbs down on this statement----kind of makes one wonder who is pulling the strings here.
You're inadvertently correct: this is *not* a controlled experiment. And we're conducting it on our one and only atmosphere.
1. Swastika is not a religious symbol but political2. Re couple don't want to get married by head scarf person. Exercise critical faculty and say ' no' get me another dude.
Source of that survey? I find that hard to believe.
Interesting times we are in....here is the perfect clash of cultures... mediaeval vs modern....who would have thought this could be a world wide problem in the 21st century...
Exactly! Thank you.
Why aren't kids allowed to run at recess? Is this all schools?
This one won't be forgotten.
ahhhhhhhhhh....and then life will be sweeeet and all evil will be gone
Stephen Harper is a psychopath. He has no moral compass - he has no compass of any kind except self-interest.
The key question for those who would siupport WRA is...what spending would they cut, if they are going to cut taxes?
Writing HS reports is easier. The elementary teacher is the work horse of the system.
the southern hemispehere is colder than the norther hemisphere...
When will that start? Show up in Islamabad and I will believe you.
Here comes the Globes endorsement of the corrupt harper regime....again.
I feel sorry for the students of Brock University, and their parents
The US has been shipping Alaskan oil down the west coast for nearly 50 years. Do you think they are going to pay any notice at all to the squeaking of some fool like Trudeau?
Pay them more
Maureen McGovern is warming up to sing the theme for your disaster scenario.
Like his role model GWB, I call him an End Times Facilitator. I'm hoping there is a G-d, so She will intervene.
Having the legal right to do something, and the doing of it are not the same thing.
The same goes for Jeffrey Simpson, by the way.
Not an answer. All I am hearing is political partisanship and no explanations.
Special? Are you kidding?
Yes, and that is the primary reason money flows to the US in times of world stress.
Bloody Tories!!
The problem is that after sexualizing themselves they complain that men treat them as sex objects; you can't have it both ways, but that is exactly what they want... to have their cake and eat it too.
Have you walked by the bank manager's parking lot lately? Must be nice sitting on your a@# losing other people's money. Complain about that.
And who exactly would decide who has sufficient merit to serve in government?
Work: you prove Llewellen's point nicely.
Three marriages, several bankrupt periods, inherited wealth, so whats your point?? For some its called life!
Canada doesnt officially recognize that principle and only recognizes feeedom of religion for certain religions, ie: those large enough to effect the vote.
Aha! The truth is finally told. That Republican slate is so full of light-weights it could probably float.
Liberals got a leader because of who his father was, not a bad idea for Conservatives to get Gretzky, though I'm sure he wouldn't give it a moment's thought. I say Cons need Ben Mulroney as leader, only hope to dethrone Shiny Pony.
I'm sure if Harper resigned, you'd call him cowardly. And if he remains, you'll claim that it's proof of his intransigence, pig-headedness and dictatorial nature.
Come on, say the phrase 'job creators' ? you know you want to. Trickle down economics has always been a tough sell in Canada. It's about to get tougher.
Of course. No one wanted to hear Harper's uptight (but true!) message that Canada was broke, could not do much about oil sands pollution, but would try to do a little in the middle east.
Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results. Albert Einstein
and you're one of them
The most successful couples don't worry about this stuff. They split up work based on what they're good at, what they enjoy, and what their schedules allow. Why its anyone else's business how they split the chores is beyond me.
It won't happen... have you ever seen a politician with balls? They don't exist. Like Santa Clause.
George. Indeed. Will that happen before the environmental apocalypse or after?
like distancing the liberal party from the senate, something that should have been done in 1867.
Another example of the wrongheaded Canadian judiciary. If the child dies the parent AND the judge should be charged with criminal negligence causing death.
Maybe the Christy led BC liberals behind closed doors think that trying to restrain CO2 emissions will do more economic harm than anything for the environment , as if it's a 'solution looking for a problem '.
I expect that the growth of Islam will not be countered by the growth of Christianity, but by the growth of secularism, especially within 'Muslim' territories.
Harper was a classical 'quisling' and traitor to the best interests of this country.
As I said, ignorance is bliss.
the Liberals ARE the centrist party
Or with the Ford brothers!
I love to study it. There are some nasty, nasty girls out there, wow.
Nah, sorry I hope not.
I wouldn't object to dancing naked Norwegians in Banff but I get the point
You mean Picket Line Mulcair? He needs to know that you can't set up picket lines in the House of Commons.
The only time I have ever vote conservative was got Joe Clark, a fine man.
Millions of people are placing orders now.
You must have misunderstood or perhaps I was not sufficiently clear. I was talking about heavy oil. You requested a source: here it is. http://www.ipolitics.ca/2014/07/18/how-clean-is-our-dirty-oil-youd-be-surprised/
France should demand the return of their gift of the Statue of Liberty!
Did you think this was so well written and thoughtful when you posted this 2 weeks ago that you had to cut and paste again? It was corny crud the first time.
ho hum... is it the week end yet...
I'm glad everything is OK then, I'll stick my head back in the sand.
Drat! Who let the cat out of the bag? That was supposed to be a secret.
As the only actual anti-war voice, I would have no problem at all with a continuation of the Orange Wave.
Like everything else Harper has done, it's going to be 'everything for the corporate friends of Conservatism'.
I could go on ad nauseum about the gist of this article and refute the author, but you've stated it so well that there is no need for me to do so.
Sorry but Nazis were actually on the ultra far left.
You just go down to Toronto and protest at the g20 with that message and see what happens to you.
I know, NetNub - just having a little fun. But seriously, those lectures - if the universities want them - should be about lessons learned, once they are learned.
diction is obviously a hill too far
They get their perverse pleasure of sticking the rest of us in the eye. Let's stop them once and for all.
No, we should just execute them. Unfortunately there are too many p*ssies like you who would complain. So just throw away the key. And yes, life should mean life and those criminals should never even have the option to be paroled.
- all good, but not the last point - the money saved would just go into more tax cuts for the wealthy - the debt (not deficit) is not meant to be paid down - it's a great way to transfer tens of billions of dollars from taxpayers to the wealthy ...
Not only knew the game but tried to fix the outcome with the help of the MSM. It's the best measure of just how much Americans hate the Clinton mob
You must be one of the 'alt-right' crowd- just read their Breitbart manifesto.
No it is for her food budget
More like Trudeau's Fanzine.
To be secure, you should really have 2 of the following 3:a) something you haveb) something you knowc) something you areFingerprints and passwords alone as just 'something you know'.
What crime did he commit against Canada or Canadians? He was in Afghanistan fighting Americans.
And rear ender and not from running a red light?
Mr. Obviously Wrong. The fools who put the plants there are the ones who will bear the responsibility for their cancellation. If you took of your Liberal Lackey jersey you would know that already.
Okay. Why exactly would the conservative German core wish to be Islamised?
@TomZ And I can see you are a shill for China.
A real PM. Thanks for the service to your country. Our current PM is an American want to be. Steven Harper is a Dominionist Evangelical warlord. The incrementalism idiot who hides behind 'economic freedom' as the Trojan horse of the oligarchy.
Grow up! Who do you think pays for all of these lavish social programs? You and everyone else in Quebec need to understand that you must pay your own way.
Etirements avec presence attentive = mindful stretching. Simple.
If anyone thinks I support Harper , just check my other posts,
A 'Canadian' committing a crime in a FOREIGN land against another country. His Canadian rights end at the Canadian border and he is subject to the laws of the country he committed his crime in like Afghanistan. He should have been tried there!
Yeah? Wait til you need your liver transplant. You wanna cover that on your own?
If you want to make an informed comment, you could google Clinton's tax return. She pays taxes and her tax returns for at least two decades are available online. BTW you don't 'loose' money, you 'lose' money.
Oftentimes boys are lazy. Sometimes girls won't get their painted fingernails dirty or their makeup smudged. This is a real dumb article.
shiftless wrote: "So we're..." Who's this "we"? We don't use robots, only a very few own and use robots, that's the whole point of the article.
Our health care, CPP, OAS, free schools, subsidised universities, non toll highways, etc are also symbols of socialism. So is providing government aid to car companies (in 2008) and Bombardier.
Lots of backslapping and premature congratulations by political hacks and mainstream media shills, doing the 'circle jerk', with how well things supposedly went.
I'll see your "one term" and raise you one "back of the bus" and "we won, you lost".
[ They are, whatever the outcome, going to be the heirs to 1968.]And about time, too.
Excuse the error: Teachers in the public system can be fired for doing the same as the Catholics, not the opposite.
April fool ?
http://www.madmoizelle.com/etudiante-filme-harcelement-verbal-117901
You relax Picard. If I'm afflicted with this disease, I'm not going to take a 'don't worry be happy' attitude.
I suspect they are.
Where I live riding year round on a bike isn't feasible. I hope you don't ride on sidewalks, those are reserved for walkers like me. Pass me on my sidewalk at your risk of a shoulder check!
They just got out of prison, who else would come to Canada in the 1800's? heck most immigrants even today would prefer the USA.
I guess you call a modern economy, healthcare and education for all "our own mess".
All sides of the argument have been looked at. Pipelines are the safest way to move oil. Build them.
Sure your name isn't BC Bud ?
am looking and have looked.................. again elaboration please
I worked with people from that part of England and whenever I'm around the accent, it starts again. It's a tough habit to break.
HW Nelson and David Lewis are incorrect, s_s is correct. The contribution is 50/50, as are most pensions, private and public.
Immigrant usually have higher IQ and an advantage to be in a new economic.
Everyone pay attention to Jack. He's an excellent example of the problem we have when self interest takes the place of reason. Imagine what it must be like to work with/for him or live next door.
Canadian voters shook up the Canadian political landscape electing a young PM!American voters shook up the American political landscape electing a young PRES! One was 42 and the other 43. Only the 42 year old was not actually elected to his position.
So a former Secretary of State and Two-term Senator is, in your mind, worse than a clown with no understanding of how the Government works and what the Constitution says. That soesn't say much good about your thought processes.
It is Karl, with a K. His Daddy was an admirer if Karl Marx (so the story goes). Go figure.
No need to attack. Just stop sending arms to them, see who is funding the crap around the world and block their $. That would be a good start.
besides 'child rape' in the church is Les Battersby concerned with child rape OUTSIDE the churchlots of it there also but does Les care?
the cabinet is quota based..............
Trudeau has already shown he's "like every other Liberal..."
Please - there's nothing centrist about Harper or his party. Next you'll be trying to tell us that the Cons are left of both the Republicans and the Democrats. Absurd.
nolz, just from what I can tell from the story, they're not the _sole_ creditor / investor in the building. That means they can't just scoop it automatically -- because it has a market value greater than the loan itself.
'Russia has recently made a habit of violating the airspace of its neighbours (not to mention the territory of Ukraine)'Outright lying like that is a betrayal of your readership.
P. Logan - nicely reasoned.(But ya know - paragraphs are not a commie plot...)
Seems to me that they both saw big bucks in banking and lobbying and went for it, not unlike many a politician before them.
That I can agree with.
Pretty much sums it up. I like the windmills though. From a distance.
Ask socialist Manitoba how the wind farms are doing?
It was a .223 and they're all pretty much the same, Sig Sauer, AR-15. They're for shooting people, not game.
Chris, you must be the same age as the Petersen kids. Yes, show respect. But how does this tie up to the Prime Minister?
LOL the writer 'admires' these things about Canada.. but has chosen to live in the USA and continues to live there.. for 'some reason'even with the 'promising' PM Photo- OP..when she does not have to live with the consequences..
I agree.... it's just too coincidental and a rinse and repeat...... of Hussein, Al Qaeda, big oil and let's not forget to throw in cold war Russian mantra.... a previous US state department CIA etc. that won't let go of the past....?
Yes, let's fabricate an argument on a premise that is never likely to happen. Mulcair and Trudeau cowards? Hey, they're not who is afraid of the Islamic bogeyman in the Middle East. Neither am I? Are you afraid of them?
'Is there a 15-year pause in warming? ? Nope!'Absolutely right. It might go on much longer than that.
Vilification is acceptable for persons who behave in a vile manner.
How's that Conservative minority government working out for you Globe? Oh right ...
The painful exercise of figuring out what to do with all the money we save by Quebec leaving and children would need to replace french language classes with something more useful, like dodge ball or finger painting.
[Non-binary conversation.] Does not compute...
Free at last! Free at last! Just cancelled!
Why would any company even consider developing a resource play in Canada when it's pretty clear that your approvals are based on political whim rather than sound science. Canada's future in energy and mining is finished.
Every society hates women. It's true. We're doomed. As a whole.
It is.But so is our tar sands.
You can't even spell Enbridge. Good luck, Uucluelet, you obviously need it.
Now you're getting somewhere. There is more to this than the result of a single traffic stop.
oh yes we are, read Von Mises' post. We are all responsible and guilty to a degree.
Keep drinking harper kool aid.
I could see Weener beating Ford in the next mayoral election in Toronto.
Um ,weather perhaps Daryl? Exactly how much walking and biking do you think the average Saskatoonian did this past winter, with an average temp of -20 to -30, before the wind chill?
Then why do the Liberal thumb monkeys constantly put down the Conservatives for doing the same thing during hard times?
23-27 failed in the real world
is there a difference
Oh they don't mean their own communities. Somebody else's of course
Ron THAT was funny. Brian never listens though.
To paraphrase J.S.Mill...Certainly not all conservatives are knuckle dragging cretins, but nearly all knuckle dragging cretins are conservatives. Funny how that works, do you suppose that it's genetic?
It looks like Simpson is a Harper campaign volunteer!
'This is an extremely bright, ambitious, competitive woman who would love nothing more than to exceed her predecessor's time in office.'Sorry... you lost me after the first comma.
So let me get this straight ... AP is lying because the WaPo says so?Pot meet kettle.
Answer: Do what a handful of brave men and women did in eastern Ukraine. Blunt Russian imperialism.
I use a similar product. Herbal tea. Works even better when consumed during a warm bath.
If you want to witness Olympian scale stupidity just check out the SJWs at any anti Trump rally! They look like this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JcUi5_eNoqk
Hilarious! Absolutely love the comparison of Assange to Gollum. The power Assange believes he holds corrupts him like the Ring corrupts Gollum.
I could never understand the new version of 'could care less' . It now makes awkward sense .
@mareeyou're perception is warped and offensive. Saying that most men rape is saying that you hate most men. Again, in your perfect world, men would not exist.
how did skip the article writer
Patient45: valeat quantum valere potest
The Globe ownership needs to stop hanging around the Fords so much. All that crack isn't helping.
A noted Russian scholar....I'm convinced then
The smell.
No, our current system doesn't work well. It alienates millions upon millions of Canadians - francophone, allophone and yes anglophone and has for a long time.
Duceppe may hold Mulcair to account for his piracy of much of BQ policy regarding Quebec separation. What's interesting is that this might do more harm to Mulcair in the ROC than in Quebec.
Did Dr Spence help? a little plagerism ??
Most of our hospitals would fail a rigorous ISO protocol quality audit !
Bettman is so full of it his eyes are brown
The 'Liberals' are still the Social Credit 'moral majority' party in BC, no matter what the name.
A good article from Saunders will be when he writes that he's quitting being a 'journalist'
Chretien's gov't also balanced the books from the previous Con gov't, paid 100 billion off on our debt, regulated the banks against Harper's rantings thus preventing the meltdown that happened south of the border, etc.
So you'd be okay with widely accessible and free birth control and mandatory and up-to-date sex ed classes. I'm okay with that, but most evangelicals aren't.
Quite confident you were never going to vote for Trudeau anyways, so why does it matterThis policy DOES matter to over 65%+ of Canadians though
Wouldn't we say that plagiarism is technically a form of stealing a job? Wouldn't we?
Mr. Callahan, You sound like a government official with holding documents than demanding proof from the documents you are keeping secret. Like Frodo suddenly asking, 'What's in my pocket?'
Yep. On the surface, it promotes women's equality, but it really just destroys the family unit.
Congratulations Canada! I have to wonder though, just how fresh, balanced and meritous this cabinet would have looked if were welcoming in the Harper Conservatives without Harper - as this 'newspaper' had endorsed.
Life isn't all about money. But money, as with sex and air, is one of those things you don't give a lot of thought to until you don't have any. Then it is REALLY important.
Utter nonsense! That doesn't work anymore. We finally got it.
How does this relate to Finland's much higher suicide rate than Canada's?16.8 per 100, 000 vs 11.5 per 100, 000 in Canada. Maybe cradle to grave security isn't all it's made out to be?
Wente never lets the facts get in her way. She relies on the relative ignorance of the general public...
How nice! whiskycharlie crawled out the the cesspool to post.
I know many 15 and younger kids that ran away from home for a lot less. This guy knew exactly why they were going to a war zone and it wasn't on any peace mission.
Only because it was Putin that planted the flag at the North Pole instead of China.
They're not proud of being gay.
?Revenue-neutral? by law, the policy requires equivalent cuts to other taxes'What I don't understand is that it decreases citizens taxes to offset increases in carbon emitters! Why would anyone hate this?
Mira - Were you just as certain about the tragedy in the Walkerton?
That's funny!!
Your comment is related to this issue how?
You can't smoke anything that distorts reality as badly as the G&M saw it in 2011.
At least one of the cops in a recent shooting had completed 2 tours in the Middle East before training to be a cop. Knowledge of handling fire arms is not likely an issue for him
Well what ever your view of Trump's potential impact on Ontario and Canada, it certainly would pale when compared to the damage the Liberals have, are and are planning to do to Ontario and Canada's economic health.
Thank you, I couldn't have said it any better.
I am so happy for him! Awesome and congrats! And I am proud of all the fans who voted for him! The rest of NHL just kind of has become a farce!
Do him a favor and keep repeating your comment as often as possible.
Mayor Ford will keeping digging a bigger hole for himself that he will not be able to escape. Wait until January 2nd, 2014 and if he hasn't registered to run again that day then you will know that he has realized the gig is up for him as well.
Stand down yourself, general. Your former troops deserve better than an apologist for Harperbole and Fantasy Man.
Strange, considering on a CT news poll 2 days ago asking to rate how Notley and her government have done over the last 12 months. Grade A to F.62% voted Grade F.
Yeah. Under FPTP Jughead got 180 seats from 39% of the vote. Under the system the LIEberals want (ranked ballot) they would have got 210 seats from 39%. that's the way to rectify democratic imbalances alright....in 3rd world dictator fashion.
Nope, I actually use a password manager and sync my passwords across all devices via the internet. They are secured with a single, strong password.
Same economic philosophy. Same results.
It's not 'your' country. It's 'OUR' country and if you don't like things the way they are try change them. If you fail, then suck it up till next time.
They should be covered the way that housing is also covered. Our difficulty is that many people who are completely capable of taking care of themselves are being paid for by the taxpayer.
Hillary Clinton may not be the best choice, although she might be a lot better than the great American public realises, she is so far above Trump, who will poison the landscape for more than generation.
The clans of Filipinos who speak Tagalog at work all day and never interact outside their own ethnic group are proof of the wonders of multiculturalism.
Thank you, bookmark... will spread... Cheers Miles,
I'm looking but I haven's seen any fallout yet. What is it you see? Our own markets - and it seems this is supposed to be ALL ABOUT the economy - are up wildly.
Women should be employed in military interrogation, they could torture the Taliban with the dreaded 'silent treatment.'
Which is precisely what you've been spouting on these boards too - blinkered partisan nonsense.
I think the problem is that many people learn things too late, partly from lack of self awareness, but also because our culture and some ideologies encourage behaviour that is not consistent with longer term happiness of many people.
the recession didn't end in 2009 ...and for most countries, the so called recovery is still in its infancy
The United Nothing.
Some people didn't like Camelot, either! But it survived pretty well in the history books.
And by the third generation they are hockey playing Tim Horton's swilling Canadians. Just like the Irish, Italians, dutch, Germans before them.
Hahahaha! Funny post. I hate funny posts. Well-deserving of -20 votes. Posters here hate posters being funny.
You are right on the change in earth orbit. Most people are totally unaware of that and a lot of other things. Regards, Cyberclark
What Harper Government? There is no government. It's the one man show, the Party of One, the one and only Stephen Harper.
Sadism, courtesy of Alexander and Harper ..... brought to you by your Canadian Conservative Party.
Higher income "old guys" (i.e. taxpayers) don't get their OAS. It gets clawed back..
Much the same way Al Capone was a huge supporter of alcohol prohibition. That's where the phrase bootleggers and baptists came from as those were the two groups supporting alcohol prohibition.
Interesting take but not quite a fair comparison. Russia was intervening in a population with lots of ethnic Russians. The U.S. was a totally foreign intervener in the examples you put forth.
Saunders believes in opening the flood gates of immigration - he should be Minister of Immigration - has Justin noticed him yet ?
What about his dump in the hockey rinks, parks, and christie pits in Toronto.
Well said Margaret.
Great analysis of a bizarre situation in an ever increasingly bizarre province.
Thanks for your incoherent screed.
Time for you my liberal friend to grow a thicker skin!
Because he promised them change and hope that was then drilled into the ground by the obstructionist Republicans. Oh, and he was also a man.
Racism does have meaning, denying it is racist!
How about both sides not being parochial and doing what is best for the country? Confederation has worked perfectly well before Harper by give and take and letting the boundaries blur a little bit.
You cannot deny the damage to teeth of kids of the poor in this fiasco.
guns and violence are not the answer, unless you are a very disturbed person. What goes around comes around.
@Just the Fact24, you have the nerve to call others "low information" but you can barely form a coherent, grammatically correct sentence. Are you sure you're not the one toking?
Pls advse the last time a Canadian PM received more than 50% of the vote.
Do you think Alberta will be gracious enough to take Harper back... after the 2015 comeuppance... at least Mulroney had the brains to line up the patronage Directorships... Harper should be lining up his OIl Patch Directorships... soon...
Thanks for the little dose if common sense
That's not true.  There are tons of things in leases and contracts that are completely unenforceable, whether both parties agree or not
Globe and Mail, how about you worry about Toronto and Ontario and leave BC to British Columbians. Freaking Ontario 'newspaper', you think anyone west of Manitoba cares what you think?
I'll take the bodybuilder, thank you.
Less we forget!
And they have not dealt with their slavery past. Until they come to grips with their racism, there will be no progress in their democracy.
Yah if you want to read crazy thinking go and read the comments on the Tstar's measles article. I'd really like to see an article on the demographics of anti-vaxxers.
Yea, just like a woman: hen-peck and complain about being treated unfair, but still expect somebody else to to do the heavy lifting.
The biigest threat is fro within and it'snot Trump. It's from those who write thisdrivel. D. Trump, President of USA, 2016
Lets just concentrate on water and sewer problems and we will do more for mankind. By the way why do most Canadians liv e in the southern regions? What is the population of Brazil?
Afghanistan did not attack the USA with airliners. They were Saudis.
Jack Canuck - the recent NDP government here in Nova Scotia has convinced me of their incompetence - I'd be ok with Mulcair were he top dog of the Liberal party, but given our choices, I stand by my comment.
Your "straw man" accusation works both way. Those "straw persons" are more offended by who said it than by what was actually said. It is all for political show.
This fits right in with another historical fact : Europeans supplying natives with smallpox infested Hudson Bay blankets, so this tactic should not surprise one in the least.
Yes, because we have a burgeoning elderly population problem, which will cost lots of money. It's cheaper to kill them boomers off when the time comes.
...actually there were special needs kids... Monkey boy here was one of them... they just were not identified and helped in any way.... and the consequence of that was adults like Monkey boy here : ) Thanks.
Oh silly bylaw enforcement officer take my advice. Pull down your pants and slide on the ice.
MaRS ? Is that in the MaRS building that sits half empty across from Queen, s Park and remains one of the liberals cheaper but clearly visible money pits.
As an immigrant I resent uninvited illegal economic intruders being dignified by the term'immigrant'.
So, do the Indians not drive vehicles and heat their homes? Or are they powered by buffalo chips?
You need to post that everywhere in case people miss it. Everywhere.
In two more years, you too will change your mind.
Whatever, he speaks with forked tongue.
Good point. Political expediency trumping common sense and decency.
About time Canada became known for a stand on ...... well, ..... anything!
Actally, McLeans magazine featured corruption in Qebec, was roundly condemmed for it in the HOC, and forced to apologize for telling the truth.
Nice to know that you fervently hope our government will fail. Time to move to the US, I'd say, The Tea Party awaits you.
Oh please let Moonbeam run for the NDP leadership. That will kill two birds with one stone and we will be free of this Doofus!
'Israeli hospitals serve Jews, Arabs and Palestinians'Yes, that's if a Palestinian can even get to the hospital in time between trying to take an ambulance that could take 2 hours to arrive and navigating through a checkpoint
' As for Mr. Ghomeshi, does this verdict mean he didn?t do it? Not at all.'Too bad that the legal system does not have a recourse for this situation. It's more for black and white issues- not shades of grey.
Toronto mayor-elect John Tory backs Uber - great that Toronto has a sane mayorhttp://www.theglobeandmail.com/report-on-business/uber-like-taxi-apps-good-for-consumers-competition-bureau-says/article21757310/
it is always wrong to hide the truth
Excellent post!
Doctor ChristineI've never voted Liberal but there's always a first for everything........like making sense?
Gee TDM, I thought you would have been 100% behind the re - assembly of the Soviet Union, Communism, etc.
The army has never been 'Royal' here or in Britain. Individual regiments and corps were 'Royal'.
It's time for sunny boy to get off the fence and move ahead with the pipeline projects east and west. As far as Quebec is concerned, they have forgotten about Lac Magentic already???
Great article , Jeffrey! Are you listening, Kathleen?
Maybe equality is the new opium?
Mr. Page is pompous bureaucrat. A perfect Liberal.
You are very ill-informed.
"Were you born in Afghanistan?" "i believe that I was."
If they paid the lower Filipino wages, they would be saving taxpayers money.
That's exactly what he writes in this column! Using almost those words.
towf2011: Boo!
Or is Canada too politically correct to name August 1st 'General Wolfe Day'? If not for Wolfe and his leadership ......
There isn't any 'reason for mercy' except that most religions command us to exercise it.
'Absolute power corrupts absolutely.' Even strong personalities are victims of power and JT isn't exactly strong or bright and obviously has very little impulse control. I guess I'm describing a child aren't I?
thule - good posts. A lot of the NDP party members and supporters are in complete denial about how their rhetoric sounds to average Canadians.
I wouldn't have the stomach to watch. I don't have the stomach for this one-man govt. 2015 can't come fast enough. The trash really needs to be taken tot he curb.
Of course. The UN and other parasites of the earth are so happy to have Canada's money bags shoveled at them again.
Not sure why you're getting voted down. It's hardly a secret, for example, that Obama has been stymied on the Hill in significant part because a lot of Americans still can't stomach having a black dude in the White House.
You expected what from the Globe ?
Speaking of 'sad,' this is just one of the hundreds of names used by the imposter troll. In this case, you can tell by the period after the name of a regular Globe commenter.
Yes, because all those Arab dictatorships and lack of education thoughout the Arab world have absolutely nothing to do with the problems that are running rampant throughout the Middle East.
I cant believe they didnt teach these topics in secobdary school. Shows how low are school system has sunk
Truly scary !Time to pack ....
I am so old, I can remember when the same thing was said in the '60s about educational TV ....
Gregorj: What's worse - 100, 000 silly servant jobs via Hudak, or 100, 000 private sector jobs via McWynnie?
That's right, it's a democratic majority government, but Harper thinks he's a dictator.
the experiment is almost over, americans do not want another corrupt liberal government
'Quebec?s harsh budget shows what?s in store if Ontario Liberals can borrow and spend. Heavy borrowing to finance rich social programs can only be sustained until the debt gets out of hand. Yet that is what Ontario is contemplating.' -National Post
All teachers must read thisOntario?s teachers are overpaidAllan Richarz, National Post | August 25, 2015 | Last Updated: Aug 26 2:14 PM ET
Except we don't even really have three competitors. Bell and Telus have effectively become one entity since they decided to share a single network.
Likely, Quebec government would like to increase immigration, but pure laine only please, which is really self defeating, unless people from France decided to immigrate in quantities, which is not likely.
http://www.formsofaddress.info/Names.html
How about facts and intelligent arguments rather then name calling? We have lowered our standards in many more areas then just international relations.
No. The experts don't disagree. They agree that there is no biological basis for "race".
Jim Prentice did not have to call an election, he could, perhaps, should have waited until2016, but he felt he was in a good position, but Allison Redford did a lot of damage to thePC brand and Rachel Notley run a good campaign.
And how green is the battery for that thing? If using a bike, pedal.
So which member of the Thompson family wrote this editorial?
There is a word that accurately describes those who fear terror to the point that they are willing to compromise individual rights and freedoms in an attempt to fight it. Those people are called 'cowards'.
do you have any idea that tens of thousands of muslims have been killed by fellow muslims every years for centuries? The various sects, tribes and nation states of the muslim world have been hating and killing each other for centuries
Thank-you for this moderate and sensible essay in the midst of a cacophony of ignorance and bile spewed since Castro died.
Communism works soooo much better...
Is she? Both are responsible under any circumstances.
^^Really?And what kind of stores would those be? Walmart aims to be one stop shopping - which means there are precious few small business they don't compete with. Get a clue.
Hi, dear Alborzagros, how are you?I woyld like just to say thank you, because you opened this page! See you soon! 
so is eating shellfish and wearing clothes of mixed fabrics, but I don't see many Christians boycotting Red Lobster or Walmart
The Globe showed its true colours in taking so long to address such a slur on its watch. Old-stock media dutifully serving an old-stock audience, nicely aligned with Harper's fear mongering. Oh, for a new Canada.
Wasn't this lawful immigration? That's not what is being faced today in the Mediterranean.
NO to Olympics and YES to Syrian refugees. I guess Canada is no longer (or never was) a meritocracy.
I bet you would have allowed hitler to continue his ways too?
In the case of this artcile, I think you need to review what 'hyper-hysterical' means. I wouldn't use hysterical to describe the contents of the article, silly perhaps, but not hysterical.
We used to. God Save the Queen was played at he end of a movie when I was a Kid.
How about 'Pride goes before a fall.' ---- and in Black's case, after one, as well.
How is that embarrassing?
When they become Prime Minister they can get a staff too
yanukovich may have been elected and accepted, doesn't mean he was honest or had integrity, nor does that mean his regime was above board.
I didn't know anything about this issue before I read the article. 
The problem for Obama is that the US is against the Syrian government & is opposed to those fighting the Syrian government. Do you support the side that says 'Death to America' or the other side which says 'Death to America'?
HJK: With a nod to 'Men in Black' your proposition is acceptable.
JHsassYou are free to volunteer for the 14 year prison sentence.
What is fascinating in this address by Linden McIntyre are the repeated references to the sexual abuse scandals of the Catholic church and the absence of any reference to the Jimmy Savile scandal at the B.B.C.
If not the duty of government to save us from ourselves, at least not actively exploit us... there will always be gamblers with problems - that doesn't really make it ok for the government to use them as a revenue stream.
I'm really confused. If all charges were dismissed, why was he in jail. What am I missing here?
SK : actually, if you look at say the '5%', I would bet government workers already make up the bulk...
It's really not so simple, dolier. You are advocating dogma, not science.
oh, please. Enough.
Hmmm please quote the speech or press conference where he said this? Oh yeah... this is what the MSM told you sheep to think...
Somebody voted me down but provided no clue as to what Juneau said that Canada should have done. This column is an empty opinion piece to dump on the Liberals with no value added.
I don't know about 'constitutionalizing'. Parties are most certainly already legally recognized and given great power by both law and Parliamentary Rules.
Yes, they did.
Sounds like you've had a bad experience with cops. Don't worry, dope will be legal soon and maybe just maybe you can get your record cleared.
Are you being deliberately obtuse?
dave-in-actonYou are not alone sir. You are not alone. If one of us ran on the 'None of the Above' ticket, we'd win a majority government.
But many Americans want Obama to support the anti Syrian forces then close their eyes and pretend the anti-Syrian forces are not called Al-Qaeda or ISIS.
Why get mad about this? The Ontario government spends 2 billion extra each year because they want to have a separate system and a public system.
You know you're dealing with someone who has given a lot of thought to an issue when they end their contribution with 'It is almost communism!'
I comment about Alberta politics on my Facebook page. Therefore I should get to attend government closed-door press meetings same as Ezra Levant.
Where do you live in Quebec?
rhenaeGOOD for you 'R'.(You are in a TINY minority, but good for you anyway) .
See how valuable an education is? Now you're able to accurately describe the poverty you find yourself in.
Civil rights have fallen back to the 60s under Obama, just as women's rights will do the same under Hillary. In both cases, empty tokenism.
Who emboldened Putin's?
Didn't the chattering classes of America, and assorted media and political pundits, all declare that Trump's candidacy would be a 'gift' for Hillary Clinton?? Now look at who has egg all over their faces. It's more like Clinton is a gift for Trump!!
Nelson Mandela would still be in jail if she had her way.
They should all be fired first and then re-hired.
This is very, very complex physics but if you concentrate really, really hard I'm sure you'll get it. If not, ask your mommy to help. Reactor = heat = steam = turbine = electricity - goes to battery - goes to motor - motor moves car.
Overall, a great year for Canada. Life is good and just keeps on getting better under the Liberals. Keep up the great work and enjoy a much deserved Christmas break. Lovin' it!!
The FLQ never had much of an organization. I think it would be better to say that a vague , romantic sympathy for their ends vanished.
You folks forget about the world's biggest water-taker, the European Nestle?
maybe wente should ask the PM for an interview and get the real facts
We are talking about the LIBERAL party not the COns.
That's why we have temps.
Are you kidding. The Americans especially are cautious about meeting fanatical, ready-to-die guerrilla fighters. They learned fighting Japan the pain that a determined defender can inflict.
I have never heard of a politically correct caliphate before... a contradiciton of terms.
I've heard of columnists phoning it in, but one-time op/ed writers? Do you have any idea at all about what you're talking about?
Are you talking to them off the record?
Won't work. The NHL model is based on revenue sharing, just as it is in the NBA.
The Poor in Canada have no privilege especially the homeless and now they are at the bottom of the totem pole below even Syrian refugees
Everyone knows that the rich are hurting and need our financial assistance. 
Permanent residents can vote in Montreal at the municipal level.
What became of that story from 2 or 3 weeks ago about the Uber driver who kidnapped his passenger ? Was it fact or made-up propaganda by the taxi industry ?
I guess we know what happens when you get a TV show baby name now.
voter turnout increased over last time, still too low at 52 per cent, but rising for the moment
It's a safe bet that no matter how hard the premiere works with and for FNs, and how much money is thrown at the issues, or how successful it may be, it will never be enough to please Mr Mason. That wagging finger of shame is eternal.
So what you are saying is that Harper is a example of what happens when you elect someone that is inexperienced and unqualified as PM so we shouldn't make the same mistake again with Trudeau. Makes sense to me.
So, yes, the lowest marginal rate was lowered in 2007, but only after the Conservatives increased it in 2006, after backing down on their promise to cancel the Liberal cuts and increase the lowest rate to 16%.
Looking at the general behaviour in Parliament is embarrassing. Some act like immature school kids trying to irritate a teacher. These people represent our leadership? What a bunch of idiots.
All of the worlds poor have been lifted up by western civilization. At great cost.
I think the percentage of Canadians he is offensive to is higher than your estimate. Even white males like myself are offended by this man.
The policy is easy to find on this very website.
Thomas, I hate trolls
Canada was established on Biblical principles.
Did way better than the guy before him.
EDZZ, for the record, we're not a republic and we don't have bananas. Other than that, your statement is correct.
follow your investments then .. bye bye(make sure you pay your capital gains before you go right ?)
For decades, people have been telling governments that you can't live beyond your means forever. I guess they are all starting to find out the hard way.
Clinton is a proven failure.
Will Justin donate rides in his $1.6 M Mercedes to give some Syrian refugees a hand?
Do you mean to be a real Skitst?vel??? a real Swedish one? Well put. Not a 'skitst?vlig' opinion at all.
Except in Ontario of course
Americans won't vote for an evangelist. The only moderate "reasonable" alternative is Jeb Bush.
He requested 86 foreign workers for Mara lago, WHILE he was campaigning.
No - by the girls while the jocks laughed.
skipping your English as a second language class again ???
Jazz, Good point. A lot of people are telling me that Trump is a bit of a whack job. Just sayin'.
@ JohnD1 - ?? and the fact that you only bash Israel and not any of the 200 other countries in the world says what?
For Harper it is all about families. Bay Street families that is.
Well, it is easy to see that you are an sycophant of the Reform/Alliance/Conservative Coalition who does not believe in justice, human decency and the rule of law. How pathetic!
The column was amusing, well written, and written with affection -- which is more than I can say about some of the comments.
Yup, and he just won my vote back
Juncker is an effin' lunatic. Voting to leave would make sense just to get away from him.
Give the poorer money so they can look after themselves. Not just for health care - all their needs.
And you've sold how many?
Forget protection, get rid of this whole inept institution.
I do understand why Harper is dealing with Saudi Arabia when they are financing the ISSIS terrorists.
The irony of Clinton complaining about the FBI breaking protocol when she herself did so first.
How about holding West and Saudis accountable.
Did it ever make sense?
'Some interviews' are supposed to be a substitute for a valid opinion poll, I guess?
Welcome to the Republican (Tea) Party of Canada.
I would also add Justin Trudeau lived many years in BC and his mother is from BC so he does have a strong BC connection.
the Bank of Mom and Dad is hardly similar to the Bank of Trudeau no comparison
Harper asked for the provinces to do this, and Alberta did. Most (all?) other provinces refused.
Clearly, not one of the current PC MPs want to run in the mess Harper left. So they bring in Donald Trump lite. This would ensure Justin a re-election.
'the Budget Office is only part of the problem'No Biker, the PBO is part of the solution. Authoritarian PMs is the problem.
Well, you certainly won't qualify to replace her if you can't tell the difference between 'dribble' and 'drivel'.
Besides which, incumbent governments are naturally the targets of more criticism -- they're in office for heaven's sake, they're making the policies and the mistakes -- a simple truth that somehow escapes the little minds of the Harper serfs.
'while ignoring scandal after scandal by the Ontario Liberals'Are you sure about that? Or is it just that you can't remember any of the editorials in question?
Grampa, you're demonstrating your lack of knowledge of the US healthcare system. Seems you're relying on the nonsense you're fed by the CBC on a regular basis.
Your absolutely right about the Colorado river and on the top of that the Mexicans are demanding that certain flow volumes reach the Sea of Cortez which will reduce the amount of water available to the Imperial Valley and its cities.
Unlike other parties, the conservatives have a loyal base of around 30%. There will be no collapse. If they find the right leader, they will be the party to beat in the next election. Which could come sooner than later.
And a lot of Canadians living abroad keep themselves informed (through the media and internet) about their home country as a way of keeping attached to their roots.
What, you didn't know they had satellites in 1012? Ask Michael Mann, he's got a good fix on that era. And as you well know, we have no reliable records before satellites, but do have records of folks going through the Northwest Passage.
Perhaps the officer has seen too many. And his brain goes: oh, another one. Perhaps seeing many , one gets immune to it. But that does not mean it's OK to blab about it freely.
http://www.ledevoir.com/politique/quebec/396772/charte-des-valeurs-les-mecontents-n-ont-qu-a-plier-bagage-estime-michaud
Burn it and sink it.
I think, but I'm not certain, that it says that the more women in government thebetter, regardless of their integrity, morals or political views.
In warmer climes I suspect.
If you got your facts straight you would know that clinical trials take place with ND medicine, the college here in Toronto does just that.
Any breakthrough in one cancer field is a breakthrough in all cancer fields.
I bet you never watch Fox News. I don't have it on my cable feed.
When is the last time that German nazis caused any problems? Seventy years ago?
To my great shame I lolled a little...
It's so much easier to blame someone else.
Pay the healthcare premium increases and the other increases to which everyone would like to ignore although the cost of living has taken a jump along with the cost of eating.
JPL.. oh, and I see describing the Conservative caucus as 'choking with weeds' is of course, NOT a 'silly comment'Don't expect me to view you, or your posts as being 'above the fray'..
There is no Liberal Elite, except in the minds of the Faith Based Community beloved by Karl Rove, Trump and the like.
This highlights how ridiculous the system has become. Like anyone would be fluent never exercising their new languages.
Could it be that religion is the problem? It is has always been used as the control mechanism to promote ignorance and discrimination in societies.
Yup, nothing like a fascist, and he is a fascist, to clean things up.
Including people with opposing opinions in positions of influence, quite apart from any active political involvement.
A lot of Liberal voters and other Canadians will share your very sensible vision. What the government actually does on this file is more likely to resemble a sausage factory sluice gate than anything you envision.
A vote for the Conservatives is a vote for Stephen Harper. You cannot separate the two. Crap endorsement by the G&M.
You may deal in images, I like to analyse using historical perspectives. Not P.T.Barnum but the Real McCoy. :)
CBC, in all its many forms, costs tax payers 7 cents a day. Harper spent almost the whole CBC annual budget, one billion dollars, for a 72 hr. G7/20 photo op.
OH! Are you being sarcastic?
Many people go to both.
Get fit, start telling the truth, be sincere and do not over use 'obviously' when speaking.
Cons are still lying about what Trudeau said.
And the only one of the three that looks like he will govern by consensus is Trudeau.
that way you emphasize your important points in ALL CAPS is really grabbing my attention and making me listen to your excellent observations, great job.
Because being attacked in writing does not kill you.
Her Liberal leanings are very obvious, and that does weaken the piece, but it still states the essential truth.
or the provincial role is limited, especially beyond provincial borders?
?Donald Trump is a serial liar, rampant xenophobe, racist, birther and bully who has repeatedly pledged to ban all Muslims from entering the U.S.?............ Now that is a candidate that the uneducated will love.
That is simply not true - a mendacious statement if you will, or if you won't.
What you're saying would mean that the Harper Government would have to understand the "Root Cause" of Terrorism. Something that they absolutely refuse to do.
Wonderful treatment of the burning issue.
Quebec is a perennial economic black-hole.Start paying your own way, then you can have a small say in something else. THAT is 'realism'.PS: Congratulations on dumping 8 BILLION litres of raw sewage into the St. Lawrence...
No-one has a coherent world policy because one would be impossible. That's no reason to question Trump's credentials.
There is really no need to argue. Just pack up and go. Leave those who need major medical treatment to stay. And come back when you need medical treatment.
It's principally, and positively, idiotic.
Asbestos is toxic and deadly... so we are going to wait until 2018 to ban it so companies can still sell their remaining inventory of asbestos laden products... typical Canadian government all for the corps and not the people.
Christians also have a thicker skin where they do not yell racist whenever someone criticizes them.
But he is releasing his autobiography shortly so we will know what he has accomplished. It will likely be full of big words to make up for his short resume or what passes as deep thinking by JT.
yeah... time for bail out
User fees disproportionately affect the poor. Those with low incomes would be unable to afford accessing services with additional fees - including toll roads. This would make highways for the relatively wealthy.
Obama invited Trump to the white thursday, Trump told him he was busy and would get back to him.
Still not a reason for not going to various manufacturers and getting proper bids.
Trump's not going anywhere, now that he's shot himself in the foot with the presidency, the press will once again warm up to him, they need each other.
yeah only four bankruptcies and three marriages
The problem is they're not actually thinking. They're emoting.
From the 2012 Ontario Public disclosure of salaries, Keith Banting makes $197,241.62 per year. That latest salary result for Carolyn Hughes Tuohy is $223,499.96 in 2003 at U of T.Perhaps you and your colleagues take a pay cut, Carolyn and Keith.
Only those hired at the highest levels are reimbursed for moving to Ottawa. (The situation is different for existing PS employees asked to move as part of their job.)
You put a lot of faith in words. If you were one of those gay people you describe, it is unlikley that a few words will magically put as you put it'our history behind us'.
Libs in even deeper trouble every time greaseball turdo opens his yap.
Have to agree on all points.
In the meantime, more people will keep arriving in Canada who may eventually face disappointment and resentment over how they are allowed to present themselves in society and the workplace.
You might want to elaborate.....
Thanks for your comment; I thought I was the only person having this problem. It seems that each new update introduces new issues. Pretty pathetic for a national news publication.
Doubt that God writes any of these comments (if he exists.) Why are you thanking him ?
Speaking of no brains, rushing off to war without sufficient forethought is a definite no-brainer.
That is not correct. Saying all lives matters shows ignorance about what BLM is actually saying.
What's new here, dear? Liberals will do anything and say anything to get in power and stay in power. I invite you to Google the following because it shows the real nature of the Liberal Party of Canada: 'GST + Nunziata' . Have a nice day.
Because your characterizations are not reality.
Economic Action Plan = Conservative Party propaganda paid at taxpayer expense. This skips Parliament where adult discussion about economic plans should be held. Unfortunately Harper cannot have an adult discussion about mature topics.
Trudeau claimed he was going to lead Quebec out of Canada in a french radio interview. Maybe he should run for the Bloc or PQ after he is booted out as leader after the fall election. Or just go back to his job as a drama teacher.
Your criticism doesn't make sense... there's no need for middle east oil to go through Ukraine.. it already gets to market pretty efficiently.
It's in the back somewhere. Maybe a footnote.
Have you given m uch more thought to cancelling your subscription to the G&M, or was that all bluster?
If the cities have money to burn.. why didn't they send that money to the province of Ontario that is 15 billion in the red!
'if ...'if ...'if ...but, none of that happened. your argument is a bit 'iffy', IF i may say.
What on earth kind of word is 'it,s'?
I don't always agree with her political opinion, but i will say she is shrill.
All of them.
You're kidding, right? How, on god's green earth, do you suppose you're going to get the NIMBY's to support a pipe-line running through their urban neighbourhoods?
You also buy Premier Care tubs... And Franklin Mint plates... And Dr. Ho stuff...
Well BUgzy if you are going to participate in spreading conspiracy theories then at least get the evil ones names right . Its Koch!
It's more like a mind able to finally recognize reality. Something human beings are born with by the time they are 1 year old. But of course, unless educated by the Church.
Who keeps digging up these people. Didn't they do enough harm when they were in office.
He obviously didn't get the memo that India and China have no intention of getting offfossil fuels as they realize it is their only way to make their citizens better off.
What policies?
I have no idea what riding you are in, but where I am in North Vancouver, voting for other than the Liberal would be throwing your vote away.
Well Professor, what,s the cost on the taxpayer when a welfare queen with four kids gets a tax break for having another one?
Rename it the Arab Male Spring.
I reject your use of terms, and I reject the claim you draw from them. The only political/religious/social basis I argue for is non-violence.
Funny that the lowest cost contracts for electricity in Texas today are for new wind farms.
Adscam pales. Wake up Canada....
No, the Panderers
Ever lower taxes, mean ever lower collective services (health, education, infrastructures, etc), also mean ever lower quality of life. Who has the highest taxes AND happiness index (per 60 minutes and many other sources ...) ?The Danish people !
i bet the people who disagree that carbon tax doesn't work have not lived in BC
'Execute repeat offenders (ALL RACES) and watch the numbers drop. 'great idea, tired. Now, can you tell me why Pickton never got nicked after the second, let alone the 42nd?
He does write 'caused him to push aside other Cubans who did not share his vision' which is the first time I have seen 'push aside' as a euphemism for execution.
No, everybody the don't like. Everyone else, of course, is unbiased.
I too miss the 1950s...
I personally like having mohawks around and would see it as a tragedy if they were bred out of existence. If wanting to preserve ones distinctive culture is 'racist' then the world could use a little more of it.
500 long term jobs for BC residents does not constitute a large loss of employment. I enjoyed your views.
Yeah Jaf. And the conservatives got voted out of office as the Liberals should be now.
We don't want the progressive wet pinks....let them join the Liberals where the original surviving conservative progressives migrated to when expelled.
Those must be some thick rose coloured glasses if you like big pharma. The practice of throwing more and more drugs at peoples symptoms for increaseing amounts of money is played out.
Oh please ..people will continue to stave because farmers won't be able to afford to buy gmo Monsanto gmo seeds and because their soil will be drenched with Monsanto herbicides.
Don't worry. Albertans aren't stupid enough to vote the NDP into power lol.
Any employee in corporations that I worked with would fire an employee who asked suppliers for money.
You forgot to say. I full agree with my friend Doug.
In this debate, facts obviously are trumped by bias. I'm assuming this poorly researched piece was run as part of the slow but sure attempt to discredit Trudeau with the inevitable recommendation to vote for Harper.
special interest groups are ones who oppose us.....duh!
Eloquently stated.
No offence but you don't read much. It's everywhere. As usual though, Ms. Wente distils it well.
Always the classless winner Rocky. Enjoy it while it lasts. Meantime, I will head back to my abode with the 2 state-paid maids to look after the rugrats. Liberal entitlements are BACK.
And settlements are a way of using civilians to invade without sending the tanks in (although they periodically do that too). A pox on both their houses.
AEI does make my hair stand on end ;-)
The corrupted methodology of people who never got around to reading Sorokin's Fads and Foibles in Modern Sociology (Harvard, 1956) and who never will be expected to in the endless age of lies, damned lies and statistics.
Good context, iffy conclusions...
Lets see what the committee recommends and what % of the parties support it before we talk about thisE. g., what if all 5 parties agree to a change? Completely different situation at that point.
The G&M better come up with better articles than this if they want my $0.99 a month.
I would put up Canada's mangers Harper & Martin against any other US government. The conservatives in the US have continually run deficits since Reagan and do not deserve the name 'conservatives'
As so many respondents to your remarkable tirade have pointed out, Obama did not start the wars that you somehow seem to think he started. So, other than your attitude, what can you offer to support your views, because you have offered nothing.
The problem with Ibbitson is that he views Harper like Dr. Frankenstein viewed his monster - as some sort of fascination, but nothing more.
You digress ...
Cops disobey their Oath all the time and The System never bats an eye. Police routinely violate Human Rights claiming their lower duty to safety somehow overrides their primary responsibility to uphold and defend The People's rights.
'publuc education'may I assume you are a product of this 'publuc education' system?
If he does the same with cannabis legislation, I want to see him take a long walk on a short gangplank. Arg.
The same brain dead liberals in this comments section that voted for Trudeau federally and for Wynne in Ontario are now saying don't vote for Trump. OK, got you.
Alan, can you not go and find a tree to hug somewhere!?
People who do not understand alagories, should refrain from commenting on them.
It wasn't that long ago in time that Quebec came very close to separating from Canada. More recently, separatist Pierre Karl Peladeau was the chairman of the board for Hydro Quebec. Is Ontario willing to give up its energy control to Quebec?
Looked like the Conservatives is getting the same disease (I am entitled to my entitlement) as the Liberal after a long rein in power. No matter how disciplined their leader is, no party is immune! Justin might have a chance after all.
Gynecologists are covered under our universal health system, like other doctors are.
Okay. The Budapest Memorandum: -was violated by the United States involvement in the coup; -was rendered null when illegitimate entities took control of Ukraine; and -cannot stand against the right of self-determination of the people of Crimea.
Yes. Time for the Harper Government to go and for Canadian Government to come back.
Excellent comment. You wont see too much praise for it here.
is that a 20 dollar 'orange juice' youre guzzling gibsonhey big spender
Walk in clinics usually won't prescribe anything that requires ongoing monitoring (pain meds, ADHD meds, etc.). It's a real problem.
When Canada has to negotiate with Russia over Arctic sovereignty can we expect that Poland will send a squadron of their fighters to Canada to protect us?
sky, You are making a wildly bogus claim that morality comes from Christianity. So there was no morality before 2000 or so years ago?
last time i checked, political parties were comprised of canadians. i find it amazing that canadians - yes canadians - can hold mackay to one standard but refuse to do the same to themselves! hypocrite.
Star chaserYou could always use your God given right to leave, and go back to your country of origin.
'Given the limited talent pool'? How arrogant, as any of the half dozen leading potential candidates for the Conservative leadership is significantly better qualified by training, experience and general intelligence than is our current PM.
Living unsustainably will result in job losses and even the loss of life.
Another mindless comment.
Next week 'our' government will sell us to Satan and Nazi Germany too... because its good for the 'economy' and the 'free' market.
facts? facts? We don't need no stinkin' facts!
No, he had a hockey game to attend (photo op) and some time to kill... We REALLY feel the love here in Toronto.
i'am surprised that you have time to comment here are you doing this from work? please do not comment if know nothing about the subject.
All those who believe Preston Manning wants what is best for Eastern Canada please raise your hands.. . . Abolish the Senate.
Dougie writes a book report. See Dougie babble in print.
Absolutely 'spot on'!
Wrong eCitizen, Consensus building is an ongoing process, not something you do every 4 or 5 years. By refusing to sit down with the provinces we have little consensus in Canada and we are poorer for it.
Great point
Take your time. Research is a slog.
But it's all true. *heads explode*
Targeting the Catholic schools is nothing more than an expression of hostility against old-Canada and its founding religions, the only group unprotected by PC speech and bleeding hearts.
Arbitration is a sham. Police also benefit from this, and run businesses on the side because they have so much free time.
WHAT? ...is that all there was....look how good we are and appreciate me because I'm Steven Harper... what sorry leadership we have...
I don't care where the money went because I know governments are not very adept at spending money wisely. What worries me is borrowing 30 billion and hoping it will work out. What is the repayment plan O wise one?
Thank you, Mr. Clayton-Thomas, for your brave, honest, and eloquent piece.
Yes, this whole sorry scenario smacks of abject cowardice.
Apparently he made an advance on a conservative at the Pride parade and was rejected as the follow was just showing his family tolerance.
The 2006 post-election coalition coup that sought to replace the PM with a sore loser was similarly defective.
Hopefully never to return to politics. I see Pierre as dangerous.
Guess you didn't know that the Harperites ARE the government haters.
We would move on . Just like my Great Great Grandfather did back in the 1850's . From Wales to Halifax
@z55man Aw, look how quickly you declared Sam I Am's flippant rhetoric as an "uncomfortable fat (sic)". I guess facts are just opinions that vaguely seem to support your ideology then. No surprise there.
What is Floyd Laughren doing? He might be available.
I hope that this list will appreciate how paranoid you seem to be. We are freely debating ideas, not suggesting revolutions. Please take a deep breath.
A truly twisted article by an obviously deeply wounded far right-wing academic.
You Liberals must be relived that voter fraud can now be once again carried on without fear of detection.
guess he doesn't read
It is establishment shill columnists who are bending themselves out of shape against Trump.
The TTC is underfunded compared to other systems. end of story.
Henry Egan: Yep. Could not have said it better myself.
What are you talking about? You write 3 sentences seemingly unrelated to each other. I don't really care except I'm wondering if my Soc101 class turn me into a terrorist?!?!
I'm still looking for the LeMonde editorial that he cited, that no one can find.
Stopping every pipeline or project before an environmental review is a negative sum game. It cost the NDP the election and if they can't face that fact, they deserve to keep losing over and over again.
Playing the homophobia card.
The vast majority of Muslims have not read the Koran, which is why they are so peaceful. The problem is with the minority, and the numbers are huge.
And who pays the contractor filling pot holds?
Omer Aziz must be a 'Honorific Certified Gold Member' of the 'Chattering Class'.What a waste of ink.
Who are you - a PMO operative or a Conservative shill? If you don't trust the Globe, then don't bother reading it.
Politics is more about red team versus blue team loyalties than about policy. Nobody likes it when their captain is made to look like a fool.
"This might sound silly..." There's reason it sounds that way. Care to guess what it is?
It all depends who win... If they do, they are definitely on drugs, if we - we are on dope, and it is legal for medial purpose!
Intervention in Iraq was a gigantic mistake but moving on, where else other than in a Western democracy would the those mistakes and their consequences be public so laid out.
So your logic is 'we have trading relationships with a human rights abusers so we should continue to sell them what they want.' Wow.
Not true, I cook almost everything from scratch and still put on weight when I hit mid-life. My metabolism slowed down and nothing is going to help me lose weight but reducing food intake.
Nonsense. The affluent and well educated don't languish in refugee camps.
I have just read up on the latest in battery advances, and it is a total FAIL! Tiny incremental improvements. No breakthroughs at all.
More resources! Yes! We need to quit thinking this is a matter of 'choice'. They ARE mentally ill. They need resource-intensive health interventions.
The only people who say this shit are American SJW lobster botherers.
Right, just watch him destroy our country, sunny ways.........
Look at my comment just above. Politically they are inseparable.
because a real canadian needs three, unlike bogus ones like me who only have a canadian one
sirencall, He's open to everything that happened since the enlightenment - accept the people's desperate desire for a just society with a just economy and a just justice system.
why is a simple hello being reviewed
There are no 'conservatives' in the RepugliCON race. Only right wing criminal trash. In 1945, the allies rounded up large numbers in Europe.
what a sad comment from the propaganda arm of the Liberal Party, Diane... shame on you.
Yup, Sanders should take heed, before they show him the door.
Your comment is not funny and it is also not accurate.
What about all the reports in all the scholarly journals. Are all those journals, and the scientists contributing to them, corrupt, too?
The F-35 has ALIS (Autonomic Logistics Information System) that will track all maintenance (predictive and preventative) and inventories world wide. There won't be much of a need for us to carry our own spare parts inventory,
Stephen - surely you know that 'We weren't consulted' is the secret code for 'I don't like the outcome!'
Spot on! The Conservatives let go of the 'Progressive' part of their name under Harper and became nothing but the Harper Party. How the Globe can split the two is beyond me.
MP,Um...yes, these conspiracy people do indeed have trouble with rational thought, critical thinking and reality.
Why hasn't this been challenged yet? Am I missing something?
the word is 'waste' not 'waist', that's the part around your middle where your belt goes.
'... governments ... must be called to account.'Like in the election we're having now? Fat chance.
The future belongs to Canada.
They 'sell cash for access'? That would mean they pay to get access to something, like an art museum or an amusement park. I guess Trump is so used to stiffing people for what he owes such honesty is foreign to his supporters.
If people were to look at the situation from a completely unbiased perspective, Ukraine shoulders much of the blame for the current situation.
CBC AKA The Ministry of Truth
He doesn't indicate otherwise.
Its the pelvic thrusts that really drive JP insane!
CNN's Brazile had been feeding debate questions to Hillary before the debate? Wow......And people think that Trump's anti-media rants come from paranoia.
When you actually consider proportionality, maybe it does. Sorry for you, Alberta, that you're not the most populous province in Canada.
Western media lies about Syria exposed (Canadian journalist Eva Bartlett)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g1VNQGsiP8M
Yep, much preferable, infinitely more civilized.
Brooksie, Still hurtin'....eh?
Racist comment.
I think Ms Southey has a crush on Hillary Clinton as anything I post about this failure the moderator eliminates. Indoctrinates of Herbert Marcuse no doubt.
You are assuming that people thought Hudak was being truthful.
Sounds like extreme regulatory overkill.
She would call you a homophobe. I call your comment the truth.
? The US didn't sign its first trade deal unti llike 1980So even if what you say is true, it happened DESPITE gloabalization
Well said. BTW...the National War Memorial already serves the purpose.
I still see these Canadian commercial ships sailing under a foreign flag. Why do they deserve such nice tax treatment from Mr. Harper?
'recent' meaning one-day boost; every new leader gets one, and even Andre Boisclair RIP had one before he was turfed from PQ in 2 years ...
It's not just a national corporate culture, it's also the local corporate culture in Waterloo: http://yappadingding.blogspot.ca/2013/11/willshould-john-chen-move-blackberry-to.html
This isn't about the backwards people of Ottawa being unable to accept change-it is about taste & like the ROM, this addition lacks it and anything graceful.
Agreed. This isn't punishment, or even solitary confinement. Constant light 24 hours a day constitute torture, full stop. It's appalling that this could occur in Canada even 100 years ago, let alone today.
Makes a lot of sense. I believe your version would generally be the way to go. Wouldn't be surprised if we have something similar before the next election.
When you have oil you drill for oil. Actually oil and gas is 25% of revenue now as compared to 50% a decade ago so some things have changed.
Dog, you have been wagged.
Marriage benefits males more thn the female....and benefits both , if longevity studies are anything to go by, in comparrison to the single.
You make the mistake of tarring all municipal leaders with the Rob Ford brush. There are lots of hard-working, intelligent, ethical mayors who don't spend their spare time sucking on a crack pipe.
@Norm and Observer12 So you guys think a father would leave his family in a war zone while he goes to setup a life in another country? Heck of a father who'd do that.... You're viewing refugees as being the same as economic migrants, they're not.
Ms. Wente, your referendum was already held. Remember October 19, 2015?
And they are too often in a predicament of their own making and now you want me to divert funds from my children, to the irresponsible, who breed irresponsibly, and have progeny with the same undesirable characteristics.
Is that because they are Moslems?
Had the kid been White, he would have been lauded for his ingenuity. He would not have been handcuffed and transferred to another school. This is nothing more than bigotry against Muslims.
with French's or Heinz ketchup?.......................
What do you think will happen when you increase corporate taxes to higher than Ontario and BC? Why is you people think corporations pay no taxes? Why do you think they should be taxed at 145% of gross revenue? because they make a profit?
ok, what do the robo-cons have?
Oh, that precious long census form. It is a pain in the a rse. When instituted, many were flailing their arms in rebellion over its arbitrary nature prepared for jail, now it's become like the Charter... part of the Liberal DNA.
The Harper Conservatives reveal themselves as opportunistic when they luxuriate in the glee of an opportunity to score political points. It is all the proof I need that this whole thing is an election ploy by Harper.
If people are going to talk loudly on their cell phones in my presence, I would prefer that they do so in a language I do not understand. I DON'T want to hear the trivial details of your day.
The CD Howe institute is as predictable as the Fraser Institute. The two are both lobbyists for corporate power. They don't like public pensions. They would rather we depend on the banks to manage our retirement accounts.
Another Wynne-Failure.Look for more of this at the Federal level in years to come.
I see and conveniently situating white people at the top of a made up hierarchy by dint of their ignorance and chauvinism.
Ataturk would be proud of his accomplishment. Bravo to the turkish people!
This lifelong resident of BC is all for NG!
For peace of mind and freedom, and also to escape repair bills. I'm renting a townhouse in Edmonton. Next year I'll rent an apartment downtown with a nice view.
The funnies part is that you have no sense of the irony of your whinge.
As usual well written and informed, nice work Elizabeth. The religious and non religious segments of the denier culture have one authority they worship above all else, mammon.
Spoken like a true fear monger.
(Too high a risk of leaks by the overseers TDD1).
Or 2019, 2023, or any year I can think of. One was already too much for Canada, and this one isn't even that smart.
Again G S, such a study has to stand up to factual analysis. A consensus amongst your friends is not a statistic that would hold up.
It?s always easier to commit a criminal act when you have the judge and the prosecutor on your side.
But, according to Harper, he makes the laws, so it's likely he thinks he can break them too.
Climate change predates man's CO2 emissions by several billion years by the way, in case you didn't know.
You sound like Steve Paiken 'moderating' the 2008 federal election debate.(You can look it up now)...
' That dude - Alceste - needs to lighten up'Mao Zhu Xi Yu Lu ( Mao Tse-tung )
"Canadians did vote, we voted for oil, now suck it up and bow down to the majority." "And arrest those protestors and throw Codierre in with them, the scum bucket." Ah, yes... Spoken like true petrofascists...
Wasn't it kind of Margaret to throw some red meat to the CPC base while the rest of us read the real news?
In Australia, Liberal is effectively Conservative, kind of like BC.
She is the exception, not the rule and if you are honest with yourself, you know it.
Oh my good Lord Eric, are you off your medication again?
Trump is no average joe.
the hasbara handbook www. middle-east-info.org/take/wujshasbara.pdf
True, but in this case it's the same 600 million over and over. The point is that they're using the same half-billion dollar talking point to blame the Liberals for tens of billions in debt.
When wolves wish to walk amongst the sheep, you need dog with sharp teeth and aggressive nature to protect your flock. What is worse, a few beaten and bloodied wolves or thousands of dead sheep?
Yes! Yes! Yes!
Two third's also wanted a government other than Chretien for two majorities that's how our system work's.....next.
"Boris the fascist? Really??" Nah, he's an opportunist who wants to be PM and figured going for the leave side would get him that.
Bill the self proclaimed intellectual should be charged with conspiracy to commit murder.
Very astute, CW.
I think it was a joke... Because of the overblown media response from the Ghomeshi thing.
All effort IS useless. Unless you convince China, India etc to reign in their emissions it doesn't matter a bit whether Canada does nothing or anything.
You go and do that. No? Too bad.
Yet it is the Arabs who desecrate ancient Christian shrines, behead captives and sell off non-muslim little girls as sex toys to their followers.
My recollection is that the least capable were the most likely to hide behind 'academic freedom.' This abuse at UBC is even worse than me witnessing the most limited faculty using it as an excuse for not updating curriculum.
If the Supreme Court of Canada objects to the legislation, the federal gov't should and will use the Notwithstanding Clause (if applicable) to override them.
Trudeau should have invoked the War Measures Act.
Zimmerman is no literary Nobel winner
argyle5663 Alright then why should they have to take the test?
Care to disclose these GDP numbers - or did you just make them up?
JT did not divulge the other party. He referred to another party only.
'Reasonably good, capable and honest government'!!! You've got to be joking. Harper has shown himself to be incompetent, deceitful, and autocratic. He is beyond a doubt the worst pm in Canadian history.
I'd rather he drive to Russia than take a jet ( better for the GHG)
Europe is still Europe - family breakfast & dinner, traditional home cooked food. Not yet brain washed by the junk food franchises ... Nothing to do with how expensive it is.
Hey, I saw the movie Sicario last year. They'll just dig tunnels under any wall.
Check my comment below.
One has nothing to do with the other. It's possible to address both issues.
do you have the same contempt for the people who hid from gunmen in Tunisia and Kenya?
Paul that has too many moves ahead for TerryM4 to contemplate.
And you know this fact because? Maybe you just imagined it from a dream?
Garton seems like a real nasty piece of work.
jo oliver had dinner with Justin just the other day
If they don't have a duty to condemn isis, why is the writer asking us to condemn the shoppers of Mississauga?
I don't agree with much of the liberals actions (specifically the energy file), however it's hard to take your post seriously when you comment that they should be arrested.
You play successful ball by deception. A hard fastball then a slider then a curve. Inside, outside up and down. It's called hardball and is what might happen given the outcome of a certain vote.
my feelings exactly... Lawyers are bottomfeeders and don't care for anybody but themselves... too bad they are allowed to run for office! Sad as to how our vets are being treated by this bunch of hypocrites in Ottawa, shameful to say the least!
The firewall is his own party's arrogance and lack of consultation. Not the kind of firewall he expected, but he certainly delivered.
Russia wasn't around in the 9th century. That was Kievan Rus, which was completely different in tone, manner, and spirit. What you call Russia today is a mongrel fusion of Muscovites and Mongols...
And what exacting did Jean Creature do that was so stupendous at that time?
Sorry to interrupt a good vapid pontification, but it's 'Sunni', not 'Suuni'.
Or the report comment button like you do
I agree with you 100 percent.
like blowing a billion to move a couple of gas plants
I don't know if Mr. Trump is crazy but he's determined to use crazy statements to get undivided media attention. It's the tactics of a thoroughly desperate individual.
you cannot integrate people THAT DEEM OTHERS AS infidels.
Not bitter, I just understand the LGBT community for what it is. Birth defects, just like 6 toes. To think otherwise is to be ignorant
I would not have had to learn English - very convenient .-)
Gregorj: Same rules for boys and girls.
Hey Elizabeth, it is amazing you can't see the exact same thing is happening with measles, and yet you jumped right on that bandwagon.
As a Liberal, I'd have to disagree with that thought. We don't want them in our ranks.
Wha...? try reading the article
I'll vote for Hudak.
Because we don't elect prime ministers or even governments; we elect Parliaments. Governments are formed by MPs who command the majority will of the House of Commons. You can't legislate term limits on this sort of a system of government.
We have to wait for Harper, Queen of the Wigs to break his election law, again and call the election for earlier or later. Ort a vote of non-confidence, but Queen Harper will just prorogue that - and that is not democracy.
too long a commenti pass
You probably really get off on the going's on in Congress. Serious stuff there.
Begging your pardon, but what is a 'moter ship?'
...end of story... both are Parties of One.
If you think Harper is a terrorist, please let me know who you're voting for so I can vote for someone else. I would hate to think I voted for the same person as you.
When it comes to defense Canada mooches off the Americans. We know they will defend us so we don't bother.
That is the comment of the day for me. Right on the money. 55 year old 'old stock' Canadian.
What does this have to do with adherents of John Locke and J.S.Mill?
Have you and your wife been traveling around the globe for the past month on the country's business?
Not all of us are that brain dead. Mostly TO and Ottawa.
Exactly - good post !
And you're forgetting that the Republicans control both houses and that Trump still has more supporters than not. I'd like to believe a Republican congress and senate wouldn't roll over but this is no longer the Republican party of old.
Why not read the Play??
And produce all that carbon smoke?
You are free to die in pain if that is your desire. You can't impose it on anyone else. Your cult of suffering is medieval.
Your Kool Aid has been spiked. You need medical attention. As in psychiatric care.
so, which proposal for electoral reform do you support, then?
Geez, moon howler, do you ever get anything right? I'm beginning to think that in the real world, you are either Jason Kenney or Pierre Poilievre.
Good - you are indeed over and very much out.
'Bombast and nonsense' Principal tools of the Harper gang.
Everything I learned about vaccination came from Star Trek... http://blackdogtimes.com/2015/01/28/star-trek-and-vaccination-refusal/
After reading this I seriously just joined the Liberal party and made a donation. I've never done anything like that before. Nice that you get 75% back in a tax credit too!
According to a recent Environment Canada report the largest single killer of birds in Canada, by far is domestic cats. 196 million deaths per year with hydro lines a distant second at 25 million.
And what does this have to do with participating in a citizenship ceremony for which she has already been vetted?
this just shows the hyprocracy of the Harper and Baird foreign policy. They condemn Sri lanka for dealing with terrorism while supporting Israel. Its all about securing votes at the next election.
Absurd the Waldorf only opened under it's current management 2 years ago, and it will remain open. Did Vancouver have no arts scene before two years ago and the Waldorf? Activism without a cause is so tedious, truly.
By reversing its own 1990 decision, the court confirmed that it is has a political agenda.
a man who sees a country with deep problems offering easy solutions and blaming others for them... why is this familer?
Ask for stronger meds next time. Meanwhile a good nap will do you good.
'... ending the Tory's four-plus decades in power ...' Now which particular Tory would that be? Sloppy.
No but by censoring them they are manipulating the media..
Thanks for the compliment. Better than what they say about Justie anyway.
...and shallow feel-good trivialities.
Canada has more trade deals than AGBayer has pills... but Canada gets steadily poorer and steadily loses autonomy. If you keep digging a hole for yourself the prudent solution is to stop digging.
Chretien's (golf) balls
Ultimately the people who work at universities only care about whatever it takes to feather their nest.
Oh, they understand the issue - they've just played into Harper's hands on it, as they usually do.
Other homebodies include crows and ravens... not that I would suggest either for the honour. Crows and ravens are clever but they are found world-wide.
Do you know that to be fact or are you really just speculating.
Your type of " citizen".
Yeah, there's way too much 'minority report'-like developments going on here. How do we stop it?
Yes. By all means attack liberal policies (or Trudeau's lack of stated positions) but don't launch personalized attacks. This does nothing to inform the electorate or elevate the discourse.
Not so well said.
I think that the tribal signalling to attack visible 'others' speaks for itself. Especially from someone who describes himself as the smartest man in the room.
I'm sure you know (at least I hope you do) that Russia (which is outside the cartel) produces and exports more oil, than all the Arab states combined?
Absolutely true. anyone who wants to vote this down, go find out the history of ASA.
Hmmm. maybe the Harper Party is harbouring hardcore fascists. Maybe the RCMP will investigate. Keep you blind allegiance to the corporatocracy- right to the end.
Forget physician asissted suicide. We need to talk about media assisted suicide (Thomas Mulcair's NDP).Was it strictly legal? And if it was strictly legal, was it strictly kosher?
welfare is paying for $2600 a month apartments to house Syrians in Burnabaywhat % of the Canadian population are living in a 2600 /month apartment
Too many men have had their lives and careers ruined by false allegations. There should be a time limit for laying charges. Coming forward 10 - 30 years after the alleged attack is farcical. A 5 year time frame might be reasonable.
Nemo, There is a difference between atheism in a society and ethnocentrism. This proposed law comes out of the latter.
Finally, Jeffrey has written something of common sense ... I didn't think he had it in him!
Er, what polls have you seen and what have you been smoking?
U.S. has 300 million guns out there... does it really matter that the 2nd Amendment wasn't intended for personal firearm ownership.
What damage ? Be specific . And non partisan .
Harpo doesn't have the stones to call an election.
Trump should not let her get off easy. Challenge her to a political debate. That would be unprecedented, and would teach her lesson she sorely needs. She waded into the political campaign, then show her what is involved.
oh Mikey I just love it when you PO. 'braindead' Robert320 ..and 'clueless' PhilG...
Scott Brison did not cross the floor. The PC party deserted him. He decided he would rather be a Liberal than a Harper Conservative.
I sit in Mexico unable to access Radio 1 newscasts. The hell with the Oplympics. I want and am owed contact to Canadian News and radio which is much more important than IOC. Whatever possessed CBC to agree to this IOC demand.
David, maybe you should leave economics to others, and instead remain focused on justifying Canada's involvement in every war, everywhere, all the time.
Don227 - sorry to disappoint - but I am a professional engineer who was rather well paid for my leaps of logic, hold several patents and solved some challenging high tech process system problems. Therefore my post stands as is !
Another Con who hates education and educators. An education beyond the elementary level would help.
Now would be a good time to arm the Chechens as well as Ukraine. Keep Putin occupied.
How did the planet end up having 7,125,000,000 people?
Sounds like Harper. Harper even voluntarily reduced the amount of the government took in, while increasing spending.
Three declarative sentences, with not one shred of evidence in sight. Kudos. Now tell us how angry you are about Obama being nowhere near the Oval Office during the 9/11 attacks.
the st lawrence seaway is federal jurisdiction. Quebecers will need a passport to cross the river from montreal to longueil. they will also need a visa to visit la mauricie and forillon national parks..
Let them devour their racial cake...
Have you read her other columns? She has been a strong advocate of this for years.
The Magna Carta and Habeas Corpus ... all fine and well. Perhaps Ms. Macklin can explain how these concepts fit into Islam's ideology of Jihad and Sharia Law.
https://www.hillaryclinton.com/issues/criminal-justice-reform/Where's Trump's?
nice name change from 1 of you 753
I'm grateful to BLM. They just made it easier to explain the meaning of 'counterproductive.'
Another 'No Brainer' moment for the Harperoids.
My dinner plates from the 60's are now salad plate size.
WATCH IT HAPPEN! You represent the very FRINGE of Canadian society !
Do you want to tell us how many people, buildings, trains, and aircraft have been blown up in the last 20 years, and why this new terrorism law is needed.
Truth based on what criteria, Zarny? Oh, and btw, the behaviour is not the disease. Addiction makes people do the sticking and the sucking.
And what do you do for a living Mr. Benard?
Actually, they redistribute from the middle class to corporations and the rich. Ask yourself who benefits from a lower capital gains tax.
Welcome to Deep Thought... by Jack Handy. Nixon and JFK ?wth ??
Typical Harper Hate Machine fear mongering.
Does that make you uncomfortable, Ian?
If you also prescribe to the same modesty that you are prescribing to your hypothetical girlfriend, then I see no issue with your view.
do tellwhat rank does Wynne have?
Oh that exists, search for "Progressive Stack".
Take off the tinfoil hat and step away from the computer, we're coming to get you!!!
Maybe you meant to say people prefer the secular society aspect, that would make more sense.
Yes, as a writer for the New York Times opined, Clinton will rig the election by getting more votes.
No o bomb a scandals. And you think we should pay for this rag.
Some-how Quebec has a method of correcting corruption, Ontario not so much...!
There's a difference between 'didn't support him' and 'actively supported a coup against the democratically elected government', Concerned Citizen.(h)ttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2002_Venezuelan_coup_d%27%C3%A9tat_attempt#Media_role
Strangely, the Christians didn't do that in the first century CE.
Harper, s biggest mistake was appointing people from the Press to the senate.
there has been very little critique of Liberal policies or decisions [some of which show little insight ] ...people are not misinformed.. they are uninformed. ...a lot of people are hurting... and Justin is just fiddling
Crows are actually quite handsome and very intelligent !
Native Nations were here long before your Queen. Keep in mind, many Native Nations do not recognize Canada Inc. or your Crown, just as the Corporation of Canada(formerly known as the Hudson's Bay Company) is not recognized by many Native Nations.
Are you geographically challenged??? Copenhagen or Amsterdam are not exactly in Florida. Their winters are like ours and worse, yet they have excellent cycling infrastructure and cycle year around.
Once again showing how little research Wente puts into her columns, just lazily quoting someone from the CBC without qualifying it.
Interesting comment.
Except the major oil company in Norway is Statoil, majority owned by the government of Norway and extracting most of the oil in Norway. They can pay their 'tax' but it essentially paying themselves. Not a good example for Canada.
Current Ukrainian government has been voted by duly elected MPs (Rada).
Renewables, don't hold your breathe. Their are still major issues to be resolved.
once you've turned down the temperature by 2 degrees how about working on changing the wind direction
Don't worry, just take a cold shower, say three 'Hail Marys' and everything will be alright.
The Harper doctrine: Do the right thing, never....then run to the nearest closet!
You think your ridiculous ideas are real because you have never lived in the real world. Trying getting a real job and maybe you might realize how ridiculous your ideas are. The good news is you have doomed the NDP for a longtime adios!
End the Zionist occupation of Palestine, NOW!
Some wag is a fool. The promise of feminism is not happiness, but equality. Having the ability to advance in a career, earn a fair wage, and be treated with respect are its goals, which is still a pipe dream for too many women.
I'm not sure what to make of this article. Between over-the-top rhetoric, '...the break up of Great Britain and very probably NATO...', and the ridiculous suggestion that Scotland should join Canada, I have to suspect Mr. Herman is off his rocker!
Rarely if ever is medicine patient centric.
Yes we are clubbing them to death, if they don't die from being shot first. THe hakapik is still very much in use as the most cursory glance at the seal hunt would tell you, SOuthAlberta.
To our great shame we didn't welcome the Jews ('one is too many') during the second world war. You should read a bit and understand how prejudice has failed us in the past.
Good article.
LOL, Yes, 'kites' that hit 'bad kites' that carry 'firecrackers'....
The end of Ferguson's term can't come too soon, he is not a good AG being influence a little too much by populism rather than professionalism.
Is the Voice of Fire still considered art ?
"I don't agree with your supposition, as the money the feds gets comes from the provinces," Erm... how so, Jeff: last I looked, the money the feds get comes primarily from personal income tax. Provinces have nothing to do with that.
I'll say one thing for the boys in short pants in the PMO, they're up early pressing the 'like' buttons. I guess there's so many of them that they work in shifts!
You already got yours so who cares about everyone else... A sadly all too common opinion of a baby boomer.
Callahan: try again, your snobbery is showing.
DM, excellent points. When it comes to economic management, the Harper Government are really nothing but charlatans.
I see as of 12:40 pm, the Globe And Mail paid disinformation agents have not arrived as yet. No doubt they'll soon be here distracting from and thumbing down any posts questioning why our governments are spying on us.
Relevant or not, it is worth bearing in mind that the G&M is now 100% owned by Lord Thomson of Fleet. A CConservative Lord.
The comments are always more enlightening .....
I forget who said it, but I'll repeat it:'The NHL lockout mattered to me about the same as if the astrologers all went on strike'
Make sure politicians know your feelings on this issue Canadians, and aren't swayed solely by Media coverage.
Sweden is a homogenous, smaller and more prosperous society per capita than Canada. They never had a prostitution problem. They criminalized johns as an egalitarian statement. They 'fixed' a problem they never had.
Coverage that reports what someone said is different from insults. Leitch's problem is the same as Trump's....she says such dumb things that simply reporting what she says looks like an attack piece, when it nothing more than news.
Those poor persecuted white people.
Wow speedbird, you just proved the paranoid left is no myth.
@Centre-IceSpeaking of crack... How is this different? What was the harm from Ford smoking it?
'Homicide, Suicide, and unintentional'... if it isn't homicide, is it somehow less tragic?
Your'e so out to lunch....
Yet your Climate Demi-God, the IPCC's Chairman said it was a HOAX! Oooops, Inconvenient time for the sheep!
Yeah, right. Maybe there's 149 French citizens just pretending to be dead.
'..more attention to the file'Don't know how this stupid and anachronistic term applies to JFK.
Who wrote this joke? Ezra are you writing for the G&M now? Looks like the reich-wing machine is starting to step it up, must be getting near election time.
Why read her comments then?
A lino is waiting for Trump's digestion doctor to type out letter in Donald's mental condition ................. his steno was laughing to hard to type it
Thanks Tony. I do understand the construction of the Constitution. My question was to a guy who claims there will be a court challenge yet apparently does not understand the construction of the Constitution.
Tell that to your PM.
4thought, Yeah. Absolutely. Be very afraid of offending Dubya's war criminal poodle, Tony Blair.
But of course, math teacher doesn't work as an insult for S. Banks, does it? It doesn't fit with the required stereotype of Trudeau.
?A well-documented cultural practice?? Do you mean like honour killings, forced marriages and female circumcision? Hmm, okay.
Giving a Minister unilateral authority to grant, revoke, or deny citizenship is a recipe for a conflict of interest disaster. Under what circumstances should a Minister directly grant citizenship vs going through the regular channels?
And yet Ontario is one of the few provinces with economic growth. It's not that bad here.
another great day for Canada as the country is taken back from Harper as more of his legislation is struck down by the SCC.
While Justin Boy was saying sorry some of his Ministers were laughing.. what a pathetic buncscene!
Maybe some of the traditional Conservative voters are finally starting to realize that the Harper gang is nothing but Reform/Alliance hiding under the Conservative banner.
"The adults?" Who have you been watching for the past year? My 10 year old is better behaved than Donald Trump.
Although suicide may be illegal and unconstitutional it is not criminal or unlawful.
He's no leftist.
Nailed it.Its rediculous that this country has no laws on abortion, and I think having an adult conversation about it is long overdue. Stifling all debate as baby Trudeau wants to do is the wrong direction.
So undecided... What was the excuse when the Democrats had the majority in the house? That's what has Americans in a uproar. Doesn't seem to matter, have only partial control.. complain and make excuses.. have full control, do nothing.
respect? only in your mind.
No, no. I blame the alleged f_cking minorities on the team.
Except the PERCEIVED rights of a few do not override the LEGITIMATE rights of the many. Get lost, clown.
Wait a minute. You mean to say that you actually selected to have emails launched to you from these boards? Outrageously funny.
The Ontario liberals are a disgrace. Their defense of indefensible financial irresponsibility is an insult to the intelligence.
Privatize TTC? But, but, but that would mean the people who use it would have to pay for it?That would cause Liberal heads to EXPLODE!!
They have already been suspended from clinical practise. Please explain the due process to date.
Everything other than you're total confusion on why Vancouver has a particularly unique problem rings true. Where do you think its manufactured? Who cares so little about lives when there are billions?
More likely they will be joining class action lawsuits and trying to cash in.
Idle No More is a fraud. Pure and simple.
...............celebrate the birth of the god Mithras (or the new sun).
Good one, Mr. Thorsell.
You need to get over your chagrin that the party led by Justin Trudeau trounced the former government in the October 19 election. Mr Harper's legacy is... wait for it... Prime Minister Justin Trudeau.
Kim Huynh is the same person claiming that Qu?bec has more potholes than ROC put together. Well! In Vi?tnam they have none but a communist government caring for the social good of all citizens!
The Conference Board of Canada: Ontario?s Economic Outlook Remains Bright Despite Slow Start to 2015
And you, Sir or Madam, were a jurist of the highest calibre.
I doubt it, speaking the truth is nothing to regret.
"Rockin' Rio" - Notwithstanding my rambling observation on libraries, whether the copying of records is theft or not is obviously not my point. I was merely commenting on the aptness of the analogy. Also, I'm still waiting for your "second of all."
There should be some sort of heading on all comments pages to remind posters like you that the G&M endorsed teh CPC last election, as did the NP and most newspapers.
Internet didn't exist, or you may have seen that.
or hacks into the DNC server
Wow, and who will educate the likes of you? Is anyone capable such a feat?
Global warming: It's the politics, stupid.
Carbon Dioxide is not a pollutant! It is a vital part of out atmosphere, biosphere and lithosphere. It is plant food. The level of science-illiteracy in this debate is astounding.
aw chuckles, I googled "David Suzuki eliminating fossil fuels" and got not a single hit that was applicable. Lots of reducing though. I'm sure he must have used those words in the same sentence at some moment in time, just can't find any. Can you?
No, my rights aren't up for determination by anyone else. Rights and virtues are in the soul. My rights are mine because God gave me a soul and put my rights into my soul, it has nothing to do with the approval of my neighbors.
Yes, 12 incidents of drawing his gun in 3 yrs. Way more than extreme. He was either fearful or looking for an excuse to use it.
Pretending democracy exists is like pretending we have a justice system. We live in a pseudo-democracy (probably ok) and we have a legal industry.
I can see your mind have been anti-China indoctrinated deeply. Un-brainwashing is always very difficult but in your case perhaps impossible.
TFWs who live in employer owned housing...
Hmmm. Didn't Stephen Harper also re-write all of our textbooks? Sorry. My mistake, we all still have that to look forward to.
I urge you to read this....Alberta is not Norway: http://www.albertaoilmagazine.com/2015/03/alberta-is-not-norway/
You got it right. Don't let Michele hear you though.
How brilliantly insane... double the credential time and halve the enrolment, and, for sure, don t layoff a single professor...
Adscam or 'pump-your-own-tires' scam... different out-houses, same smell.
Remedial English would be suggested after reading that post...:-) yikes!!!
But that doesn't apply in this case.
'Manufacturing' - the UNIFOR code word for vehicles. I bet he remembers the not too distant past when auto workers retired early on a non-contributory pension under the '30 and out' clause.
this smells like mccarthyism to me, we are are all looking for communists
I heard her speak, Chrystia Freeland is way overrated.
Wonder how long it will be before some enterprising person will realize they can charge up a whole bank of batteries overnight from their car charger to use during the day for household tasks like laundry, heating, lights etc.
Well stated Nick. Thank you.
Well folks, Ford Nation won't believe the facts no matter what anybody says -even if what they believe is no different than make believe.
I believe both Egypt and the Saudis have this "need" to "suppress at-home variations on the Muslim theme, like the Brotherhood.
They can continue to vote in the riding for their last Canadian residence - no limit on number of years away.
That reminds me. What happened to all the "racially motivated attacks" that we heard about last Thursday. Dozens of attacks against muslim women reported on that one particular day , then silence. Curious.
The Russians thought they had a foolproof method of doping, only to be caught. Maria, cry cry cry, baby!
This is our Canadian moment. Let do it!
Hey pistol wiped: Americans did not invade Ukraine, or Georgia. The Russians have.
The Americans have been modelling the potential of drones in Pakistan and Yemen. To imagine that this technology will not be turned bank on them at some point would be naive.
Yes, "Sea" live in your own little naive world and continue to pretend that endorsements don't matter...
Too true Margaret but you forgot about the abuse of sick days.
Not sure, Ford as Councillor will still be a global celebrity that he wasnt before when on council i.e. a vacuum for all media about and in Toronto
I see a pile of Miller-defending down-votes, but I don't see anyone offering an alternate explanation for how we ended up with Frod.
No - I am a wise old man who can see through the propaganda .-)
I might consider spending $1500 for a face to face meeting with Katherine Wynne... pie in hand, of course.
Every aspiring politician should be asked to take a mandatory financial literacy test. hat would disqualify about 90 per cent of the present lot
Hahahahaha. Trump will be president on January 20th and there isn't anything you or anyone else in the GTA can do.
19roy445: 02 PM on March 29, 2013'create a real health care system free of corruption 'How do you do that?
It may take courage but it is downright scary thinking about a very immature person holding the reins of government. If you heard a story about a similarly conflicted airline pilot would you fly with him at the controls?
shaunnarine1 - that terrorism in Europe has fallen dramatically since the 1970s and 80s. And the common theme of that terrorism was...... communism.
Please - lose the dots. Your post would be much easier to read if you used normal punctuation.
Heee-alllll ! Heee -alll ! Heee-alll !~E. Angley
Thank you for your post
That comment is about all this column is worth.
Hey, anyone can make a mistake, so just send us a cheque to cover the loss, and we will forget the whole thing.
Good post. Thank you.
....or tosses a hot cup of coffee at another (male) person.
Behind door #7: Culled Seals?
So then answering my questions should be pretty easy for such a smart person as you. Why don't you enlighten us with your wisdom? Who is the enemy we should be fighting? Yakabuski thinks it should be Russia/Assad loyalist/Iran. I don't.
Thanks for that update.
What has it got to do with 'race'?It's about religion.
She watched Bill screw on the job.
If I said that - my comment would have been deleted - this one probably will anyway because it is about Muslims and Islam and according to The Globe, I am not allowed to speak on such topics
As opposed to Liberals creating vile rumors about Laureen Harper. Got it.
Great idea for the next Harper attack ad. keep em coming conservative scum
I think his bottom is pretty full already. I believe it is were he keeps his brains.
Let's be clear cons are liars---you should bone up on canadian political history before you make an a$$ of your self. By the way 'liar' is a very serious claim.
No votes to be gained from Canada's French population so it is clear why he didn't go.More surprising is that he didn't go to the events in Jerusalem.
in other news... Blue Jays won...!!....they have the money..
Dog whistle was the phrase Trudeau used a few days ago in a speech. Simpson is just echoing his idols words
You do remember what Paul Martin had to do in the 1990's remember? You realize he had to do that because of a massive mountain of debt built up over the years preceding him. Ridiculous to say that red ink doesn't matter.
Who does this Pope think he is?Benyamin Netanyahu?
You have to get down on your knees and pray to God for forgiveness for shilling for the Put-in.
You need to look up 'communism'
PHTest What a childish post it takes a CHILD's wisdom to see through the partisan nonsense of the anti harper LEFT in the quicksand of bias
STONER enjoy retirement.....
. . . Okay.. the analogy was a 'burst out loud laughing' good one.. !!Thanks for the smile./..
Most of the Editors at the Globe have come over from the National Post and Sun News, the Huffington Post is the best source for truth in reporting
No, it was the other one.
And Harper was so loved by the other world leaders.....
The white poppy people deserve praise for gooing against the stream. The red poppy people have simply been mislead by the Legion and the media who know better. Please read my post.
Ranked ballot seems like the best and fairest option.
The international system was created by the super powers and their hangers-on ( at the time the USSR, USA, UK, France ..). It would have taken place without us since nobody wanted a nuclear WW3.
'You can't see Iran, but the nuke-crazed mullahs aren't far away.'=======That's just childish chauvinism coupled with rehashed propaganda. Globe readers deserve better.
The Constitution Act 1867 clearly says that senators are appointed by the Governor-General, while MPs are elected. Trying to elect senators is clearly in conflict with that.
well Steve_d1, I was pretty sure you were a science denier, but after your last comment now I'm absolutely sure.
Old Liberal fogeys like Simpson are apathetic. That portends well for regime change in Kathy Wynne's credit card Shangri-La.
Ontario is a pit now; thanks to the Dolton
Its kind of hard to lead when the Republicans openly admitted to opposing him on every issue.
This piece of garbage is unworthy of a serious newspaper like the Globe and Mail. I am disappointed in you. If a first year economics or political science student submitted this as an essay he or she would get a failing grade.
Never have this cat's pronouncements been truer: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kxRX6LXDpWs
I deleted nothing. That is not even possible to my knowledge. Are you a little paranoid ?
Well, I guess you must be a dentist because reading your weak defense of Trump was like having a tooth drilled.
'Women in the workplace see each other as competitors; not as allies in the fight against gender discrimination.'Just like men in most every domain, I guess. But it seems to me this is part of her message...
Yes it is true, but sooner or later america is loosing it and there will be a post IS or Daech.
What comes around goes around. ^
That, stuvian, is the branch plant economy's way.
Affluenza. The poor dears.
Poor Harper. He was right all along. What Harper thinks today, the whole world thinks tomorrow.
Absolutely, sirencall - it was a failed coup. To get from there to suggesting it was phony in the sense that it was a set-up by Erdogan himself - in the absence of evidence - is loony conspiracy territory.
Soundoff is a character straight out of George Orwell's Nineteen Eighty Four. His explanation of the new and approved definition of the meaning of the words 'climate change' and his claim that paleoclimate is not climate are pure newspeak.
Old white guy lives matter too.
I think you have to include a 'winkee face' for some people to get sarcasm. But I'm not a 13 year old girl so I never include it either.
And Obama just gave Assad's biggest supplier (Iran) carte blanche by suspending sanctions and letting them get away with their nuclear program. Obama has been useless as President. Hopefully an actual adult taking over in January will help.
I have ever never been a fan of Hudak but anyone who has the strength of will to take on our fat, bloated police officers will get my vote!
There is a system in place for evaluation, and it is used successfully by successful admin.
Maybe you shouldn't have dropped out of school in grade 8 then.
yes hats have been know to create great injustice
Or the do-gooder aboriginal author of this article.
What does Harper have to do with Trudeau not bothering to even show up a a service for 6 Canadians who were victims of a terror attack because they were white Canadian Christians? Trudeau's supposed to be in charge right ?
The hot air from this prime minister could solve our carbon emission problem.
Couldn't have said it better.
Sorry, but that horse had already left the barn. Like, for example, when Justin was sent a note asking if he could beat Harper, and he replied with... http://tinyurl.com/lhzomh3
Referendum or not, abolition requires Constitutional Amendment, very, very unlikely.
Uhhh... This is one of the most important issues facing western societies?
Please do not be so hard on the Neanderthals.
The only people we can help are the 'good' Yemenis. That way the Saudis can concentrate on killing the rest of the 'bad' ones.
The ethnic communities in Canada have two parent families. Criminals are more likely to be from single parent families.
You remark about Jeffrey not being a good Canadian, and then you proceed to not spell it 'licence'.
Pure disinformation ... propaganda. None of it bears scrutiny.
What if I was born here, do I rescind my citizenship?
Disgraceful.
Absolutely correct. I would include that the problems with Obamacare have been greatly exacerbated by the efforts of many Republican state governors to throw up roadblocks to its implementation.
There's oil under the LA basin. Go to the Huntington Beach pier at night and you can see the lights from offshore oil wells.
yes he would if it gives him power
With the electrical hikes in Ontario there's no winner when powering these trains. Unfortunately public transportation issues are facing every major city in Canada.
Facts don't constitute blame.
I love you even more than I did before!
Those who wear them might follow your advice and remove them. That's up to them. They do not have to please you or me. I don't like them either. Some people want to get rid of hoodies too. And I personally hate baseball caps.
May I express my graditude to you for such an excellent post.
Art, i agree with you, my vision of the situation is about the innocent peoples on the island, a good clean up is needed and it's not about to be done. I see the situation like it would be ideal in the far future.
Trump has changed party affiliation a half dozen times, flip-flipping between the Democrats, Republicans, and Independent. All that says is that he has no ideology and will affiliate himself with whichever side he thinks can give him an advantage.
Or from the pharmaceutical industry, the prime mover behind tobacco prohibition.
It is my hope that Harper will denounce the foreign policy of the Israelis and take a stand based upon the Canadian values of equality, liberty and freedom.
Don't be fooled by the "Liberal" name in BC. That provincial party was formed from the scraps of the old Social Credit and Conservative parties in BC. They're ideologically much closer to the CPC than to the federal Liberals.
Unfortunately the G & M has become a conservative lapdog. No longer the unbiased press they used to be.
opium has similar effects to alcohol... that is all
if you are damn, even RT will not change your opinion. So I do not see too much risk to us in here... but since you mentioned some cute Brits on it, I have to check it out.
Liberals? I'm a hard core lefty Liberal and everyone I know is on Ward's side. Your ignorance of what is liberal and what is not is breathtaking.
majority Rule, : well for one, she.............................................
when did it?????When it 'went along' with everyone else????Go to the dictionary, open to 'L', you should know the rest..
i'm impressed... you are really into this... good for you!...but from what i understand, the root cause of climate change is still being investigated
So it was "white people" that raped and pillaged China in WW2?
lol Prince would have been more articulate and to the point about his support for Trump!
The Toronto 'Democrats' forget how Obama and Clinton managed to lose the Senate as a result of his bumbling first term.
Progress indeed. UN Member States that have signed, but NOT ratified the Chemical Weapons Convention: ISRAELMYANMARUN Member States that have NOT signed the Chemical Weapons Convention: ANGOLAEGYPTNORTH KOREASOUTH SUDANSource: OPCW.
I can still see and hear the Cretin singing his praises....'and from dis day on, da highest montaine in da land will be known after dis grat man......Mont Trudeau!'
Does Konrad even read these handouts from the PMO before he publishes them?
What debate were you watching???????????From what I saw - Justin was the clear leader.
Sadly, as long as 'common sense' is split into three parties the Harperite's attack on democracy will continue.
I initially joined the bandwagon of negative response here until I read the comment of PJCM below. It really does make sense and a very balanced way to look at this.
Perhaps the Conservatives have trouble recruiting top notch candidates because Mr. Harper's base of uneducated religious dingbats, gun lovers and climate change deniers scare the bejeezus out of the rest of us.
War criminals can still be deported if they carry duel citizenship, I guess since this was a liberal policy you back it??
can you say MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Agreed. We need the people, have the wealth and ability to assist them, and will reap the economic and moral benefits for decades. It is the cold hearted cowards that want to keep them out.
Give it a rest with the astroturf comments. The only one selling anything here is Naomi Klein, flogging her book and video.
monkey121 10:27 AM on April 16, 2013I do not like them Sam I Am 10:29 AM on April 16, 2013-------------------------------------You guys are worse liars than the politicians. You're self-deluded.
Most socialist governments are kicked out of office before the fallout from their financial mismanagement hits the fan and then the new guys look bad cleaning up the garbage the lefties left behind.
http://www.therebel.media/syrian_bullies_investigation
It's why you can't have a debate. People are firm in their beliefs and some will make completly outrageous claims to support their views.
Do all Ford voters find it hard to spell a simple three-letter word like 'off'? And do we want people like that to decide who runs things?
Well said. I can't think of anyone less qualified to comment on Feminist philosophy.
I strongly doubt that the senior Obama, whose first name escapes me, was Muslim. It is not a common religion in Kenya.
You hope that we as Canadians never desire confrontation, but it is sometimes neccessary.
friendless, yer quite judgemental I daresayThe beauty of the democratic system, not everyone interprets a situation the same way I do and is free to express themselves accordingly.
Interesting, you're 'sick of us' yet a much higher % of Canucks move here than the reverse. We should simply tax every Canuck that steps on U.S. soil. Hit them hard and use the proceeds to build the wall.
We do not officially ask that people assimilate, the official policy is multiculturalism, so maree is quite right. COncerned, you might be less incensed if you took the time to learn the meaning of some of these words.
He said it months ago. I guess you forgot.
I am certain that Harper was 'all of those things' before he met Preston Manning. Manning is a nicer guy.
Case closed!
Great thinking! Then you will be well and truly land locked.
This sounds a bit different than what Lloyd Axworthy was saying a couple of weeks ago. Why would he change his mind? To stay 'loved' by his old political party and its leader?
It doesn't follow that it can't be placed anywhere either. So your conclusion is wrong.
Surely a small plane or helicopter could fly the length of the pipeline once a week, or as required, and spot a leak.
Very good article. I am 68 years old, with still a lot to learn about life; however, I now believe that the keys are in accepting yourself as you are and enough friends, real ones, will still love you. Then learn to let go and LIVE!!!!
You couldn't be bothered to read the whole article?
She only has one source, therefore it has no real credibility.
maybe you're both right.
And bombing them obviously made things worse.
Doesn't make it right.
look! foreign policy! Canadian values!
I agree with CycleWest; Elizabeth May is the most impressive party leader by a wide margin. However, there is the depressing old 'wasted vote' problem: a vote for the Greens is a vote wasted if you want a change in government.
How about paying back for all they recieved while waiting 2 or 3 years on welfare?
If you tried AdScam on for size, you would know how absolutely miniscule it was in proportion to any of Harper's scams. Fool.
Hmmm. NDPers I know think the Globe is a Conservative rag. Go figger.
The woman is also known as a total fraud her e-mails
Follow 'the path'.The sociopath ...
And if she wasn't...put her in a straight jacket!
See my post. You might rethink your opinion
Jack Layton was a quite the opposite in my view he sacrificed ideas to mass consumer appeal in one province in particular.
Really? I mean, really?
So to Keller, black and hispanic en bloc voting is more legitimate than white voting. Who's the racist here?
G&M shame on you for this picture...
Von, But, you see, spirituality isn't religion. My idea of spirituality is quite the antithesis of religion. It's more about the shared reality of people in the here and now, not the unreality in the hereafter.
The media works for the politicians, so it seems.
It was not a Sig Sauer Platform, it was a Sig Sauer MCX rifle. If people are going to discuss something, having the correct facts are a necessity... BTW...aren't pedantic people annoying ;-)
Martin's austerity program: offload federal costs onto the provinces with a unilateral 40% cut to federal transfers and then - Voila! - announce a balanced budget.
If doctors are overpaid, what about the over 70% at Hydro making $100k plus and that includes the guy/gal sweeping the floor!!
Excellent article, although I may not agree with Harper or all of your comments, which, in fact, is the nature of the article, correct?
[Speculation is futile until we know the electoral system that will be used in future elections.]Agreed. Once we get rid of first past the post, assuming Trudeau keeps his promise, all bets are off. Past performances will be irrelevant.
You'd have to be crazy to write an editorial like that. I killed myself laughing.
Why should Miley et. al. wear pants, when there's more publicity and ultimately money ( and therapist sessions!) from not wearing pants?
Many Californians ask me the same questions about why any sane person would want to live here in Canada. Canada's Far North is a place of incredible beauty. Attawapiskat is a White Man's trailer park plopped down into the Northern Landscape.
'Western countries are even asked to circumvent their own legal system so as to accommodate Sharia law for those who so choose.'No, that's only happening in right-wing fantasy land.
Agreed. I can't believe Mulcair would sacrifice 2 of his own just to score political points and make Trudeau look bad. You're right, Mulcair is a dummy.
This is a really good comment. Going to work at a minimum wage fast food job is more humiliating for a 40 year old today than collecting welfare. It used to be that any one who did a hard day's work was respected.
^ This guy could care less about doping, he only cares because a Chinese swimmer was called out.
This would not even be court challenged. Trudeau has a mandate. The election was run on this as a platform plank. Also, the NDP voters support this change. That's 70%.
Are you trying to get another paid for propaganda trip to Israel Wente.....please stop writing about the middle east....it is enough Globe readers have to put up with your nonsense as it is.....
Sure, right, ok. Can you say....nutbar. Time to take your meds guy.
Canadian governments have abandoned support for the technology industry, because the companies that are viable don't need supports from the government.
Does John Baird even have any kids?
It's a short trip! Nobody needs luxury seats for such a short time. The people who designed this are idiots. Or they are just a corporation who sold an idea and made a mint.
you can't have an ATTACK AD attacking Kid Trudeau if there is nothing to attackobviously there is something to attackand they are all true not made upso what is wrong with attack ads if they are true
The same paper that has endorsed Harper twice is telling me that the TPP is less than hoped for and less than feared. Yay, everything is okay.
The work ethic isn't as strong in hunter-gatherer societies as it is in agricultural or industrial societies.
Jimmy 'Git 'er done' Pattison is will be in charge of transit with a yes vote. That alone is worth voting yes!!
If I faced that situation Id ask to see the science backing their demand. But that would be highly illegal
Hudak though is not a leader, even though I would vote Conservative, this guy doesnt show me he is leadership material!
More like sucked in you might say.
Taiwan only needs to look at Tibet & Hong Kong to see what happens when Beijing is in charge, hopefully they will keep a safe distance from the former motherland and continue on their own path.
@jbw24: I'm not an expert, however, I wonder if it's appropriate to say the ideology de facto becomes the "taskmaster" that makes the diffused command structure work.
Harper is the Chinese , French and US oil B%^&*
Bob....the way I'm reading it, you seem to be agreeing with Professor Huscroft said in the quote ...did you mean it differently ?
Your sarcasm is unwarranted. People wanting, needing help usually do not ask for it
Once a Toronto Citizen Lysiane would vote for Rob Ford. Why not, she would be his straitwoman!
So why is it acceptable in the press to question the objectivity of white police officers in black neighbourhoods but not the objectivity of a hispanic judge.
Tell someone who cares Save Trudeau
The NDP won't die, but it will never win the national election and form a government. They will always be a 3rd place party. That's the reality of it !!!!!
The important question is whether or not the Supreme Court should be making decisions regarding it's own membership - allowing them to do so perpetuates any existing political bias the court may have.
Thank you Rory for bringing a different and thoughful perspective on the Afghan experience.
We look at the total progressive vote and feel quite pleased.
The wife of the P M is not the 'First Lady' That would be Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth who is our head of state.
Wow. Look at all the faux outrage.
Nothing. Unless you hold 'Magical' beliefs.
we already have that?its called the CBC. Taxpayer funded, left wing propaganda machine. People like you are like trained seals , clapping at all things anti conservative and pro socialist.
Canadians are masters of 'rolling over and going to sleep'.How do you gthink we wound up with the current Harper government?
By the way, I was implicating Kazzy.
depending on who is eavesdropping, sometimes you can eliminate it if you make a hat from tinfoil.
Yes grace and dignity-Cha ching!!
It does get old.
maree speaks for 'all' women now lol! there are many women out there who don't share her outdated views, and she knows that very well but she seems to be is in denial.
The only person who seems to have witnessed voter ID fraud was Brad Butt. And then he didn't do anything about it, after witnessing it.... oh wait - he was lying.
Makes a lot of sense especially given we don't want a conflict between our interim PM Justin and Putin. Putin would eat Justin for breakfast, just like he did to Obama.
Or Dracula in charge of the blood bank
Stop criticizing a most successful culture. There are many aspects we should adopt.
Did you include the "income splitting factor"? Gotta add 12 points for that.
Simpson's 'seething rage'???Um, maybe you should ease up on the pills a bit.
I see your point about 'indiscriminately killing.' She makes it sound like the airstrikes have no specific target and are just bombing. The truth is that specific airstrikes may cause civilian casualties, but that's not indiscriminate killing.
Well there you have it. The Globe's most worthy apologist for this tarnished govt. Konrad, you should be ashamed of yourself for so heavily buying into the party line. Flanagan would have said the same, but perhaps with just a hint of 'mean' to it.
Other countries encourage their expats to vote by setting up extra territorial ridings or constituencies for them. Problem solved. I have been in Canada for 45 years and I can still vote in elections in my country of origin.
The original post is a comment doing violence to the poetry of the greatest of English writers, twisting the line to become a hollow sexist remark, and yet enough people have given it a thumbs up to 'score' in the positives. This is so wrong.
I am by no means a Harper hater. However his 'hard on soft-drugs' policy is a reason why I may not vote Conservative in the next election. Trudeau's position is far more enlightened.
Things are gettin' pretty bad in the modern world when weenerz like Weiner not only get elected, then never go away.
Language fluency should be required of "landed immigrants" not just citizens.
He just lost all credibility with me to comment on the family tax cut and child benefits. Sure he will donate his child tax credit to charity, but as it turns out it is such an empty gesture.
The Veterans Affairs Secretary is Eric Ken Shinseki.
If countries were not selling weapons abroad this would not happen.
'Benched with the Obama Doctrine.'Obama is pivoting to himself?under the bleachers.
Canada needs to remember its mistakes in war as well as from its sacrifices. Internments in both world wars were mistakes from which we can learn.
You lost be at the mention of 'legality of protests' ...
All things are not equal == consider a little boy, born in a ghetto to an unwed and uneducated mother, with no positive male figure as a parent. That's all things equal?
I agree, Tom might be hanging himself... I see Trudeau pulling off what Philippe Couillard did in Quebec.
That was pretty funny!
RayrayIndian Affairs is tracing you're ancestory and is having trouble accepting Johnny TwoSkidoos as a traditional name.
Extremists on both sides, left and right, are equally ridiculous, and capable of incredible hypocrisy and brutality.
Roberts was allegedly selling exposure on his news program to clients of his company. That is not a 'similar reason.'Solomon never compromised his on-air journalism.
G&M face it your guys lost and for so many reasons. This kind of justifying your ridiculous position on the Conservatives is embarassing. Try being the national newspaper you claim to be.
Remember that the Globe now has a Financial interest in Harper as they are a beneficiary of the Harper debates. The Globe might as well be the National Post.
I dislike the idea of government interfering with religion in the same way that I dislike religious groups trying to run a government. We can easily accommodate the niqab so lets do that and concentrate our efforts on more important issues.
The Toronto Star should treat him like they treated Nina Wills.
Harper is dismantling the peace, order and good government that once was, he is guaranteeing that the left can never put it back together without natural resources extraction. Harper is very much remembering his base.
I have. You do. And you would learn a lot about life.
Again, all this comments closed business is really annoying me.
I wouldn't count on either of these two options. Both assume that Trudeau has a mind, and that Mulcair can govern his temper.
You realise 'gays' can already adopt, right? Did all h%ll break loose? Did I miss it?
'Syria has been left to commit all kinds of atrocities on their own people...'HAHA! Funny stuff.
Which opened up trade and created prosperity?
So, what's Harper's alternative? A free trade deal?
A Progressive is defined as someone who is so open minded that their brains have fallen out.
... and a short one too.
Any citizen that does not see the benefit of taxation should travel to a country that does not tax citizens for the common good. Believe me, it's an eye opener.
In a world of utopians on the international stage ,we should not forget the statement of Bismarck : ' The issues of the day will be decided not by speeches and majority decisions, but by blood and iron '.
Elitist snob.
Exactly my thoughts. I, and the people I know, will be voting strategically. Even if one has to hold one's nose a little- we need to get rid of Harper and his divisive, destructive government. It will take time, and vigilance, but we can come back.
Really? Ever heard of a thing called 'critical thinking'? Wait - scratch that - ever heard of the thing called 'thinking'?
Are you stuck in the 1950s?
I could not agree more.
Valzar: Of course people should believe in whatever they want to. Why that necessitates a $5 million budget in Ottawa is another matter.
We had a per vote subsidy that Harper removed. I have zero interest in any story now featuring complaints from Harperites concerning political fund raising. They broke the system so they own it all.
Another cliched seniors bashing moment that our former poor excuse of a PM liked to do!
ISRAEL unlike the rest of the middle east is not protected by political correctness of the progressive left or the leftist Principle of Inclusion
Weird... you just described how I feel about religion, you know, the opiate of the people.
Supply and demand. There is a greater supply of people to fill low skilled jobs. Society hasn't 'valued' these jobs low. Economic reality has.
Agreement? When Iran's leader says 'death to America'!
George Orwell would have had fun with Wynne and her political ilk.
Your belief in the sky daddy threatens the world. When the catholics start paying tax, I might not despise your organization quite as much.
god they just HATE anyone saying a word in defence of the enemy ...
This is click bait.
One more thing ... forget it, I forget what it was. A truly bizarre editorial.
Maybe he should start telling us HOW he is going to give everybody those jobs without starting the third world war.....
RACIST! Expecting everyone to be treated the same? MONSTER!I'm calling the Human Rights Commission. Expect a kangaroo to be at your door soon.
Forced Vaccinations are for Nazi's
'The Conservatives have already announced that they won?t be following suit'Can someone point me to the article that talks about this? I can't find it and am really curious.
indoctrination from birth, with blind acceptance
I don't know how they can say this with a straight face - teachers just got a raise - even though they are among the highest paid in the OECD countries.
Yes of course. But will the natives actually give the AFN the authority to make binding agreements with the Feds ??? Not too likely !!! Therefore more of the same unending bullcrap forever.
Yes, it's hard to manage 'news' properly when readers disagree with the stuff you publish. It hardly seems fair.
'Canada?s economic future depends on our ability to develop and export our energy resources.'Liar.
I am offended that this bozo copped from Hunter S.
LOL. Hyperbole was never more justified: 'Mr. Trump would be a disaster ... worse than an asteroid crashing into Earth and creating a nuclear winter for a generation to come.'C.
Kevin O'Leary fast becoming Canada's Donald Trump.
she never mentioned the elephant in the roomglobalization retirement? yes we did have it better, defined benefit plans, now defined contribution plans are the norm
So Ronin x What is the solution? So far I see NOTHING but spouting nonsense from You!
That's a moot point. I've already had my four kids and I'm not going to have any more. Whatever I may have to pass on, is water under the bridge.
Rob P.: Very well stated. I wish I could have done as well.
Social democrats. Big difference.
Cholesterol is NOT the problem. The body esp. the brain will not function without it. High cholesterol. This is just one of many papers on the cholesterol myths. http://www.thincs.org/Malcolm.choltheory.htm
Like what ? Do you have something to suggest ?
Being critical of new ideas that are to be found in a book you haven't read, Tony? A good propagandist would not even try it.
Holy pronoun Batman. that was a voluminous volley of verse.
Sometimes they are. Mostly they're not. But it takes an acumen of intelligence to recognize same. You lose both ways.
In our day and age, peacekeepers have to be better armed than any potential adversary. . LAVs are considered 'peacekeeping equipment' only if they are placed between adversaries that are poorly armed. It can be taken out by an RPG.
Pont DuPont? Nice ring to it.
So you think higher density living is a better quality of life? I disagree.
Makes one wonder how Edward Snowden and Bush the invader will be viewed in the next century, by his countrymen.
I'd rather have government running a few key industries. No one owes capitalists a thing.
So the alternative would be outright war - the real thing - not the stuff you watch on TV. This is a cultural - not military - conflict. The worst ....
''''The House of Commons was first broadcast on TV in 1977 (I recall).''''The media got what it wanted, and MPs having been playing the part ever since.
Interesting conclusion.....
Thanks, we don't need that stupidity here, move to the US if you want it.
A very rational comment indeed. I'll give you a thumbs up.
With Harper's use of props like the cash register sound and the involvement of Canada's two most famous albino gorillas (Rob & Doug Ford), sometimes it has felt like we are watching SCTV.
'Why Toronto Mayor Rob Ford was deemed an unfit high school coach?'This sort of says it all...//www.youtube.com/watch?v=m-fTJf5o1OM
Lysiane has a sense of humor today. She says PQ chances look good for a general election. Again no surprise here because CROP public poll was sponsored by La Presse. She is a good soldier!
End the superficial fixation with the Greens!
Maybe the party that makes such a big deal of 'microagressions' could get its head around what it feels like to be the people on the receiving end of leftist vitriol for the last 40 years or so, i.e. that 'conservative middle class'?
If the Saudis are "enemies" as you say, why did Harper sell arms to them ?
IF you'd like to hear what others have to say, try listening. Your belligerent flag waving and chest thumping seems to be making you a tad deaf.
Another tidbit from the video. If it was so nefarious why was he talking about donating funds for stepping in the ring?
Ok, although not a Trump supporter and I find both candidates equally contemptible, I found this 'yet another anti Trump pro Clinton report overly simplistic.
All talk of "first woman president" confirms what Haroldp just said anyone DENYING this should stop talking of "first woman president" as if that were possible
Typical propagandistic tripe from PS1.
Surely what is urgent is to investigate the compaints.
Oh no, theyre too 'progressive' around here for that. More likely they'll just chalk it up to 'Islamaphobia'. Facts be darned
I don't think Trump ever said to cut military spending. Just to not get involved in other people's wars.
Negative reporting? Which part did you see as negative? Why would you accuse her of being anti-francophone? Isn't she francophone by birth?
5 dollars for you Tommy.
It's about as classy as asking a neighbour if you can park your new car in his driveway after his truck's been repossessed. Hey, it's not like politicians know the importance of words and appearances.
The Russians didn't send their army.
Yugely elite, really elite, a great elite, really great.
That's exactly what she is saying. It would behoove you to actually read the article.
NEBIES, You admit Harper is toast at least... bye bye broom closet coward.
It was a case of 'Do as you're told - or die'. They meant it.
'a large number of Canadians'. There. Happy now?
if he was well educated he would not be a rbo-con.
When it comes to Sunny Immigration and Refugees including "undocumented" ones - euphemism for "illegals" then Doug Saunders is even sunnier than Justin, if that is possible
Justin has every right to tell you how to raise and discipline your children. The government must be in your pants, your bedroom and your home. Sunny ways!
You need to read all the words. The report found a reduction in STREET prostitution, not a reduction in prostitution. The street has been replaced by Craigslist and the dozens of other online sources of supply.
Do we have ANY foreign policy in this country that isn't written by the USA and Israel?
Progressive111: I guess you're trying to say that Mr. Harper is a progressive.
False equivalency.
Can you say 'Witch Hunt'! Now is time for Duffy to sue... everybody... including the media.
Are you suggesting that the people of Attawapisckat are not living the same lifestyle they had 100 years ago? I'm sure that their life hasn't changed significantly. you want me to try to change that? how do you suggest I do that?
I'm pro-Israel but would not vote for Harper at any time.
Zim and Zer went up ze hill to fetch zune pail of waterZim fell down and zis crownAnd Zer came tumbling after. Next up - translating Dr Seuss' work
But this isn't a matter of law. It's a matter of personal religious belief. If your beliefs differ so much from those of TWU, why would you want to go there in the first place?
Your paragraph about the style of the Harper government recalls the old saw concerning inevitability - one is an event, two is a coincidence, three is a pattern. Pick any three and tell me what will happen to our democracy if Harper gets in again.
...starting with Lower Canada.
Yes. Me take money from mommy but she say I had to or I be spanked.
Wickipedia.............?
Faith is believing what you know ain't true. Mark Twain.
In Kim Il Trudeau's dictatorship citizens must think they way they are instructed by our state run media.
This is such a patently ridiculous column, I had to check twice to make sure it was in the Globe and Mail. I get that times are tough in journalism and everything, but honestly, is nobody there checking the crap that's being published?
I'm impressed that he made it all the way through a column on climate change and did not use the 'd' word once.
The best thing the Ontario Liberals have going for them is Tim Hudak, the master at campaigning for opposition leader.
They should be out protesting the movie The Last Samurai (An American military advisor embraces the Samurai culture he was hired to destroy after he is captured in battle).
True, but even their fiscal prism is warped. Harper (like Mulroney) just piled on more debt. That is NOT fiscal conservatism.
Trump, illiterate?? Can't beWarning - language is NSFWhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7LFkN7QGp2c
Require citizenship to buy property.
He has scummed to the itch between his two big toes.
A serious look at the un-elected and publicly funded PMO is needed. You and I are paying for this partisan bunch and we don't even know how much.
Bravo, Globe & Mail.
I want all the discounts I can get it helps pay the taxes, Some drug stores are to pricey for me and so never get their discount never go in there. And I haven't started using drugs yet.
...and what a lot of whining has been going on here from the cry-babies when the G&M actually allowed something to be printed that was complimentary and truthful about PM Harper. They feel betrayed by THEIR newspaper!
The children are the real victims of helicopter parents as they grow up to be fearful, unadventurous and rather dull. Like you I "saw some stuff" in my childhood roaming, but it was just life experiences.
How to get under Harpers skin, vote Liberal.
That would be three, present or former, New Yorkers!
Maybe Justin should make a trip to the middle east and find out?
So being a waiter, labourer or bus driver is not a career path? How presumptuous and snobbish.
What an informative comment. Nothing these Harper creeps say or do is as advertized.
Well, you just made my day. Maybe the Globe and Mail needs to lighten up a little.
It is a matter of free choice. If the public believed women choose to be covered from head to toe then it would be ok. But, it appears most women have no choice. We can't allow that in a free society.
I suspect that same government waits 5 days before extracting its foreign policy from Fox news...
Required reading in Paris ? How about Toronto and Ottawa ?
How about eliminating the Indian Act?
wow talk about divisive rhetoric. I thought that as members of the human race we're all in this together. Apparently not.
Sun News' lack of viewership is in sharp contrast to its big brother Fox News in the USA. That says a lot about the differences between Canadians and Americans. Vive la difference!
Pay, your men had a decade. What, exactly, did they do with it?
Flawed but remarkable men who improved on what they were presented with, though not without costs.
It fits those who have 'Personal Responsibility' tattooed over their hearts but look to blame others for their political-managerial mistakes and shortcomings.
Most Evangelical Christians also support the death penalty, 2nd amendment, supported the war in Iraq, and oppose any social programs to help the poor. Otherwise a lot of them are quite selective in what parts of the Bible they follow.
Yes, she seems to forget about the manager and administrators being the problem.
He's not smart enough to be thoughtless bully
Paul Martin supported the invasion of Iraq and you probably voted for him
'Would this judge throw out a cancer patient wearing a scarf too?'Is a cancer patient wearing a scarf for religious reasons?
I happen to live in Saskatchewan and am quite pleased with my current representation, thank you very much.
The boy wonder is entitled to his entitlements.
There is a problem with violence against women all over the world. This violence takes many forms but the results are the same. It's not positive for anyone.
TW - here is some data on the GDP in Alberta in 1985 and 2013 http://albertacanada.com/business/overview/economic-results.aspx and in 2013 agriculture constitutes 1.9% only. Just thought you might be interested
What steve_d1 said: What are you and your religion going TO DO about it?'Physician, heal thyself'
Oh yes, the NDP is what I call the 'money tree plan' and it will work as soon as we start planting the money trees.
BS shoopster. Don't take the job and you're gone, or shuffled down the job placement deck for not playing ball, until you're let go for lack of work. There's no law to protect you from that.
No, you don't. Get over it.
great post, the lemmings bit made me laugh !
And what wise leader and party did the majority of voters give this mandate to?The NDP have just overwhelmingly given the not to their leader. Nice try with your weak argument.
'Overtly confident people will fight back even when it's clear their idea or plan isn't so great.'Rob Ford
Lipstick on a pig.
How about tackling them both. There is no worst. They all need a rude awakening to reality.
Ha Ha! Mind you, I think all the comments are pretty good. But your jibe still made me laugh... :)
Clueless from Halifax is just that.
I can only hear Mr Harper saying 'We have laws for that.'
Muslims are the problem..........NOT THE SOLUTION!
''Social media' is a sewer'.Maybe YOURS is, but mine certainly isn't - and neither is that of my children. Sounds like you need lessons and training in how to maintain an online pressence?
The salary bump was just part of the goodies delivered, more sick days at full pay etc.
I like the logic here. If you're miserable, you can't ask for euthanasia; if you're feeling fine, you can.
sure hope they do we cannot afford four more years of wynneor Justin for that matter
Except women with functioning brain stems
What the hell does this old man know about anything? He believes in a fictitious god.
A university professor is now considered a civil servant? I guess they are when you are jealous of their pension and want to make a point.
Mel, you going all poetic and all
Wow. Perhaps the most uninformed, inflammatory, and bigoted column in some time by the old hag down the block. Pathetic.
Can't help but notice that the very people who prattle on about freedom, would, if they could, deny freedom of expression to the dissenters.
CBC Radio 1 is #1 in Vancouver and has been for years. but don't let the truth get in the way of your ignorance.
And this thoughtful, reasoned comment is relevant to what, exactly?
Trump supports Key Stone, his presidency would be good for Canada!
quite right
Most of the people involved in Paris were French petty criminals turned radicals. ISIS just took advantage of what was already there.
Putin is very popular at home!
~$580,000/year total for 9 board members.
Did you get the feedback that you were looking for from the profs after submitting your work to them?
They just put the nails in their own coffin for the next election. It's wonderful.
Hear, Hear!
NO evidence are you blind? The uranium deal with Russia, all those secrets given to China and her links to the muslim brotherhood Anyway it doesn't matter there is NOTHING she can do to stop Trump.
Let's prorogue the Royalty.
Please don't tell me that you have only now realized that the Globe is a left wing biased site... Why do you think we had McGuinty, Wynne and now Trudeau? Because of left wing biased sites like the Globe.
Do you have links and references?
Although you would not know it this is already happening in Canada. Talk to anyone who is in the field of family violence, social services and violence against women and you will find out. I have been hearing about it for decades.
In five years Canada will be just fine, actually much better with the separatists gone permanently. What is left of Quebec will snarling among themselves, King Karl and Madame Marois fighting over what is left.
At least JT has not yet started his own HALL OF FAME
The secret government can't allow that.
Make all the fun you want. What reform of the Senate did Harper manage?
Based on the existence of the article, that is not the case across the board.
Yes, if he had thrown the grenade that killed my loved one in that godforsaken place so long ago, and at such a tender age, I would support his release.
It depends on how you define danger. Physically, he may only have been putting himself in danger but clearly his actions of hanging out with drug dealers and criminals, he was putting the broader city in a danger that you don't want in a democracy.
This is going to be the most exciting election in years, that's for sure. I wonder how the liberals will handle it?
Could somebody remind me about the last time a Jew or a Christian was made mayor of the capital of Iran or Saudi Arabia or Egypt or Syria?
The Globe has sunk to a new low. Pathetic journalism.
You still consider doing a fair portion of work as 'helping out' which says a lot. Actually you are not 'helping out' but doing your fair share.
Not being a homophile does not make one a homophobe.
Important to bear in mind that Marois and the PQ did not even garner a majority among francophone voters.
"The Battery Miracle Will Transform Both Transportation And Power Generation" http://thinkprogress.org/climate/2016/06/17/3789368/battery-miracle/
RAND never issued the report referred to by you and appearing in the article. In 2008 RAND issued a statement denying that report. Check your sources.
Just wait a while. The moderators are not awake yet:-)
Too bad he didn't have a similar Press Conference for his Corrupt G20 so called Officers
The only thing that will make people change is the complete collapse of the industrial civilization.
But they speak so highly of you!
By comparison Robert Mugabe makes our 'Steve' Harper look like Darth Vader or Attila the Hun.
Have you seen the south end of Guelph lately? The old-time locals call it mini-Mississauga.
Justin selling arms to Saudi is part of 'sunny ways' 'because it is 2015' and'Canada is back'it all fits in
More specifically - she's always on whatever side the con hack loser party is on. That's the truth. Period.
Devastating analysis. And the plan was (still is?) to cut out natural gas and replace it with higher cost and less reliable electricity.
Thanks for invoking Godwin's Law with your absurdist Third Reich comparison.
This must be what Harper's minions on the back bench do to stay awake.
I thought you were supposed to report the news, not make things up.
Behold this Greek multicultural support network activist behind Harper throwing stones at the house he himself has greatly benefited from despite what Quebecers think of him and the party he supports.
I guess these two are older examples of the new disease called 'affluenza'.
Needreason: --- "Well by your reasoning before that the Liberals are smarter and higher educated." He didn't mention the Liberals. You did. Jeez, you talk about Trudeau more than the Liberals do. Just ask him out already.
What if it's a 6 year-old girl kissing the boy? Is that still assault, or are all these laws ONLY against men?
....well, a columnist she apparently is, writing pap that many, including some seeking the highest office in the land will hungrily devour believing every sentence.
If Londoners voted in a Hindu, Sikh or Jewish mayor, would they get the same attention?
Two words why Harper doesn't win again; Nigel Wright.
Article completely ignores the abuse of the system by 'Canadians of convenience'. It's a smart move for Canada.
School teachers would need to put in more hours to put in the equivalent of a three day week. It will never happen.
CDNWorker writes: 'Honesty and integrity do matter.'=============The recent Ontario election demonstrated that these two things are not particularly high on the list of voter concerns.
Uptown will funk you up.Bruno Mars
Right on! Well said.
You're thinking of social disease. More like the gift that keeps on taking and taking andtaking....
Scalia deserves to bake in hell.
I'm sure Ron Giesbrecht agrees wholeheartedly. His band, maybe not.
Im trying to imagine you with a personality.
Says David, 'time to send a man in to clean this up.'. your own words David. Kind of come back to haunt you. Or, wait, that was SO different, right?
@CYNIC11 Thanks for your completely pointless comment that does nothing but lower the signal to noise ratio. But you got to see your name on the screen so I guess you are happy now.
There is a word to describe the difference between Harper's 'talk' and his 'walk': hypocrisy.
Wonderful article.
crudely put....but accurate
need studies to show this. but if you ask parents who's kids have committed to these programs (Oxford/Kumon), you will see that they do work (individual grades rise) - otherwise, they would be out of business.
Most thoughtful post I've seen yet.
What has that got to do with the here and now.....?
Why does the proposition that every vote should count require a referendum? That is what proportional representation does.
Alberta has provide $$$in transfer payments to Quebec for decades. Time to show some appreciation and but Canadian oil not Arab oil.
By their own admission: publiceditor.blogs.nytimes.com/2015/07/27/a-clinton-story-fraught-with-inaccuracies-how-it-happened-and-what-next/?_r=0
Please, pay attention before talking (it looks bad when you don't): http://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/world/leaked-speech-excerpts-show-clinton-at-ease-with-wall-street-and-free-trade/article32310812/
The Dude is the man. I agree that it is deeply offensive to compare them.
If you made it to the crib, you won the pro-choice lottery.
Preston Manning is the founder of the Manning Centre for Building Plutocracy. Famous graduates of this institution include Rob Anders, Ezra levant, Danielle Kolodnicki and Stephen Harper.
"The economy is a wholly owned subsidiary of the environment, not the other way around." - Gaylord Nelson Harper has no blood nor humanity. Caustic soda runs through his veins. If you cut him "it" will melt a hole through the floor.
Your comments are making me want to break out in song: Coom Bye Yah My Lord.......
On the most important issues of our time--the environment and climate change--our government has no credibility, either globally or at home. The people who voted for them have a lot to answer for.
'But, I think they are in line with what business pays to relocate new staff to head office.'Do you seriously believe that Canada is run like a private business?
was a socialist state... but not anymore
Democracy is worth a few bucks to me. If you want this to end, tell Harper to repeal the sections of Bill C-45 that apply to treaty rights and the environment. The manner in which C-45 was passed is an assault on our proud Parliamentary tradition.
Not in today's world. The British Empire is no more.
...and justifiably so.
Preston is a senile old coot.
WRONG .....the liberal platform was just that a platform a take it or leave it scenario and as such he must let the voters of canada decide on the single most important issue we will face in generations......
Agree. For a PM who didn't serve that long, and ofter in a minority he has a good record of achievement. Mind you he mostly ran against Diefenbaker, whose tone deafness on Quebec gave the Liberals a hundred seat headstart.
I agree. The president should step down. Ultimately, the buck stops with him.
Who cares. He's free to say and believes. We live in Canada. Land of the free. If you want Government controlling what Canadian's can say or think, then you are a communist. Perhaps you should move to China. It'll be more to your liking.
ranking PMs and posterstop 1o include harper, at 23, JUSTInat the bottom of the list in posting troll, RMILLER
add in some hand wringing and I think you've nailed it!
Beat me to it NtA! lol
Travel much?
Why would you think I'd be honoured? Would you be honoured?
Einstein said 'to repeat the same experiment over and over again expecting a different result is insane'.
Who picked these Canadians for this list ?So many good choices ignoreg. So we know David Suzuki is more popular than and accused child molestor on this list. Congratulations David.
Feel free to explain your pie-in-the-sky dreams in greater detail.
Not all threats are criminal, i.e. the current leftist approach is to threaten a person's employer with boycotts etc. Not illegal, but completely immoral.
who's on first?
To summarize your perspective, it is wrong to say positive things about liberals - particularly those in power. Thanks for the insight.
With the Trudeau Rapture in full ecstatic mode among the panty-tossing media, it is small wonder that this party of reactionary privilege and unfair advantage for its insiders is not well in the lead in this election-free interlude.
He likely already has several diseases given...
you are insulting Richard Nixon
Thanks for the link to one view out of billions on the web.
You need to work in a mixed system like BC's to understand that it doesn't work and that the abuse by government is in fact far greater.
Women and children first. Helping those who are most vulnerable first isn't discrimination, it's the right way to do things.
The Superbowl is played on Sundays for a reason. God just loves NFL football even though he already knows who is going to win. I think it is the half-time show, which is less predictable.
The Marxists Canada narrative is falling like a house of cards! The only reason we have made it this far is our low population and our vast pillaged resources.
so ED,, as usual a lib troll actually proves me RIGHT, , the libs created this monster,, thanks
Good for you! Many can relate to this I think. Many, many worked hard, made sacrifices as needed and did the sensible thing, saving what they could. Now....let them enjoy it!!
It s a mature comment but if you don t get it, go your room and read your cartoons .
Only one of them sang the altered lyrics. The other tenors have apologized for his behaviour and suspended him from the group.
They don't call it "divorce rape" for nothing! It is far from fair for anyone who identifies as male!
There are no seperate issues.
B3
@legatta: A great social victory? Not in my book. Whether by a rusty coat hanger or a sterile operation room, the outcome intent is still the same - destruction of the living (and at the same time, the convenience of the mother).
Perhaps but for sure they're too busy trying not to be smeared to death by Harper.
your point being?
Absolutely. Been following #NBCfail anyone.
Expect more trade deals like this in the future. Even expect one day we'll have a North American currency!
They are funding themselves from taking control of oil fields and taxing the people they conquer. Recent reports told how they are starting to starve as the people they relied on to feed them have fled and are no longer a source of food and funds.
Did the mother not have immunity or something tutti?
Too bad Yakabuski doesn/t follow his own advice...
Would you really want to, and if so, why? Travel is over-rated, promoted by airlines as an escape when really its red-tape, passports, checkins, checkouts.. yuck.
I can't help but notice that many people opposed to Trump are pretty good haters too, though this fact about themselves sometimes escapes their awareness.
Nothing could justify this.
I think that's horses, or did you want junior to go ride a fish?
Two parties on the left and one on the right. The people on the left switch parties depending on where the money is. Of course they want to change the system, it serves them not us.
Well written Geoffrey... I would ad: the person to whom we should have listened was Bridgette DePape.
Most people are hard-working, including people earning minimum wage. People living exclusively or largely off their capital still consume services like health care, and many others. They should pay their fair share for our defence, our policing, etc.
Why does Isreal attract so much hate... and ignorance ?
He doesn't 'work' in the US. He lives there and has so for thirty years and nonetheless felt qualified to endorse one of the worst Prime Ministers in Canadian history. Maybe you should get to know your facts before calling other people names.
Gadzooks, an Apollo moon landing indeed. Who would have thought it would be so difficult to put some beer in grocery stores, or for that matter, sell more beer at the LCBO?? Entertaining editorial (and rings so true).
Yes you can, you seem to be experiencing it for conservatives.
yet the scientific evidence clearly demonstrates that human activity is responsible for increasing global temperatures.
@PhillyCanuk.Read the New Testament and then let's have your useless opinion.
A job or a public mandate? Where is the auditor general?
So where were all of Harper's immigrant votes in 2015 ?
Exactly--Albertans are the hardest working people in Canada and Alberta is likely the most entrepreneurial province. Every province in Canada is blessed.
Plea bargaining is a cancer in our system. It incentivizes police to 'over-charge'. It benefits the guilty and punishes the innocent. Plea bargaining should be abolished.
Surely, you mean Kosovo.
IT is time the U.S. people stopped allowing themselves to be led into another WMD in SYRIA .
you got it right, that is Ontario's economy in a nutshell
Truer words were never spoken.
Or all you can eat buffets! How backward.
Look to Canada. We just experienced 10 years of Steven Trump. The worst economic performance in our lifetime!
Smoking something?
Although they will disallow provincial employees to wear visible crosses
Whenever you read a post by one of the HarpoCult shills, think about this: www.debtclock.ca
Merely cheap sensationalism !Keeps the media occupied while the real criminals continue to use real guns.
'overpaid pompous university teacher'How much pay for university teacher when we paid $57/hr for autoworkers to put on bolts and allowed Sonics to get out of assembly lines without brake pads?
There is nothing in our institutions that requires a referendum.
'When the U.S. doesn't need Canadian oil?'When US can get passed EPA to allow shale gas development.
I choked on my tea when I read that line about not intervening in Syria.
Who denies that there is a problem ? Not me and I own seven guns. I just don't know te solution short of total confiscation, which is very unlikely.
When people move to where the jobs are, housing shortages loom and housing prices skyrocket. Pay cheques get eaten up paying for housing.
Right, real men scrape razor sharp steel across their faces at least once a day denying their natural appearance. Get over it already. Nobody is objecting to you wasting thousands of hours of your life shaving.
I wouldn't bet money on it, but damn it, I hope you turn out to be right.
He wasn't hiding in the shadows, he was on a well lit streetcar away from the officers. All reports have stated he had a knife.
Dear Freeland! I will suggested to Russian government to support separatism in Quebec. How about that? To have ability make article doesn't mean good professionalism. Very disappointed that Globe and Mail hired columnist from the street.
Spoken like a true Liberal. Pfffft.
Of course 'Quebec seems to be leaning that way'. It's like $7 a day daycare - they're using everybody else's money to fund it.
Morrisey rules and shame on all you animal haters.
suckertrash : Of course the post I am calling out, is sooooo profound. Right.
I think he means, roach. Them hippy liberal dudes all smoke the ganja, man.
Coincidentally, Rob Ford is soon to be getting Iceberged.
'@croc--so you're with Ford, buses and streetcars should be free? How would you have paid for them?'$1.3 billion for buses and streetcars??!! What, are they gold plated??
Likely is. Quite an early good take on the Gaza refugee. But nothing happens to deconstruct the issue. Perceived religious entitlements are stolidly defended without any compassion for others rights.
who were the presidents at that time?
Her opinion on this one comes at you from the same angle as her other positions
Really? That is the worst gaff from Justin that the Globe found? what is happening to journalism these days? not to mention leadership. Pathetic all around.
I could't find the word "cisgendered" in my OCD. But then it is the 7th Edition which came out in the early eighties so that would have been what, the second or third wave of the feminist movement.
Censor much, G&M?
Mac, nothing better than jabbing dippers and liberals.
If the fixed-date election law is actually a law then shouldn't there be some legal consequences for violating it?
Just pick up any Canadian history book, especially by social historians and you will have your fill of citations.
There is a huge structural issue with the Canadian economy; 3 levels of overpaid public sector workers, with AAA pensions and doing nothing to assist in getting our economic house in order.
95% of the discussions about the ads are about their effectiveness. That is ACTUALLY what this article is about. What the writer is saying is the Tory ads have failed.
The barriers to mobility are caused by policies that cater to the 1%, including lowering their taxes while raising them for everyone else.
Harper's been the best PM in many a moon. Electing Trudough will morph the Canadian economy into something that's as badly messed up as that of Wynne's Ontario. Get some sense people.
Shosh, you're using facts. These shrill shills not only don't want a debate based on facts, they can't even comprehend facts. They can't even remember the facts between the time they read the article and then hit their keyboard to comment.
Yakabuski, please, more honesty and accuracy in your reporting. You will lose respect by publishing such disingenuous articles.
Excellent article wit which I wholeheartedly agree - and no, I'm not a member of the one percent.
Canada is not a discriminatory country like France or Belgium. People like you are a bigger threat to our security than a few thousand refugees who are far more likely to be grateful than vengeful.
Dead man walking!
Martin is a pompus asp who deserves to have his sorry butt kicked to the curb.
The party that brought the CBC into being has gone anti-Canadian, selling out to corporate America while wrapping itself in the Canadian flag. Friends of Canadian Broadcasting couldn't get the cowering Cons to an interview to explain themselves.
Perhaps, what does 'assault' mean?
and when pigs fly...................
That will become a very pertinent question during the next mayoral campaign.
Cedrowa, Interesting that you would insult the PM of Canada - but take great offence if anyone questions the leaders of Ukraine. Priorities? Not Canada, obviously.
Yeah... umpteenth article that confuses university with job training. Next!
All people can succeed, but not necessary in the same way. How many people would feel successful if they simple had peace of mind with what they have?
use churchill manitoba
Dan - Fair enough.
Instructions for response: Use any or all of, 1. Insult the commenter. (juvenile tone works well) 2. Deploy the logical fallacy, (ie 'You hate dogs therefore you must be a cat lover') 3. Invoke Ontario. Scores on 1) and 2) Well done!
Mr. Simpson has just joined the 'enemies list'.
Llewellen Everything. Citizens of their own country that paid taxes cannot get benefits they pais for until they use up their own money. So why should foreigners not be subject to the same approach?
Yup. That looks exactly like the post that would come from an educated audience, as opposed to an anti-scientific ranter.
'no scientific evidence'. You have to be kidding. This is the science of the BSers down at timmy's.
Barbara Bush.
Indeed. How can one compare a slaughter which is happening now in Canada with one which apparently happened seventy years ago? He needs a much more powerful metaphor.
If you stripped out the lawyers what would the result be?
It's refreshing to read an article about aboriginals based on rational truth. Well done Jeff.
@Judith MI do not believe that Cambridge Bay is a 'reserve'. It is just a small town on the shores of Victoria Island.
Likely easier to name the ones who haven't been SH-smeared, yet.
I wonder if York or the Student Federation would tolerate let alone allow a mural depicting violence against women. Not a chance.
"Arguably".....she didn't say or imply it was fact. It is very clearly her view (which most rational people agree with). Why do even the simple things need to be made even more simple for some?
I strongly recommend that everyone read Dambisa's book, 'Winner Take All: ...'.It'll throw some light on CNOO's takeover of Nexen, as well.
Man, it's so funny that you cons think it's offensive when someone disagrees with you. Like, being able to call mexicans rapists, that's just free speech. But if I call that person a racist, I'm being some kind of PC thought police. It's so weird.
Whatever the reasons, they are still dumb. Don't want to show your face?don't become a citizen.
Heavy oil is not bitumen.
Rifleman: and I think you missed out the words, "completely unrelated" there as well.
And, of course, we can expect an honest reply to that question.
And then the poll tax 'dumped' the party.
And when there are no funds? Poverty and death.
Canada has no balls when it comes to collecting on taxes. This is why despite all its problem the USA is still world power #1. They collect taxes based on citizenship not residence and they don't mess around.
Don't forget the atheists and the gays.
It was certainly a dark day for the the SJW industry of which the author belongs to.
Oh My God THANK YOU for this injection of sanity into an insane parody of an election.
But then Brad Wall is pledging to keep on opening the Saskatchewan Legislature with a prayer so at least some of the usual suspects are performing as expected.
'Get thrown out of the country' - you mean they just don't get their spousal visas renewed. That's all spouses on spouses visas. The Muslim women get special free classes in convenient conditions.
I am not even sure why they publish such scaringly stupid rubbish. Drive traffic probably.
Konrad will have to remember this when it comes time to discuss his annual evaluation and salary increase. I'm sure he'll be happy to take less to ensure the continuation of the G&M.
Well if a Black President can't get justice for the Blacks then there is No Hope.
Strange - I actually think that Ford is a textbook Trannian: rude, boorish, uneducated but with a massive ego and superiority complex. And better looking than the average Trannian to boot. Ahh, the gift that keeps on giving....
Trying? Parliament sat for barely a week after the election and nothing has gone past the election promises stage, let alone any legislation being introduced.
What a superficial, feel-good bit of tripe. The differences are far more raw and serious. Try writing this again.
Tony Keller is acting like such a sore loser.
I just read the Charter and it is very vague -- it just states that we have a right to vote. However, its vagueness gives it rigidity. If vagueness allows deviation from the status quo, then where does it stop?
Meant to say "leave in droves"
And her hands are all over the middle east mess.
Maritimes better make sure they bet on the right horse - or shiny pony as the case may be.
Its a Christmas Miracle I finally agree with Wente
The fact that the G&M published this stupid article helps to explain why, when writing about the current party leaders, said newspaper manages to favor in many little ways he with curly hair over he with shapely beard.
How can we reasonably expect to accommodate people who view our humanistic laws as circumventable, while they congregate in their mosque, synagogue, church or temple to reaffirm how perfect and inalterable their god-given laws are?
Congrats Mr. Simpson... hopefully we'll hear from you once in a while.
Mackay never had any core values. Next thing you'll see is him rebranding as a Liberal in order to retain his Central Nova seat. He'd be a perfect fit.
Just leave and go on with your life dude, wtf
Good article that summarizes the facts nicely.
GITP: 'Where did that money come from' The employee and the employer - just like private employees. Or do you think public sector workers should get lower pensions than those in the private sector. You are obviously a misguided ideologue . . .
Votes man, it's all about the votes!
It was 'First Nations',a joke in itself, who gave the LPC their culture of entitlement. Not often I agree with Simpson, who will probably become persona non grata on the Toronto CBC/LPC/NDP social circle.
All of Earth's volcanic activity, on land and under the oceans, emits less than 1% of the CO2 that humans do.http://volcanoes.usgs.gov/hazards/gas/climate.php
No vaccine for Yellow Fever - bulloney! http://www.who.int/mediacentre/news/releases/2007/pr23/en/
well stated comment
very true. Most judges seem to take contempt of court more seriously than murder. Do what you want outside their court, but you had better listen inside their court!!
Yes, there is darkness wherever you look, sad to say.
Excellent a lot of fresh new ideas from these two I bet hey!
Harper has taken pork barrelling to new heights. Pork, soaked on steroids. All of it OUR money, but made to look like it's a CPC MP's 'gift'.This will only ramp up, as Harper tries to repair his deservedly bad reputation.
I'll let you know once I actually read a reasonable criticism instead of exagerated and hyperbolic nonsense.
Great Posts Here - Terrible Globe Editorial - Again
no point letting facts get in the way of a click bait piece
yet in reality, this doesn't happen... certain religions... well, at least one, is protected from ridicule, while ridiculing others and promoting its agenda.
I guess you write a comment with this article.
if we send troops , there will be a war involving civilians being killed. If we don't send troops, same result. Humanitarian aid, not military aid, would be a better use of resources. That's what JT says. He is right.
You mean 'Go Justin ... Go Away.'
So Randy, if it's not 101% effective, it no good at all?
GM, where is Paul Martin's name as he is the Liberal that ordered the Battle group from Kabul to Kandahar? Inconvenient?
Yes, very sad .
I imagine orwin is most pleased to have you explain what he really meant or said.
Can't believe this got 12 thumbs up, what a cheap smear. Let's talk about electoral reform not the mysteries of JT's 'beliefs'.
France continued to bomb Syria! France and all the western nations which attacked Arabs starting with Palestine are terrorists. 'Terrorism NOUN the use of violence and intimidation in the pursuit of political aims.'
HA !!Good one.
Stan - Not so sure that you can verify your claim. How much Bible study have you conducted so as to be such an expert or are you simply defaulting to your anti-religious bias?
Paul45, can you point to any specific passage in the New Testament (ya know, that part of the Bible that differentiates Christianity from Judaism) that condones such behavior? No? I didn't think so.
Nail on the head...
Looks like the G&M has drunk the Kool Aid. I hope that Simpson, Doyle, and a few other of its worthy writers can find a lifeboat!
welldoneson - I'd say you made up a number of your facts to support your case. I'm not calling you a lier but have you considered applying for work with the Conservative caucus?
It had nothing to do with the GM shares. They were sold this year.
Crack cocaine makes people very greedy and selfish, seems to be just the recipe for conservative.
Harper had the report and did nothing, Now we need to catch up and @carolyn_bennett is making a hell of a good start. @theagenda
try to expand your vocabulary
Why--so we can discuss new revenue tools. No Thanks. Call an election.
Silly fellow. Judge and be prepared to be judged. As for your cross dressing wearing chicks shoes; get some counseling.
Christian Fundamentalism is far more worrisome to me than any Muslims.
Agreed and after all this foaming at the mouth from the right, Atlantic Canada could well still get a set on the bench. It was never guaranteed one anyway, despite all the flat-out claims to the reverse here
Everyone dies, huh? Brilliant observation and argument.
and here are the questions...
You seem to be on the wrong side of the 97% consensus!
Give it a rest. Take a look at how things are going in Ontario and focus on that for a while.
When the comment is longer than the article, it's not a comment. It's another article.
Right on! You elected the jovial weather man from TV.Elections are about more than popularity contests.
I think that youre wrong about that
Harper was in power the last ten years. Are you calling him a socialist?
In-depth analysis? Thier information is provided to them by a civil service that is rampant with left wing socialist thinking. Like that is unbiased.
With this change will the NDP be renaming itself again to the NNDP
Not sure about this prediction.
It was Catholics vs Protestants. How peripheral is that?
because you say so?can you make a case for this allegation?
We give away that oversight when we elect governments whose main pitch is to serve public sector employees, for example Dalton McGuinty in Ontario, whose brain trust has now migrated to Ottawa in support of a doey-eyed political heir.
I'm really looking forward to the verdict on the Yatim murder.
A message from a Conservative, Nigel Wright must resign and be gone for good, this is not acceptable behavior for anyone at his level period!
not in the least, just contempt for good old fashioned entitlement cabals middle-fingering the rule of law.
Are we better now than we were 20 years ago? Or does it just seem that way when we compare ourselves to the rest of the world? I think it is the latter.
And yet many of the twentieth century's foundational physicists like Einstein, Planck, Schoedinger, Pauli were quite open to 'spiritual' ideas.
Jason Kenney will destroy the PC party of Alberta. Just look at the disaster left in his Ottawa wake.
83% in Canada and 92% in Quebec support the ban. You simply don't like the fact that the overwhelming majority of Canadians don't agree with you.
It's Dawkins own words that paint him as smug, racist, and hateful.
First stop for Russia is the land of the gullible baffled and befuddled Canadians who could t care less about their own country. Why would Russia risk a confrontation with the US when they can exploit the accomodating and wimpy Canadians
How can we Canadians be cursed with so many amateur politicians ? Ill informed, short sighted, education challenged individuals need to be flagged as a menace to a healthy society.
Lysinae Xenophobic Gagnon feeds her garbage to rednecks and hopes they will buy more hard copy of G&M.
Absolutely RIGHT!!!
How true. But remember that most people hate the truth.
Well said. Thank you.
A better example of a pathetic electorate whining for hand-outs would be Ontario, replacing McLiar with McLiar cabinet hack Wynne even after these two sorry sacks of excrement cost us 1.5 billion in cancelled NG plants.
"All white men, all the time?" Who said anything like that?
Gee, we only have about a century's-worth of research and on-the-ground evidence--go Google something credible.
You meant say whiner. Right? Or was it wiener.
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power. Abraham LincolnSubstitute 'money' for power and you have the 'Alberta Advantage'.
Typical. No rebuttal. No facts. Just that tired old 'mom's basement' routine that gets done to death here. Easier than thinking up a rational, or even just articulate response. I expressed no opinions. Just facts. Which ones don't you like?
ms gagnon explains this nuance in her piece
'How could such a smart guy be so stupid?'======Steeped in a sense of impunity.
Apparently Ivanka in a very disturbing way.
Isn't this about PREVENTING war? Or are you talking about a completely different deployment?
So far, Israel has won every non-nuclear war it has been involved in.
Perhaps next time you post something you could include some facts, not just the imaginings of your fevered belief system.
Thank you, sir You seemed to have described me quite well.
Well, some people are in a position where they are not able to take pills or give themselves a needle.
You sound confused. Withering attack? Harper is trying to self destruct, wide open, half Israeli! Politics is not your game------
...and you're racist conservative.
On the other hand, BLM doesn't tolerate anyone interrupting its own rallies. They would go berserk.
It costs more to not provide quality care: greater risks of welfare use, more prone to being involved in the criminal justice system, more unemployment, less likely to buy a home, pay taxes.....
He, a 15 year old, was attacked by American soldiers and is alleged to have fought back. Not even a child soldier, just a victim of an unprovoked attack.
The same people who think harper is an economist are the same ones who think o'leary is a good businessman. Mattel could't get rid of o'leary fast enough and he cost them billions.
berubeYou made a choice, don't come to cry to us at a later day for YOUR choice. Nobody forced you to do anything, you did it, it was your doing and off you go.That's the point..
I wonder if she includes the sheriff's deputies who went in gun blazing to kill this guy in 'the moderate men who stand silent'?
Do reporters covering the Cons events have to sign a gag order as well? What if they said no? Does the media coverage have to be vetted? Do 'friendly to the Cons message' media persons only get to attend.
Are you proud that the British Empire forced the Chinese to buy opium-at gunpoint (opium war 1857-1860) or perhaps that Queen Victoria allowed a million+ people to die of starvation in Ireland?
...and the 'worse things by better people' were probably correct!
The larcenous crowd at Queen's Park has virtually ignored Don's World.
Why do the ordinary Canadians have to wait, while Privileged Parliamentarians get their pension at 55? Now thanks to Harper if we will have tow hang on til we are 67. I hope this will be changed back to 65 when Harper is ousted.
True, global political actors, their motivations and interactions are as convoluted and difficult to understand as a Shakespearean drama (without the benefits of explanatory monologs).Following the money trail can sometimes offer clues though.
So, with reference to this article, your point would be?Hugely, hugely ironic post.
From the looks of it, Pete1410's already had a few.
AL but a handful are giving non military assistance.
It was a Pride parade in Toronto, not in the US South. BLM stopped a Pride parade and was protesting because the Pride parade was a threat to the safety of lgptq people? How exactly does that work?
Cuba made out much better than Venezuela did. Venezuela is the poster boy for the resource curse.
Exactly... but if you are a dinosaur, extracting, earth re arranging, and mega projects are good. Rethinking anything at all.. just isn't on.
... douses April Showers with some gorgeous west coast February sunshine and flowers :)
He was granted citizenship without passing the tests that are given to adults.
Vaccines are not administered "directly into the bloodstream". They are administered typically through intramuscular routes, though there exist intranasal "mist" and oral forms as well.
We certainly got one that ~couldn't care less~
Wouldn't it make more sense for the teachers to raise hell and try to blame the BC Liberals. Your assertion makes no sense. Labour peace can only help the BC Liberals.
And yet here you are.
an excellent city, when I was in Europe young people mentioned it as the first thing they knew about Canada after snow -- Montreal summer festivals
Boogeyman: Tell me how he respected the taxpayer with the contract he allowed to be negotation with Toronto Police Officers. The police budget is the largest items for the City of Toronto and he approved above inflation increases.
You thought it was excellent because Ms. Wente just confirmed your own pre-conceived beliefs.
Bo16: Quebeckers are the most multilingual in North America. They have nothing to learn from you.
Just because Canada is not legalizing sex work doesn't mean we are not condemning attacks on sex workers. Stop the obfuscation!
I don't know how old you all are, but thirty years ago we had political columnists like George Bain, Doug Fisher, Charles Lynch, Don McGillvray and Peter Newman. Are there any today up to that standard? I dunno.
Actually, for many immigrants, swearing allegiance to a Queen is a bit confusing no matter the history.
Stephen Harper, POS. As are those who continually supported his election. Like the political editors at the G&M.
A sad read.
When you say 'social infrastructure' what do you mean.
Sadly Wynne's blind pursuit of her legacy, a world of rainbows, lollipops and green energy is economically unsustainable.
Know what? This is a pretty lame idea for an article. You'd expect more from a university prof.
JWhatever, Loyd Axworthy isn't really a lightweight. He isn't a real person at all. He's a walking talking monument to Liberal Middle Class Canadian Hypocrisy.
Oh, I'd say they are equally important...
Shame? Harper and his minions don't even understand the concept.
As someone said, the politicians know exactly what needs to be done to solve the debt and deficit problem. What they don't know is how to get re-elected after they've done it.
If that citizen hates Canada and its values he should be deported back to where he was born.
Paying off your debts isn't poison. Spending other people's money wildly, certainly is.
Bingo, OntariOWEans not employed by the government will be begging for bread by the time the Liberals have finished raping them.
We don't want to disadvantage any one country's competitiveness so that's why international agreements are necessary. There are in fact several technologies currently available to bring carbon use to nearly zero including wind, solar and nuclear.
By Wynne and her corrupt regime.
JP You did not answer the question .
That's five comments about car washing, Boog. Run a car wash or something?
Riiigghhhtt. All part of Obama's genius Master Plan. Looks like Obama's outcome will include chemical weapons either in the hands of jihadists or a despot who has already used them on civilians. Sheer genius on his part.
Sounds like globalism to me .......' Tear down the nation states .... we are all the same species .... There is no difference between us.' ..... such poppycock .....
in the West the will to win is restrained by political correctness and human rights commissions
Natives practiced polygamy - go for it .-)
And Donald Trump wants America to scale back it's involvement in NATO. I'd say that's exactly what the militants want. Epic stupid, inheritance dolt.
Ya, cause people are rushing out to buy Indigenous literature in Canada.
Can you imagine a multi-billion dollar corporation hiring a CEO with his main experience as a drama teacher just because he seemed like a nice guy?
Moronic comment, Jimmie.
'Personally, I feel that picking through human feces at a sewage treatment plant is degrading and unseemly, but I would never suggest that it should be outlawed. 'Perfect!
Don't kid youreself Tony (Sweeney) - you have NO say in CEO pay. I own at least 30 individual stocks plus MFs and ETF's.....not once have I had an input on pay at the AGM.
This editorial is more of a plea to the Cons to find yet another way to fool the people, because The Globe's endorsement goes without saying.
Nothing there of any consequence. Too bad for the right-wing tinfoil hat brigade.
Does the article not say forced marriages? Is there not a difference?
Eat, drink, dance and be merry for tomorrow we die.
If Verizon enters the market and weakens BCE's profits, then they might switch to supporting the Liberals.
In this case, it was 'moo.'
Robert - 'Revolutions have started over less.'In Canada? Are you serious?
What about the Conservative Party's libertarian wing that really goes in for stuff like this? I'll bet this will peel a few votes from the Conservatives too.
Certainly not Wente, who only speaks for the Cons and their misogynist Bible-thumping puppet-masters.
Assad is a dictator.
I guess you would rather have Enbridge call the shots! Typical con.
Wow... exactly! Thanks for this post.
@ InvestorStew - somewhere in the neighbourhood of $4 million. ~73 tank cars x ~700 bbls/car x ~$90/bbl
Has everyone forgotten about Juneuary from a couple years back already? Impending ice age? Climate change is a given but lets not get hysterical about a hot dry stretch that isn't even a record-breaker.
So now it is being built by a totalitarian state of the 21st Century. I hope my Jewish friends are paying attention as they cozy up to Harper
She will win. And the MSM still doesn't really understand why?
You make me ashamed DustyPixie. I hope that your not a Canadian.
As a Dr., I'm sure you've already researched this, but just in case... http://en.metapedia.org/wiki/Cultural_Marxism
The chequebook is empty now, thanks to gross mismanagement by PC's
Globe editorial board preparing the way to recommend Harper. Well, why not. They have a bigger ad budget.
After it was proof read by Sarah Palin.
A critical review of The Big Fat Surprise ... thescienceofnutrition. wordpress.com/2014/08/10/the-big-fat-surprise-a-critical-review-part-1/ ...Really Margaret, you could have searched this out yourself.
Anyone found the lin for the style guide of the Globe and Mail? What I found is only a search engine to the guide, instead of a table of contents or actual file. Thanks for sharing the link if you have it.
man this is a stretch, the G&M must be feeling desperate. How about an article about Clinton and her wilkileaks problem. Let's get a little balance.
I'd be surprised if Obama, during his tenure in office, has given Canada and Stephen Harper more than 15 minutes of thought.
Exactly! Wish I'd said it.
'The President chose to sacrifice us on the altar of his political self-interest. Which happens.'================Wow. Bob Rae... from his humble beginnings as Ontario NDP leader, to right-wing anti-progressive pundit.
There's a good idea! Instead of making the Senate dependent on the PMO let's make it dependent on the provincial premiers. No possible corruption there.
Please share whatever medications you are on....they must be fantastic.
Would you have said the same thing if the National Holocaust Memorial were placed there? Because that it where it was originally going to be put up.
Cheerleaders do not make good strategists.
ah yes - don't want to upset those Oakville folks
He was elected, which means he has a mandate to do what he campaigned on. You lost. Get over it. And by the way, how many years of relentless bombing on the middle east and this has accomplished what, exactly?
That would hurt the idiots.
"positive changes" = "more cheques"
areu.... Least qualified, what did Harp have for qualifications? Mail sorter? Daddy's puppet? Untrustworthy? We would be in a Banana republic if Harp would have gotten back in. B T W A majority does not constitute 28% of the voters.
Quebec Seditionists are attempting to do just that... and your on side with this?
Women do like the bad boys, don't they.'I could shoot somebody and I wouldn?t lose any voters.' Donald Trump'I could rape somebody and I wouldn?t lose any voters' would also seem to apply.
Joanne... since you are a believer, what on earth are you doing using a computer? Turn it off and save the planet!
APK, Your hatred of Jews has evolved over time in its manifestations and disguises and one can see all three forms in abundance here. Read some history and maybe you'll understand a thing or two about reality. Your antisemitism is disgusting.
You are obviously on an LSD trip - dreaming in 3D, technicolour and stereo sound ....
Are you posting from Russia? Your grammar and sentence structure suck.
so much for the pundits who attempted to scare people away from donald, the usa is in for a fantastic ride of growth in jobs
He's not Canadian. He's a Canadian of convenience.
I'll take the high road... you take the low road.
Factual define regular folks.
Wow - slow day in the PMO war room..
That's what they do - when people don't agree with them they label them. Name calling always reveals a lazy mind unwilling or unable to form a cohesive argument.
Yes, the latest poll has him crashing down to 55% approval. And his opponents...?
Trudeau doesn't know much
alpha 1...'tis ok....better go back to sticking your head in the sand
Funny......they got rid of dairy supply management in the UK and Australia .....and milk rose by 27 cents a litre.
Justin and Chris Farley in the same van. That's a funny way to start the day thanks .
'President Buckwheat', eh, ForsterBarry? And to think some people commented on the number of racists among Trump supporters.
General refrain heard thousands of times on Friday morning......' I just wanted to register a protest' .......'Ijust wanted them to listen a bit'.....' Can I change my vote?
They have. And they're backing the military campaign to eliminate the Ukrainians opposed to what's happened to their country since the Us-sponsored coup. Sadly, so are we. Enlisted yet?
So JP, you're saying that the idea is to pick and choose things you like or don't like?
Well you can sure see the report is a bunch of propaganda drivel from a conservative think tank. If you compare the middle class to the poverty class well yeah, the wages are higher.
While not a courtroom, there is ample evidence from her riding she , and others knew..
Yet you continue to attempt it five times now? Absurdity reveals itself!
The data you need, art, is the pension contractthat you signed. That made very clear the cost to you and the benefits to you. You got what you agreed to and paid for. Stop whining and fine a real issue to deal with.
Trump is just a symbol for them to express their frustration. The facts are irrelevant when it comes to him, as we can obviously see (he is a loon).
I believe these men owned their own computers and were on their own private Facebook site.
One thought comes to mind when Brian's name comes up.....KarlHeinz Schreiber....
Cats make the best pets and a lot of people care about them. That is why killing them for their fur is unacceptable.
What is 'moronisn'?Is that anything like illiteracy?
And you proof of crooked environmental charities or is that another 'reach".
I fully agree. Even 50 years ago, anyone who cared to reflect on demographics and human nature could see that this outcome was inevitable.
apparently being the duly elected Prime Minister of G7 country isn't eneugh?
How does one even start to deal with over 600 chiefs most of whom seem intent on preserving and extending their own wealth and privileges than attending to the needs of their desperate people?
Harper has a party Justin has GROUPIES
The kind that see no problem with lying in court, apparently.
No we cant... not even close.
Restored our sense of pride in being Canadians. No small achievement.
Thank for the compliment. It's not often you get flattering recognition coming from a member of Ford Nation.
What's wrong with one day per month? Last I checked, there were none in November.
If that were true, no one would care. Unfortunately, the children of idiots and the other immuno-compromised people are innocent victims.
There were lots of columnists who did not heap praise on Stephen Harper. Of course, we can all name several sycophants who did, though.
Your argument lacks proportion.
No. This is a storm in a teacup. The CBC was too slow to react to Ghomeshi, now they have gone too far the other way. Besides all media outlets have celebrities.
So just who is the devil? Let's say you are a martian and have to make that judgement....the USA has killed millions since WWII, Iran hasn't....Is Iran good, no, but either is the USA......so martian tell me who would be deemed worse?
The (very common) term "Christian right" is used in order NOT to generalize or imply that all Christians are in any one category. It is specifically referring to Christian right-wingers, not all Christians.
this is a Canadian news outlet!!!
So, the solution to preserving our advanced civilization is to mass murder millions of innocent people? And then to incarcerate Canadians who disagree with you? Time for your weekly psychiatric appointment, mikey.
Wrong! There is no argument about Bach's superiority and there is no argument about Thor and his mighty hammer. May Odin strike you for your blasphemy.(yes, I'm being facetious... well, except for the Bach part, greatest genius in human history)
You might be able to argue that western "meddling" in the ME exacerbated problems that have existed for centuries, but the west didn't create the Mideast conflicts. They have been there throughout recorded history
Man are you full of it.I voted CONS twice & I agree with the article. It's sad that you are a traitorous CONS, ISSIS loving partisan who apparently would love to see our country torn apart. How does that inane comment suit you ???
Amateurs and never-taught, increasing numbers of educational consultants, axegrinder politicians and managers, need to stop presuming to tell the teaching profession what to do.
English ranks far ahead globally-doubt Mandarin will ever catch up--too many other Chinese dialects and for South America Portuguese is the language to learn.
It depends on your location, ad whether you already own a home or have to rent.
lol Exactly!
Hawaiians hate whites, have you ever been to Hawaii the natives will literally shit in your face and spit in your food- nobody batts an eye. The open racism towards white people is on another level. Just dont talk back to the natives and youll be fine; otherwise, youll leave the island with two black eyes and no one will care not even the cops.
Translation & summary of editorial: ''The &$%#^@* got away with it for now, but we'll nail them later.''
Why don't you try it and find out, Blunder? wills37
Move. You are a writer, you don't have to be in Vancouver. Open your mind to the possibilities.
oh my goodness, more cliches; Vickido, everyone in QC is quite (quite) aware that English is omnipresent; all French business, technical and MBA schools key on that; next!
It registers because Ford has admitted to falling off the wagon of sobriety.
As opposed to your bias toward the Tories and hatred toward the opposition. You appear to equate criticism with hatred so the comparison is just.
Ridiculous.
All politics, no government. The con hack loser party way. Tubby: not a leader. Not worth the risk.
Chuck, a little off on the age thing assuming our day remains the same length and you measure age in days. By your reasoning with a longer year we wouldn't get old as fast, but it would be offset by a reduced life expectency (in new orbit years).
Thank you, Gizella. Enjoy the day.
Because even dumber voters line up .....
Very well said Les.
Turnbull is incompetent!
Why not? I would vote for a chimpanzee before I would vote for harper and I am not alone
Malumba..... Air Power Austrila is a horrible site for comparison as they are very anti F-35, which is why there is no name on that article you posted,
So true! They are also quite good at looking after themselves at the expense to hard working and overly taxed Canadians.
I gather you haven't noticed the many Cubans fleeing this island paradise for the capitalist empire? And once they get there, not many (or rather, none) of them elect to go back.
As the Brit actor, Miriam Margoleys told a Lincoln Centre audience after her visit to the sites toured by Charles Dickens in his 1842 visit: 'Religion has you people by the balls.'
Canada isn?t doing well right now because it?s Albertans who control our community and socio-democratic agenda.? Canada would be better served if there were more Quebecers than Albertans in charge. You mean stuff like that?
There is nothing wrong with speaking fees. They all do it. If you want George Bush to speak at your convention just talk to his agent. He has made 15 - 20 million in speaking fees and good for him. Good for Hilary too.
Correction - an unethical government. If only they were simply incompetent, because that can be fixed.
They are making more noise than a couple of skeletons throwing a fit on a tin roof.
Thanks
Defending an orwellian law with orwellian double speak. how does this guy sleep at night?
The real Canadians are t the natives. All others are immigrants or children of immigrants, Including Kellie Leitch. So she should stop this hypocrisy and should just say that should we allow non-white, non-Christian immigrants into Canada.
'Great article'??! Do not believe everything you read. Please do further research on the topic.
In any event, as the Supreme Court has accepted the right to choose to end one's life, assisted by others, you don't understand the nature of the Court's ruling.
Did you vote with the same handle ? Go on, be proud, step up and stop hiding behind an alias as I'd like to know who to send the reminders to if and when John begins his deficit.
Why would the Globe even publish this poop, coming from someone who is so well known to be an idiot?
Thank-You Margaret.
Justin - nice looking but unfortunately somewhat vacant on substantive issues - like intelligent, rational thought. Canada is a wealthy, successful nation - we can't afford a dimwit like Justin as Prime Minister.
I smoke pot but not the very potent stuff. Too potent makes me paranoid. So BC should develop a reputation for potency; that brings recognition. But we should also offer Bud Light for those who like a calm stone.
but MAJORITY government
The Four Horsemen: WarPestilenceFamineDeathThat's just about sums it up.
Cap and trade is subject to manipulation and fraud. It's a license to cheat.
Manning wants Dean del Mastro 'recharged'? He's already been charged, Preston.
Twist that a little, and you've got Denial.
I just don't like the idea of putting the onus on the citizen. I am sure procedures could be written to mitigate the risk to the officer and the citizen.
yes you are right. time to play hardball.
Engage in hyperbole much?
Here's a stat: Since the last 9 years of the Harper gov't, they have only lost one seat in a by-election. Trudeau's polling isn't translating into seat momentum.
If that were my only thought on a new fighter - I could see your point - however - the other two planes can do the job as well
It reasonable to suspect the oh so tight bond between Ms. Wynne and JT played a role in this decision. Had it be a few hundred jobs being sacrificed in Alberta the Saudi's might be shopping elsewhere.
Free of charge? You are kidding, G&M probably charges for it!
I think your tin-foil hat is screwed on too tight.
Yeah it takes a full cupboard to emulate Trump.
Do you really expect Trudeau ro rescue Harper when the conservatives are floundering in scandal. Policy will come later and closer to election time.
Looks like the socialist government is doing what they do best.. take money from the citizens.. tax upon tax.. upon tax...
'Anyone predicting the result of the next federal election is just making a lucky guess. The truth is we don?t know anything except anyone can win'. The above comments may be the best statements Bob Rae ever made.
And yours are...?
' Equity ' ?Merely the equality industry at work. Next ...
Then the rich in Canada shouldn't mind going to more convenient private clinics and private hospitals in Canada where they can pay for profit for medical care.
Mango, did you sear in to be part of Canadian society?
Lift the blackouts on public sector bargaining and the public will know what's true and what isn't.
Or you can provide people with any number of references re Gender Dysphoria or the physical differences between male and female brains and that doesn't mean that they'll read them.
read some history
Nope, rules have stayed exactly the same from those heady Chr?tien days. See below response to your request for some examples.
... and G&M not afraid to let them comment
the West might be more welcoming if these migrants came with no extreme RELIGIOUS BAGGAGE to secular Europe
Then your imagination is lacking . imagine them within living memory of many. ?1936 to 1945 or longer in some cases yes Ww II ONLY COST ABOUT 25 million lives, plus millions more ruined
I'll take the Supremes over the Harper endorsing Editorial Board any day of the week
My friend - the prisons in the U.S. are filled with black people far in excess of their population ratio. They are there because they are criminals. Duly caught, tried, and convicted. They are criminals.
Yes, we know you Trump fans are looking forward with unmatched excitement to his conquest of the world.
How about this? You can choose whether you want to stay employed or not!
yea....and Ask Patrick Brazeau if Trudeau leads with his chin... what an insult...
Black money flows from it into his party and probably his personal bank account.
Rumours abound that Joe_M (Bill) is going to replace Hudak soon and lead the Tories to victory over the PS unions. Has anyone else heard this?
They don't, but since women don't do, what else but supervise?
Another simpleton, I guess critical thinking isn't one of your strong points.
'Mulphoney'? I used to think only conservatives came up with things like 'Lie-beral' but I guess all points of the political compass are equally immature.
@ Hosed: Yes, Harper did take the same amount of money out of EI as Chretien.
You might want to point out that Hal Lewis is an expert on superconducting and solid-state physics. This makes his opinion as expert as a proctologist's opinion on a cough.
Right bang on, thank you.
You are quite right. There isn't any point saying this to people who don't want to hear it, but it must be said. Thanks.
thank you both for the enlightenment.
My guess is that Harper is more like Nixon than we realize - I bet that all PMO offices were bugged (audio and video) as well as all email and computer files regularly scanned and reported on. Harper is sick enough to set this up.
... the voters spoke and they obviously trust the Liberals more to fix the problems ... actually life is not bad at all in B.C. ... and I'm not a rich Kid, it's pretty good here .....
WANTED: A MILITARY DICTATORSHIP FOR UKRAINE ?
' They?re proud, strong and unsinkable. They?re incredible. Believe me.'Um, that is what these lovely Canadians are saying. And a valentine just lets someone know that you like or love them and are thinking about them, Mr. Buzzkill.
Something like the 'Working Families' smokescreen for the techers unions using a fake cover to spread their anti-Tory propaganda on behalf of the Libs in the last three Ontario election campaigns> You mean like that?
Sex? are we discussing Ford or Bill Clinton? of a few other American and Italian politiciansCanada is too cold for sex scandals
2016 seems bad... but it sure as hell ain't 1968. And if you want to see violence, I suggest you watch the great Ken Burns series on The West (1996) on Netflix. So much slaughter that it's sickening.
Damn good bud!!
August 1, 1981That was the beginning of the end as MTV went live.
Nice deflection. Release those speeches to Goldman Sachs now.
The usual 'it's all the governments fault I can't get a job with my Liberal Arts degree'
YEESH & it's always the same smearing drivel from ZARNY. What would we do without such an informed comment
Oh Great Malumba there were no rules legally perhaps but Duffy lived in Ottawa and made expense claims as if he lived in PEI so he broke the rule of logic common sense conscience and the natural moral law that distinguishes Man from Animal
You do realize that, in the interest of religious accommodation, Muslim students are not required to be in music classes or study visual art and that is all okay with school boards across Canada.
That's right, no one smokes pot in the 905.
We should rid Canada of elections which are basically a referendum of the current government since people are so easily swayed by empty rhetoric, hence we end up with leaders like Trudeau.
Separation of Church and State this quebec charter banning religious symbos applies only to cival servants message - state employees do not bring your Church to the state workplace separation of church and state
'criminal'?Someone needs a dictionary.
The Canadian flag is not based on the Liberal Party colours. Red and white were adopted by parliament as the official colours of Canada during the 1920's. A little more fact checking at the Globe is in order.
Try living outside the country for a couple of decades and see if you care anymore.
Trudeau - a boxer? That's funny.
Jail time can make people change. Sometimes...
It was always a myth.
Reconciliation will be a long time coming unless you begin to increase your understanding. Do you really want to continue the economic impact of not reconciling?
See my earlier post - she is not a good columnist, either.
More display of your bigot world. When one has nothing positive to say he should shut up. A rule you seem to ignore because of your attitude based on ridicule or redneck behaviour.
Point well made and taken!
Now, what was not acceptable on Charter of values last week seems to please Kenney in Ottawa this week. Amazing turn of events eh! ROC is falling behind as usual.
So you no doubt opposed the Unfair Elections Act?
@.di-mondz: Define 'your people'? How could you possibly know Meatball's ancestry and why have you posted such nonsense? I can see no logical goal to it.
Tired old excuse--India has real democracy--changes governments. The Chinese communist party is afraid of the people and its sins and will have to pay for them one day.
No, the real issue is why all people have to pay for one religion's education program. This is overtly discriminatory and must end.
Richard Roskell - You need to grow up.
I just Spocked your picture in the Globe and Mail, babe.
When you listen to the video of the incident there are many many consecutive rounds fired with the same time period. Either he had a steady practiced finger or had the weapon converted to fire automatic.
But it's not liberalism.
Here we have in BC, millions spent on Transit police every year just for fare evasion.
Among other well connected Liberals
sorry should read 43000. 00
More false 'facts' from joe. No wonder nobody returns your calls any more!
Trying to sound smart?
Your arrogance is equal to your ignorance. Weight/health/ etc. is a very complex issue.
Please examine Nelson math texts very carefully.
I think well-intentioned people should stop muddying the waters of aboriginal poverty and social problems with the issue of violent crime against aboriginal women.
I miss the 70s...
Of course it will. Competition is healthy and acts as a restraint on waste nad incompetence
There is nothing stopping you from writing a cheque for the actual cost of your health care the next time you land in the hospital.
Same could be said about anything on the internet is general. The medium is the message, right ?
Almost wants one to not save for RRSP and just collect CCP, OAS and GIS. Without a penny in RRSP's you will still get $18,000/yr max before taxed and you will only be taxed on the CPP. Am i correct?
Have you read the EU trade pact? Or the one with China? Have you read anything outside of what the Lyin' King has told you?
How do we know he is 16 and not, say 23?
You forgot to mention that poll is fictional
Barack, Michelle, Bill, Chelsea, Monica, are all scurrying around the country as Hillary surrogates at many campaign stops .... in a last futile attempt to rescue the Hillary candidacy because the Dems are in full panic mode now .... soooo obvious
It isn't Trump bashing when the reporting is base on facts and evidence. Facts and evidence that often come gushing forth from Trump's own mouth.
Commie, he is not. Right wing nutcase, he is.
Give the Stephen Harper government more time and we will see stocks and public hangings--
A marvelously reasonable, balanced summary. Thank you BF.
If the gun isn't loaded, then perhaps the knife is more dangerous.
I might even agree - the smog is sometimes so thick I am surprised they can land planes at Pearson airport !
A true liberal - preferring sharia law to a conservative politician.
Charles Dudley Warner (1829-1900).
What do you mean exactly? Are you talking about energy gneeration? They are going full steam ahead to make Canada based mostly on renewables. This is already happening. Where you stop GHGs are at the source not the destination.
Because it is the very basis of freedom of speech.
(S)he was definitely joking, as R Rowat suggests. Gotta work on my material a bit, I think. Zorro got it right about this argument being the fallback strategy of trolls.
But the hungry public is losing that religion.
If Canada believes in supporting democracy in Israel is ideological then we should all believe in that ideology.
Saunders and his post-modern mob of historical revisionists incite the natives to make their ridiculous claim to 'nationhood' and to perpetuate this infantile Marxist fantasy.
Yeah, because in the 70 years since the end of WWII, presidents of both parties have been really careless with those codes, huh...
You'd make the rest of us Conservative backers a little more comfortable and A LOT more credible if you'd learn to write...'are downward spiral'? Did you EVER go to school?
Reason 10345 for a private school system. Don't like the rules - leave.
I think MSM may be referring to an anti-fracking protest in NB, where RCMP incited previously peaceful protesters to violence.
Dear art Campbell stay out of Muslim territory? you speak for Muslims? and the VICTIMS of Muslim dictators like Saddam, Gaddafi, Assad, ISIS, Taliban, theocratic extremists... how nice and smug of you since you are not a victim
Did you get a different version of the article? In mine there is no mention of any federal government connection at all. And what tells you CAMH is 'left'? A decision you disagree with doesn't automatically make them left. They could just be wrong.
thank you for the entrtainment Liam & moon howler...
'The subject who is truly loyal to the Chief Magistrate will neither advise nor submit to arbitrary measures. Junius'. Unless of course the Chief Magistrate offers a few more bucks off your tax bill.
Addiction Research says pot should be legalized. Trudeau was right. Harper and his bandits have been setting up shop behind the scenes....hypocrites.
This is not really new information- I am not a doctor and I have seen plenty of info about this for years. Medical personnel who fail to diagnose a woman with possible heart symptoms should be sent for remedial training.
Old hag? Geez, please grow up.
www. bing.com/videos/search?q=youtube+liar+queen&docid=4768411152813125&mid=F924E975A8A7D82BD14BF924E975A8A7D82BD14B&view=detail&FORM=VIRE8
My deja-vu sense kicked in with this payment and I know why, suddenly. Christy Clark was bribing us BC parents last summer during the pointless teacher's strike/lock out. Are there no original ideas for mis-using public money?
somebody should pen an opera
Exactly! All this FATCA abuse made me think of Trudeau Sr....Where is one like him when Canadians need it most?
Hey Margaret, you'll be crying on Monday night, like you did when Richard Nixon lost to Kennedy (yeah, i just heard you on CBC)Change your vote. C'mon, you can do it...
they werent made clear there wasnt a clearly articulated option put forward
Do you have any evidence for this claim?
From the photo of Ford that the Globe (a worthless Toronto rag pretending to be a national newspaper) used, it is clear that they adhere to sensational unprofessional journalisn - AS USUAL !
@wrg2 - and if you go with JT or Tommy you will NEVER know if any of the migrants coming from Syria have such a past.
something tells me wente doesn't have much data to back up what she says, and that-other than the british study-the whole thing rings of opinion.
You are so right. When people annoy you, you should just keep quiet and just let it be. That's what any wise person will do.
I hardly think that holding parliamentary hearings and seeking public input before having a vote in Parliament is 'pulling a fast one'. It seems like a thoughtful and deliberate process for coming up with change.
This is like deja vu - I read the same article in the WSJ (or Wash Post) a few months ago. Of course, you need to change 'USA' to 'Canada' & 'Obama' to 'Harper' but that is about it.
Glad you are not my financial planner.
Ontario is and has always been the largest net contributor to Ottawa. You guys should check your facts. Link Byfield lied. This stuff my go down well down the Legion in Red Deer, but it's actually balderdash.
SociopathicC -You have over the years, like me, discovered some old truisms - ' Peopleare what they are' and ' The people make the place 'That's the reason the third world is what it is.
I can certainly understand your aversion to polygamy. Having one mother-in-law's bad enough.
BC also sells its water to Nestle for next to nothing!!
@ Alceste Groups like Black Lives Matter judge all police officers as being bad. You don't think they're carrying prejudice too? hilarious
'Bringing down one (in this case the NDP) didn't necessarily mean a rise in Liberal support.'But, as the article demonstrates, it did mean exactly that.
OK, cut it off. Watch the population shrink, then the economy. Watch business falter because they can't hire anyone.
NDP in Alberta? Quite a naive statement
You watch too much Cee Bee Cee.
I hope they are not Victory gardens.
I agree tge transfer pyment are helping right now but why let the rest of the Country die for the sake of oil.
Obviously, education is a provinvial matter, but it is of national in importance. Its inclusion is to demonstrate that there are issues that are affecting people how live hear to a far greater extent than ex-pats could become aware of.
Learn your English grammar before you post 'off of' really???
Low information Canadian Trudeau supporters watching Clinton News Network and reading G&M don't want to hear facts.
Gotcha... you are on your way to converting me as well.... God would want it that way...
I don't think so - remember Nikki Holland? Here's a reminder: http://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/politics/liberal-worker-resigns-over-comments-about-bribing-voters-with-cigarettes/article555377/#dashboard/follows/
Why not a flag for everyone? Why do we need a flag for gay rights?
I was with you until the closing bit. If western "democracies" didn't fiddle, it's possible Egypt today (and Iran in the 70's) would be democratic.
Or maybe they know how to read the science and you don't?Assuming a morally superior stance doesn't make you right.
You got it wrong.
Good thing for Trudeau and Dion that Canada only sold 'Jeeps' to the Saudis.
The single engine in the F-16 has given stellar service all these years including arctic environments. Its safety record is better than the F-18 from what I have read.
I wasn'
so Bob Rae has experience working with First Nations. What was he successful in accomplishing?
This is an arch-propagandist riding on her Russian name! She manages to put every anti-Russian clilche into one short article, quite an accomplishment. And the Globe ? can you get any lower than this? What an insult to its readers!
The bloom is off the toupee. No one believes Harper and he is done in by his inability to admit he ever made a mistake. Not the smartest man in the room by any stretch. In fact, he was the dumbest man in the room in the PMO, according to him.
I think that THEY are paying through the nose to educate their kids here. Have you checked tuition rates for non-Canadians?
I will try this again. The Dutch show potential immigrants films of liberal Dutch society and ask if they are comfortable with these images... their answers are taken into consideration for immigration purposes... Is this unacceptable for Canada?
pray tell. why is it 'cowardice'? see if you can do better than rona-approved and regurgitated talking points.
I should have addressed my reply to chris lalonde.
How is your electric car paradise coming. Is anybody buying yet?
John Tory is endorsed by several Liberal MPPs as well as multiple federal Liberal MPs so I think he would work quite well with both. He is a Red Tory, not a hard right type and his team has both Liberals and Conservatives on it.
Privatize it? Like they have in the US with subscription fire services? Oh and if you aren't up on your dues they'll just come and watch your house burn....
Well said! Thanks. Been through it with my Mom and Dad. Like courage ,no one knows how they will react until it happens. Siblings have different ideas... we forget that it is our Love One that should decide.
A man who shouts something like this has no notion of traditional masculinity which included roles of protector and provider. It's pre-human behaviour, really.
I hear Spanish spoken a lot more in Calgary then French. The last time I heard fluent French spoken was when I was vacationing in Tampa Florida. Seems to be more French speakers in Tampa then Calgary.
Tell me you are joking. For Toronto to "be" Amsterdam you'd pretty much have to nuke Toronto and completely rebuild it from scratch. Then there's the matter of those canals . . .
Fascinating. Now tell us why Christians wear those little crosses around their necks?
If you don't know what 1+1 is how would you know the problem has been tackled ??
that's not news now is it?
Or are you thinking of the Toronto and St Catharines Police Force's shrewd negotiation with Karla Homolka that preceded Paul Bernardo's conviction?
You mean 70% of the vote nowKeep dreaming Twizzle
Wow, you sound really emotional about this. Are you OK sweetie? If you feel like you're going to have a breakdown, feel free to call for help. I'm sure your man will come and rescue you before the legion of army women get you.
Mr Simpson is disingenuous. He fully well knows that Parliament really does not exist in Canada. It has been fully castrated by the PMO, which is the real ruler.
You might want to ask yourself why evolution has apparently produced so many gullible people in the first place.
Thank you for the insight Ms. Wente. This has become just another political football.
sounds funny but somewhat contrived... what exactly do you mean ?
Any time there is a split from the mainstream, it's a good thing. There is a growing movement of activism that is happening in all cultures I believe. And it's about time.
You don't believe in the evidence of failure in this regard, Pappa? I mean, all of those omnibus bills? :)
P.S. Grey skies from belching factories, that is.
Maybe the US govt should ban the sale of all ammunition instead? -------- by all means if you can enforce it among criminals if not the criminals would have an advantage over YOU
Thanks for your kind thoughts!
You don't have a problem with Castro jailing journalists and killing opponents ?
After Carter pardoned US draft resistors - most went back to the US.
Yes to both!
No that's what Harper and his undemocratic fascists are doing
Meli: China is worst. Where is the US embargo on China? China is better now than in the past but still there was never an embargo on them. Why? The world has deal with worst dictators than Castro.
Best newspaper in the country. If you don't like it, don't read it.
'Far right' doesn't fit it. It's like calling Mulcair 'far left.'
No one but themselves to blame.
True... because it comes from US and not from THEM.
Right on.Free these journalists only doing their job as journalists. But both the Harper and Obama administrations have hailed the Egyptian dictatorship as a 'return to stability'.
'Good to go' would make a nice election campaign slogan, eh?
South Korea thanks to a ton of US aid
I wonder how the Mop & Pail Red Brigade will feel with Mr. Wonderful as PM in 3 years and 9 months?
What is incorrect? Please be specific.
Sometimes I feel ashamed to be a Canadian. How many Israelis are here because they just overstayed their time?
GMO or GE food should be labeled as such - like it is in the EU.
No...Francis seems like an impressive guy that is all and he is pulling no punches in delivering a message the ignorant have difficulties with. I like it.
The kind of people able to appreciate the nuances of an issue like this are not attracted to careers in policing. Do not expect Police Officers to exercise judgment, for they are far too fond of rules and their enforcement.
'The only thing worse than being colonized by the British is NOT being colonized by the British.'Monty Pile-on
Thank you Amer!
To the author: Of course a friendly mutual hello would be nice, but we would rather have police who break the law actually face the same justice system we do.
Harper couldn't care less about gun owners' 'rights'. He just likes wedge issues and hot-button issues that resonate with his base.
Canadians actually prefer slow growth. That is why we have had so many Liberal Party governments over the decades.
You mean like how people from BofNS went to a $6500 plate fundraiser, then awarded a contract to help with the sale of Hydro One
'years to recover from this'.... poor damaged minds. For the growth industry of homelessness , those people, citizens , as you are, might never be able to recover . I suppose you are going to plead PTSD now. lol.
"No future. No future. No future for you." The Sex Pistols
I wouldn't try to paint all G&M columnists with the same brush. G&M should have said: 'And all because Nigel SAID he was trying to be a good guy'.
A salute to you Rob MacLean!
Join a party and make things change.
The reason electoral reform is necessary is that the current system is unfair. It means that many people never have their electoral choice represented in parliament.
Referendum = delay, obfuscate, jimmy the process = status quo. Gee, I wonder who would want that.
Let me guess....you are one of those 'compassionate conservatives'.
CompletelyUnhinged.
Why should Canada treat Mexicans any different from how the USA treats them?
It's a shame that someone like Watts would smear her reputation by serving a 'has been' political leader who uses ISIS propaganda videos to smear his political opponents.
You both are expressing opinions without any facts to back them up. Spiderwoman, there is no way you can say that gtm's perspective is flawed and out of date when it is his perspective.
But has there ever been a party or government so strongly defined by its leader? I honestly don't know.
That's ok Ms. Wente, most Canadians already have Harper-CON fatigue, with the side symptom of Harper-CON spin doctor apologist fatigue, aka, Wente Fatigue.
I'm not completely sure but I think you may be a contender for the most propaganda spewed within a single news article comment section. Congratulations.
If she is a friend of your she probably isn't welcome.
BC may not be part of Canada. That is the main point of the article.
Actually, I'd be happy just to get back to peace order and good government... from any party. All parties get rotten after a period of time and need to be thrown into the composter.
What about the 49% who vote "No" -- how exactly do you stop them? Does Montreal get to stay?
Work with your hands. You can make more money being an underwater welder than you can being lawyer. But the lawyer keeps his head above water
The only racism displayed is your tolerance of old world sexism towards women.
where does getting naked fit into this? is it a privilege or a right?
Trying to obstruct any and all technological improvements because it might temporarily cost someone their job, and even worse, lead to (gasp!) higher profits, doesn't qualify as "the work of those of us wanting a sustainable future."
Justin T is obsessed with 'diversity'so the advisory panel must be half women like his cabinet for startersmust have one LGBT, one First Nations, one 'racialized' person to use the 'progressive' termonly then will Justin T be satisfied
I don't think he needs Florida, there are other paths, but he's pretty darn popular in Florida so I wouldn't be shocked there either.
Blighty will be ok.
not quite free - (property) taxpayers do foot the bill -about 100 million in Toronto per annum - money well spent btw - and use it weekly in erson and daily via the net
sounds like her humor filled gender threat soared over the female voters heads too
No it is about a further shakedown of the Canadian taxpayer pure and simple. Your egregious wrong is a bunch of &^%$#.
Obvious: Harper "is in over his head"!
'Gerrymandering' has absolutely nothing to do with a US Presidential election. On that basis, your entire post is either invalid, or essentially describes the person writing it.
Cannabis has been used to treat addiction to hard drugs -- might work for Nicholson and Toews as well ... we could only hope.
I hate how Tony Keller chooses to uses skin colour statistics to generalize people.
Once Keystone is approved, interest in Gateway, with its prerequisite extortions, will wane.
a tad sexist don't you think ?
Weren't you one of the ones posting that anyone asking for a delay was either stupid or a racist? Yeah, I'm pretty sure it was you. Well by your own posts Trudeau is either stupid or a racist. Have you deleted those yet?
I am afraid that this is merely another example of the G&M editorial policy MIA.
Fair comment. Stewart started out being edgey and ended up being wedgey. But you can't blame him for being smart, funny and humane in contrast to Fox News being dumb, ridiculous and mean. That is just the way it is.
Don't get personal! My son's name is Wendel, and he hates the Leafs!!!
Robin H...I'll bite. Which employers make it a usual pattern of their labour negotiations process to cover the costs of the unions they bargain with ?
Trudeau is wrong on this one. And on C-51. The Clarity Act is anything but clear. Mulcair is correct.
Are the hordes of female reporters sexually harassing the male athletes whilst they are interviewing them? How is this a relevant comparison?
The Tesla rebate was effectively Ontario not charging sales tax on it. The worst was the $8500 rebate on the $30,000 Nissan Leaf. It cost Ontario tax payers $5000 for every car sold.
Lebanon part 2
This PM and his Cabinet do not understand that leading the Government of Canada is not the same as the leadning Conservative Party.
Like a toothache.
dairy wars are a diversion .... I'm guessing that harper govt thinks we'll be happy if they sign the TPP without giving up supply management. It's the stuff that they're not talking about that is the bigger concern
The people of Crimea did in fact want to be a part of Ukraine. Until the moment Russian troops entered their territory and appointed a leader who generated 4% popular support in the last election. But that's just a coincidence right?
So Harper shouldn't have made his fake apology to First Nations because it was an admission of guilt. The level of hypocrisy in the Globe's opinion pieces is astounding.
But they sure are busy in every one else' business.
Yes, and Alberta has sent out $10 billion annually for years and Quebec has been a net recipient to the tune of about $8 billion per year. We understand how it works. Quebec is the gimme gimme gimme province.
Hard to disagree Jo. This editorial was childish.
Your comment is funny. Too bad that it's absolutely true.
Alberta is the lowest taxed province in Canada, but I guess it is not low enough for you. Where would you cut? Run for office!
no burke please!
@Carmen, The fact that you used the deflection mechanism you did tells me where you're at and it's back in a first-year 1980s Women's Studies course.
How does any columnist at the Globe and Mail still have a job after the disaster they did covering the US election?
Live in the present and try to improve for the future. Quit living in the past especially things that happened years and years ago.
Simpson points out that it is a 'plan' that is unworkable that is for the uneducated. Grow up
A future prime minister?
Didn't they use it to bail out the economy during the recent financial crash? Or would you have preferred they cut services? Sometimes obsessing along party political lines ends up with you arguing for the wrong policy.
There is no Green Party... there is only Elizabeth May... 24/7 and excluding any other voice of that Party.
Indeed. Isn't it ironic?
You're job's safe. Folks will always want cheeseburgers and fries.
.Just a liberal hack..
You're absolutely right Sam. People are tired of the lies.
how is that relevant?
So the NDP raise taxes in Alberta which effects the 'tax room' which calculates equalization payments, leaving the the now elated Tom Muclair and Quebec with a billion or two less of free money, funny how things work out.
A few years ago, some parents were complaining about their kids getting too much homework. They wanted more family/fun time and time spent at the hockey rink. Just an observation.
At least every man and woman in the Liberal 'conclave' do not wear totally ridiculous costumes and present - to the man - as way too far gone for the present times.
Looking at today's headlines, it appears that Daesh has declared war against the world. Is there any place that they have forgotten?
Some just like staying at home.
Trapping and hunting will never die, and slavery hasn't either.
Let her choose what she wants to wear
The claims of many of these products are actually false, and many (probably most) don't have the knowledge and skills to navigate the claims. Regulation and enforcement would be to get them to clean up their act.
The author is right. This law will not promote the integration of immigrants into Quebec society, rather it will hinder it. This may lead to greater problems in the future with immigrants who have been marginalized by Ms Marois and the PQ.
I don't believe I said that at all.
It's pointless making humanitarian appeals to the combatants because they don't care about human life. It would be like asking Hitler if he wouldn't mind leaving the Jews alone.
Who can Trump insult next to trump this? Maybe the Dalai Lama, maybe Queen E? No one is safe from the Wrath of the Donald.
Do not feed.
The National Academies of Science, in every country that has one, upholds the theory of global warming. You oppose it. Hmmm... who am I gonna believe?
there is a day Liberal lose, just like what happened 4 years ago, 7 years ago and 10 years ago.
yourtyperiterizzbroke
No integrity at all.
Government makes the rules and sets the course. So yes, they are responsible for the outcomes.
The latest IPCC report takes input from more than 800 scientists citing more than 9000 studies. It will be the most comprehensive and exhaustive (pun intended) report on climate change yet. IPCC vs. Wente - your choice.
no one does that anymore. even I played with dolls more then trucks growing up. that was 40 years ago. get over it - socialization is not the problem.
All the oinks are taking a break to enjoy from the daily gong show. Until the fall when more crap will hit the ceiling again the both houses.
4th time you've used that phrase in the last 2 days. Isn't there a word for that?
And you thought Seinfeld was a show about nothing. Now through the immense wisdom of the Charter and the Supreme Court, the scales have fallen from the eyes such that we can see the absurdity of our ways.
E loiks is mum cross the pond oy?
Well, you had the 'idiotic agenda' and 'federal tax policy on income-splitting' parts right... just edit out the parts in between and you've got it.
you mean it only works if you were just going to get it anyway.
Leave the decision to the courts and you might as well not have a bill
Exactly what was going through my mind as I read this.
'Typical leftie nonsense from the likes of Stamford.'Typical response as predicted by Mr. Martin in the third to last paragraph. Also typical to flub the name of the person under attack? It happens regularly enough.
Chretien did. He happened to be the leader of the Liberals. You say it like everyone who was ever a member of the Liberal Party of Canada is responsible for the decision. Are you suggesting that Trudeau should be blamed for Chretien's decision?
Shallow people? Like Ibbitson attacking Trump's weight? Fair is Fair. it's gold star families dumas. Gold star. The Red Star is much more credible than this here blog.
I read all sorts of UK news, but not BBC. On domestic UK matters; BBC is about as objective as our own Social Justice Warrior National Broadcaster. On international stories they're much better.
PR is a done? The Liberals don't even want that. You should better inform yourself. The Libs will try to ram through ranked balloting. This is common knowledge if you'd bothered to pay any attention. PR will never see the light of day in Canada.
None of the appointments in question required the approval of the Governor General.
Could Justin have any better? Why didn't Justin introduce a Reform Act? too busy not attending Parliament
grow up Buzz, whats with the name calling ??
And you have no sense of humour - par for the course for a Liberal.
Contrast this to the article that Ibbitson put out. What a contrast.
Ah, the Puffster... proving to be another in the long line of Harperconservative comedy fodder, unlike Dear Leader who is about as humorous as getting AIDS.
Falsum How about this guy? Is he qualified enough for you? http://www.cato.org/people/richard-lindzen
Hardly. Gibson is a life long Liberal with a capital 'L'.You certainly do not know Mr. Gibson.
For the Harper team all I can say is...' What if you should gain the whole world... yet lose your soul?'For Soudas all I can say is...'I'm just a soul whose intentions are good, Oh Lord please don't let me be misunderstood.'
"There are many things I don't like about the Harper" ,,,such as what? He has BO and never showers?
Dictatorship? Gee - perspective...
Try to respond to the actual post, Matriarchy.
All that it ensures is that we will have permanent minority governments where small parties will hold the government hostage like in Israel.
Are cheering his stand against birth control and abortion that is in the same encyclical?
' however, I think the guy needs professional medical help'Detox?
And apparently, so does Alberta.
Whiner: Your air force consists of paper powered by hurricane force oral flatulence.
It's more a matter of their losing important advertising money if they do not prostitute themselves in this way, John. The poor bastards cannot be feeling proud of their work.
Trump is being investigated for three separate sexual assaults including a thirteen year old girl at a party hosted by his friend, pedophile Jeffrey Epstein. That's your guy??
in other wordsmoral preening from the moral high groundhypocrisy
Nuclear is the safest power source ever invented. All of the waste can be recycled. China is moving in that direction. Future progress will come fro China, not the west.
I don't know, Sheeperst, Trump is a misogynist, a bigot, an insecure bully with notoriously thin skin. He exhibits these traits with just about every action and utterance. The G&M simply reported them.
You are a typical offspring/descendant of the robber.
subways subways subways! that's the plan! shovels in the ground! St. Clair disaster!
The high homicide rates are due the income inequality. Countries with high inequality, like the central and south american countries, have high crime rates. Te US has become a Latin american country, when it come to poverty and crime.
Ms. Gagnon has brought some much-needed balance to the issue.
Yeah sure, blame the West for Russia's malignant propaganda. How irresponsible!
Terrific op-ed essay.
The tent city has a public Facebook page, Super Intent CIty.
Pol Pot and research on drought are one in the same? Really?
Basically you're saying you want her to un-Toronto herself?
hear hear well said.
This is the ultimate media spin - that the internet reaction becomes the issue rather than the objectionable comments of these men. That the FB comments are somehow understandable or may be condoned but the public reaction is not.
Fire sleepers
typical Troll reply: I say something, the Troll comes up with an insult and nothing more. Try to do better next time.
30,000,000 +' poor' won't be covered even if Obamacare went according to plan.
Now if we could drag the medieval arab countries into the present....
These left wing liberals all have their own agenda. Talk to the real people in the world and the conclusion is that Canada is still held in high regards.
Catherine Like your dad ' THE RIGHT HONORABLE ONE' you truly represent what Canada is and should remain to be.
SMM: Electorate has spoken? When? You mean the 39.5% popular vote for the Liberals? Craft a good law? How naive. For your sake, I hope you never find yourself in a situation where your life will be snuffed out against your wishes.
Tell your daughters the best candidate won and that gender doesn't matter
I,ll be waiting for your next article, perhaps one about Ginsburg recusing herself after her comments about Trump ?
Thanks for pointing out the simple spelling error to everyone - how could we have ever understood the comment without your catty comment?
Signs in every bit of public land, no loitering, no swimming, no fishing, and etc. etc. no wonder the kids, enabled by parents, stay in the basement all day playing games.
actually the Hippocratic Oath differs on killing the living
Maybe he ghosted the editorial.
Listen to this interview published a few days ago and then read Wente's article, www.youtube.com/watch?v=82En_A0hijA
I keep on telling that best way to understand Islam is to make The Koran a compulsory subject in school. It will open the eyes of Canadians.
Yes, it would be nice if someone did a significant article on the real background of ISIS/IS/ISIL or whatever-they/we-call-them-at-the-moment. Grateful for any pointers.
Kristen, I've been wondering how Harper's ubiquitous ads are any different than the constant stream of propaganda of the English-language channel of television emanating from China?
Yes, this is it exactly. We are being slowly forced to bow to the will of fanatics.
The article/editorial is little more than a whitewash of the RCMP overstepping the law - at best - and breaking the law, at worst.
Ah yes, the old environmentalist as foreign terrorist caper, AS. What antedeluvian B.S.
Your post smells.
This bill lends meaning to 'Off with their Heads'every con in Canada. Time to bring old timejustice back to life. My bet is harpo ans his buddies will be screaming blue murder when theyare led to the chopping block and hear the bladecoming down.
That would be an insult to the dinosaurs. They are magnificent. Jim Prentice is not!
Doug doesn't seem to be threatening suits anymore now that the truths have caught up to him.
Exempt those below a certain income. Even Sweden and Norway who the left always hold up as model social democracies charge user fees for hospital visits.
You are being really fucking nasty about this
...and political butt kissing.
Margret can't escape her backward American thinking on social issues.
And the 50 cent dollar came from where? Under previous administration in case you were not paying attention!
''''regress socially and politically'''' ???Yes, but not for financial reasons.
Upon their return, how about just directing these 'know' individuals to a 'special area' within any entry port, and have them 'instantly de-radicalized'.
I'm confused. You work with a manager you don't like yet you got out of the NA rat race years ago? Also, you expect training and guidance yet want to correct the guy training/guiding you? p.s., All work has deadlines.
Liberals do not tolerate criticism of liberals because they are so tolerant :-)
Bwaaaahaaahaaahaaa....unlikely at best but funny for sure
Hard to have an intelligent conversation here when the status quo is ignorance
Including you to where ? Any place ?
Seth is Konrad
True dick, but not you. You define 'fanboy sycophant'.
This is a fascist monstrosity that only a Mussolini could love. Not me. And not my two dead uncles, torpedoed in the Atlantic.
I prefer not to roll the dice on the planet. Can we not find a less destructive way of providing our energy needs and conserving what we have?
My perspective is that Stephen Harper is a fraud.
Pompous, bigoted, crap on your part George.
Kenny making policy changes to attract more donation dollars. Sooner they are gone.......
Really? I'd bet plenty of Harper supporters puffed out their chests a little and harrumphed something nasty about immigrants when He used that term.
If Pierre Poilievre is the best they could come up with, it speaks volumes about how thin in talent the Conservatives are.
Bally nonsense.. Since when does 'democracy' mean 'as long as I think it's sane and reasonable'?
'The idea that they can be integrated quickly or easily is just a fantasy.'Ok, Margaret, we get it. However, I don't think ANYBODY thought that integrating the refugees was going to be easy.
Ladies and gentlemen: Climate change has been defeated!
If you strip somebody of their citizenship you can deport them, and remove a danger to your country and your people. Too difficult for you?
Overreact much?
Trump is very very elite ,.............. The eeeeeeletiest
The globe and Mail is forever tainted for doing so. They are not a defender of democracy
I am confused was China part of NAFTA? Comments by silly Liberals blaming NAFTA for job losses in manufacturing.
Lesson 9Dupe the NDP into a formidable tag team force with the Reformers to out the Worst Government in Canadian history.. the Martin Liberals. That seems to work best ...
Canada. And what are your credentials?
Probably the same reason that Christian governments who preach freedom and democracy kill millions of innocent people and destroy centuries old infrastructure. Because religion is wacked.
OMG people - Get a life already!
For earth day, here in Timmins. I'm going to turn on my air conditioner. Let it run all night.
Scotland made a bad mistake in 1707. Hopefully they vote 'yes' and get back on track.
Just as a point of interest, what is the Federal Liberal platform on FTWs.
Sad but too true. Joe Pantalone was a perfect example of this.
Nice comment with absolutely no evidence to back it up. In other words its meaningless wally.
Just out of curiosity, which female NDP candidates do you think have had Botox treatments? Ms. Chow? Ms. Nash? Mme Laveridi?re? Mme Turmel?
Morrissey is an arrogant, pompous propagandist. He is also racist and a real pr!ck.A has-been.
I hear large pieces of America are owned by the Saudis as well as some parts of Canada,
What have the Tories, in nearly 10 years, done to change that 'social focus'? Nothing, largely because they would pay a huge price politically.
And it's ugly. And if you don't mind my saying, I think it's aimed right at the audience and about to hurt a lot of people, as well.
'Selling valuable public assets for one time capital injections'It's like burning the furniture to pay the rent.
Nicely put.
Wow - that's very telling when the highest scoring comment has been deemed unacceptable and therefore deleted
And do you think that would have stopped these people?
Get your Latin right - I think you mean to call yourself 'ProVeritas'
Is Michael Bliss also a liberal?
Runner Realize that without vaccinations you would likely be dead... as would many of us.
3 contests, Michigan, Pennsylvania, and New Hampshire are in a dead heat. Trump is leading in all three including Pennsylvania now. Trump has to win one of these three dead heats and he will have 270.
Didn't you claim the person who threw the beer can was a woman?
A very important addendum.
Occasionally there are articles where you need to shuffle way down to the negative-voted comments to find intelligent commentary. This is one of them. If you want to be upvoted on this one, you have to write a vicious ad hominem attack.
But daddy has to have his sports on 24/7! Mad Men! Breaking Bad!!
They might not replace with with anybody who's any better, just somebody they like.
No kidding, they failed to manipulate the 'old geezers', lol.
Although I did not call this a 'fact', I believe that the 'Hadith' covers this issue very thoroughly.
Exactly my question as well. If black representation is so important to him, why isn't he here doing his part?
'it is a misnomer to categorize the two recent events in Canada as 'terrorism'.'================================Doug88888, just a suggestion. Buy a dictionary. Look up the word 'terrorism', and then delete your post.
They would most certainly obstruct any attempt at investigating on-reserve matters !
Thanks for the post. I can only hope that there are more converts like you out there. Anyone but Harper! Heave Harper in 2015.
Far right conservatism in trouble, progressive conservatism isn't.
I'm not a hockey fan, but did watch that Olympic game. Didn't really care for it except for the last few seconds. With half the population tuning in, it was truly a shared experience.
No I got the point, like so many others of Marks it was empty of any sentient capability, as with yours.
The idea that Sanders and Trump could have a political alliance means that you haven't been paying attention to anything either says.
No. Just the reality card.
'silence voices of hundred of readers'Source for this?
Why won't the gov't let Khadr speak? Two words - Stephen Harper. Harper must go.
Avi ... If you want to test the broad support that this manifesto has, why don't you use it as your platform during a run for the NDP leadership? Or would you prefer to sit back and talk while others do the heavy lifting?
One could make the argument that Canada's tolerant Liberal society could also be the Islamic State's greatest advantage.
The global super elite rich own the planet, not just Vancouver.
Yeah, that's "they" are going to do
Well, given that the poster didn't mention the word racist, how does that count as an intelligent rebuttal?
thats because we put profits first
This won't be court challenged. Conservative whining aside, there is nothing to challenge. When Harper passed his fixed election date law he didn't need a constitutional amendment. Same thing here. No amendment needed, therefore nothing to challenge.
Parents should stop believing that they have fundamental right to define and control how their children's future, beliefs and life style should be shaped. Canada should stand by it's values when it really matters.
Spread the poverty around. Sounds good.
It is ALWAYS the right time to discuss the difference between ?literally? and ?figuratively.?
Not all calories are the same at least when you factor in how the body takes it up & uses it. Try viewing a DVD called Fad-Up. It's a wake-up call!
Because he's on video and being asked by numerous people over the past 30 years, and generally respond with; 'not really, but maybe some day if things got bad enough.'
Noe that, in his responses, Joey doesn't deny that he wishes he could be just like the Fords.
This is just a check to see whether I can post or not. I couldn't do so last evening. Heavy handed Globe moderation because of my politically incorrect views on Ontario's energy policy or a technical glitch? Who knows?
Australia is not a pure FPTP country as I believe that voters rank candidates making the final result more reflective of voter intentions than FPTP.
Yet another diversion. Why should anyone be concerned what an MP makes outside his pay as an MP, any more than a lawyer or a plumber and outside work? What is going on that the media does not want exposed?
It appears he is a sociopath as well; very skilled at appearing likable when it serves his purposes, dangerous when he is not being watched, and ready to dump on anyone who tries to stop him.
@PETERWHITMORE123, A Canadian republic? The United States of Canada, sure why not that will sell really well. Go for it.
As Conservative PM Kim Campbell ended up with what three seats for the Tories. If Harper continues his governments current antics we migh see zero seats for the party in 2015.
Illegal migrants work for democrat polling machinery, and perhaps vote illegally also for democrats. Hence patronage from Obama and Hillary.
Had to check my calendar again....did we really wake up on Friday the 13th to a Liberal Majority government? This is going to be quite the horror show.
Mel, why would we support the winner of a high school popularity contest? And BTW, you need to get better friends.
Forfar is a hamlet in Leeds County, Ontario, just south of the Big Rideau Lake.
Also, once a public utility has been privatized, it is no longer an instrument through which governments can implement socio-economic policy.
b-o-r-e? Learn to spell. How hard is it?
Well at least this article is right about Obama aiding the 'rebels'. Somehow most of that aid wound up in the hands of the Islamic State. Regardless of whether this was intentional or inadvertent, the end result is the same.
Oh - so I imagine you have enquired about the curricula for each of the other subjects taught in our schools?
unlikely, since raising cable bills is a first-class vote loser.
There's a guy in the neighbourhood of the abomination who likes it. He keeps writing letters to the Cape Breton Post. Gossip has it that he wants the franchise to sell hot dogs and fries on the entrance road.
The professor is anass on many levels.
a future brighter than the shining example of prudent prosperity orchestrated by Mr Harpers Conservatives? good luck Prime Minister Simpleton will need it
i'm glad not having the life you espouse...
Especially when the reigning party apologized in 2008 and then did nothing. Harper's apology was intentionally hollow.
People clearly have not been paying attention. We live in a very superficial celebrity age. This behaviour was par for the course with this Trudeau. Very revealing.
A state funeral for someone who's sole purpose in life was to break up the country seems a bit odd.
With the O&G drillers hurting so bad now, you'd think geothermal would get more of a boost (especially in Alberta).
The vertical part? That would be the part where the whiter skinned folks are higher up and the darker skinned folks are lower down.
It is curious that American politics is run by special interests. Sometimes, you would think that Canadians, starting with the Prime Minister, are just learning this fact.
was the editorial writer a right winger for drawing a direct link on the motivations behind the government's intentions ?
Yeah, they got caught cheating by Elections Canada. Now they want take away all their powers so they can cheat with impunity.
Depends if he/she is letting this position interfere with his/her job or not. If it doesn't, then no such a person should not be fired.
sorry cant feel sorry for the guy been sucking on the front tit for too long and the only reason he's at all relevant is our government allows french language laws to rule. Yes french spelled wit a small f.
A twice elected black President whose birthplace was questioned constantly (including by the President-elect).
Hi Rooster. When you mentioned about the C0Q10 I had to look it up. Interesting info regarding gum disease. Now you have me thinking that it might be worth a try.
You mean she's our Trump?
I'm in favour of taxing the rich so long as it's net neutral by reducing the taxes on the poor. I don't want to sound glib, but the poor are poor because they spend too much. The money will always flow to the rich because of this.
it tells me that many of those opposing Harper are not too ....no , forget it :-) It also tells me that Jeffery has figured out how to quickly write popular articles of poor quality
Letsbereasonable, I strongly object to the tone of both you and Margaret Wente. You people think you're being cute and funny using 'irony' and sarcasm, yet what you really have is a hidden agenda that attacks minorities and perverts real democracy.
is it not your choice to have a mortgage? Have children? Why should other people pay for your choices??
Michael Chong is with the wrong party.
Yet you deep reading her columns and making comments?
job well done back to the comics
As if that's what this election is all about. The media seems to be one step behind and looking the wrong way. Meanwhile, see Hillary on Sunday? She looks like she's about to expire.
To Factcheck why? so that no doctor need violate his Conscience every man's conscience is sacred to him remember you love "diversity" let's have diversity of conscience
Bingo. I was appalled by their shallow and, frankly, predictable recitation of left-wing talking points Just completely missed the point didn't you? That figures since you progs seem to be quite full of hate for anybody that disagrees with you.
Exactly right! Let the bullies who can't tolerate any festival but their own stay in their narrow little closed worlds and et the rest of us enjoy.
Lmao you pathetic racists never fail to make me laugh
how can you not get that great joke he made!!!!!!!!!!!!!
May a woman wear a French bikini at a beach in Qatar?
Yeah, but it's CN's land. Why is Milton planning around land it does not own?
What a joke. This is the same editorial board that supported Harper and the Conservatives and their white 'values' jihad against the niqab. All I have to say is: TRUMP! TRUMP! TRUMP!
Good answer. Donate some of your money to the cause
So? You're lying, and this isn't the first time. The Terry Fox Foundation sent a letter proposing a cancer centre, which is not what the Cons delivered. You're as low as the Cons you support.
'Black people commit a disproportionately large amount of crime. White officers get nervous and have a lower threshold for shooting them.'That's what being racist is.
The words of one who saw a Hillary win as inevitable. There was your warmonger and textbook fascist. The ultimate insider and one of many sacred cows to be gored. Next stops: Vienna and Rome December 4.
Clearly you weren't paying attention in school or were too stoned to understand.
Furthermore, I'll add what Amnesty International says that 'Armed intervention in Mali risks worsening the crisis'www.amnesty.org/en/news/armed-intervention-mali-risks-worsening-crisis-2012-12-21
I wasn't asking for a debate, just info on Lemay's death. Since you know nothing about it we'll leave it at that.
Simple, we fight for freedom. The Russians are invading Ukraine to build an empire. Canada has no desire to occupy Syria, Afghanistan, Iraq or Libya. Russia seems intent on stealing Crimea and destabilizing the rest of Ukraine. Why?
- and left wing politicians demanding that terrorists be allowed to murder and make people homeless before they will lift a finger to help them. Pierre Turdeau's proud war record redux.
A Liberal is nothing more than a Conservative who spends on Government, ie the entitled. 300 promises, is anybody truly surprised?
Insightful comment. Thanks so much for your contribution.
So called"Christian" right not so Christian after all!
The legal challenge was to make the citizenship folks adhere to their own regulation. She was not challenging the law or its regulations -- only Jason Kenney's now-ruled-illegal decision to override the regulations.
'detrimental' how, being a racist, come out the closet and be it.
no, just easily led.
What moron gave you a thumbs down on that? I would love to read their rational of living hand to mouth in the modern age.
This G&M has actually presented authors who have taken both sides of the 'bust-the-cartels' argument. It has presented balanced viewpoints in that it covers all angles.
shaunnarine1, sounds like a lot of evil people all right. In your new world order, which country fills the vacuum left by the U.S.?
I'll bet the Liberals will have lied about this too... and will find some excuse to weasel out of this initiative. How much do you want to bet?
Quebec, together with every other province, big or small, has a veto over matters like Senate abolition or the composition of the SCC. It's found in section 41. In what section of the Constitution do you think this special Quebec veto is found?
Say Something ' better tax and labor regimes. '... in other words Corporate welfare. Typical comment from a Lib tard.
Durhampro, are you excusing the Liberal's record?
If Prez. Obama wants to take credit for the elimination of Bin Laden(not for political reasons of course) then he has to take credit for the means by which he was found and killed.
Hey Craig, why won't Nick Kouvalis run any relection campaign for Ford unless he goes to rehab??? This has nothing to do with 'Ford haters'. Folks don't like Ford because he is a clownish blow-hard who can't grasp his job.
Wishing death or injury upon another human because they simply hold a different political viewpoint. Yes, you certainly fit the description of Conservative base.
People hate Harper but they vote for him because they know where stands. They would love to vote for Trudeau if they knew what he stood for.
there is a difference between positive change and negative change, no?!
It's interesting to notice when the PMO shills select a post for suppression. Note how PGY1's vote total stands out against the background. Your tax dollars at work for Harpo.
First of all, the US is a lot bigger than New York and if you're basing what readers of the New York Times think and feel is widespread throughout America... well as Trump would say, 'WRONG'.
Actually it is. Its a scale of want to be coddled to personal freedom seekers. Scandanavians on one end and the USA on the other. We're somewhere in the middle, which I think is the place to be.
Would you accept an unpaid holiday?
C'mon, it'll take time for the G&M to get used to a PM who keeps promises. ;o)
We can only hope that your fellow biz school grads will begin to instruct their Chinese business contacts - inform them that they'll only do business with a socially and environmentally conscious business community in future.
What's that other noise? Sounds like someone ranting about something that a) isn't an issue and b) isn't even remotely related to the article to which they are commenting. Move on, please.
Good Idea what about cities? Toronto representing its multicultural mix and Vancouver
That quote does not imply morality originates from Christianity. And the West's morality is dominated by Christian morality. Are you going to deny history? Our past is overwhelming Christian.
Shhhh! Peter! You know facts, research and learned rebuttals makes the baby in the manger cry!
I think Bernie would have won. The Liberals in the Democratic party screwed themselves. Much like the Labour MPs in England did with Brexit.
Whiner1tis has a pretty twisted mind... you just got a glimpse of it.
The biggest loser are the poor. Period.
You denigrate Bruce for "pulling numbers out of thin air". Then you pull numbers out of thin air. Mind-boggling.
The editorial is right. We need to have a lower maximum Let us try setting the maximum contribution limit at $500.00 and see how that goes.
Odd. They say the same thing about you. They had open green spaces until you moved in.
The USA cares nothing about 'public reaction' to this crime. It's not 'far fetched' if you look honestly at US crimes around the world.
Wrong- NAFTA destroyed the manufacturing sector.
Who are you, and what have you done with Margaret Wente?
It's certainly not coming from the conservative side, either in the USA or Canada.
If the BC government wants to avoid screwing up this issue big time - make sure there is all-party agreement on the form and content of the apology/remedy to be presented to the legislature
And that Tom Mix hat Justin's wearing while expressing condolences on the carnage in Nice looks ridiculous, if not demeaning. Grow up man.
Are you a recent immigrant to Canada?
That's right, good for you. I'll trust Hamas with your family.
You appear to be under the impression that MacKay is viewed that way outside of the CPC base.
WLM:'The good news for liberals...'In an article about genetics, you felt compelled to mention liberals. Were you raised by partisans, or would you say it has more to do with your level of intelligence?
@forwhatisworthIs Israel responsible for ISIS, Syria, the Arab Spring etc. this is nonsense
Speaking of history, AB Boxster, are you claiming Canada's National Energy Program caused both the global oil price collapse and high inflation rates of the early to mid-1980s?
Thanks to OBAMA
But science insisted that we were over the hill in terms of peak oil??? 5:39 MST 30 Nov.
Wow, only 6, actually 7 more years until we can start to get reliable information again. Thank God nothing important is happening in the meantime.
But most people are not lucky enough to have multiple houses. The point is that we don't vote for a government under the Westminster system, we vote in our riding. If you don't have a riding how would you vote?
I vote for that approach! Ignoring Facebook and Twitter will not change you life in ny meaningful way and will save you plenty of time.
What can you say? Some women make bad decision, even with the all the warning signs they still go ahead. What's the solution? I don't know. I don't know that the court system is set up to deal with this kind of thing.
It is hard to grasp how big the 'north' is, even if you have been there.
Islamists are killing Muslims (if they're not Islamic enough) and non-Muslims all over the world. The killing are always about religion.
ARe u suggesting that the Liberals or NDP will reduce the debt quicker than the Cons?
Another Conservative majority is good news for Canada - bad news for communist Toronna
the conservatives do not have to embaress trudeau, the shiny pony is doing a fine job all on his own
Excellent comment. The ground for a referendum has to be very well prepared, otherwise it's a big waste of time and treasure.
'what, exactly, is a country for?'----------------Lowering taxes for the self-absorbed, of course.
argyle5663....Merkel said that she plans to take in 500k Syrian refugees per year. Think about that.
I think voting Canadians may still prefer a PM from Alberta rather than a PM from the perpetual 'have-not' nation-province of Qu?bec.
For real numbers, see my post below.
False. When you are sworn in as a citizen, you have to reveal it to the Citizenship Judge.
How quickly we forget the wound inflicted upon corporate Canada when the income trust bust-up saved the Canadian corporate tax base.
It was a cheap political ploy that leaves no doubt that voting Liberal while he is leader is not an option.
Things were looking good, then we had the phenomenal Rob Ford era, now we look south and see the GOP presidential hopefuls mired in a junior high food slinging match. If our well being rest with leadership, we're in trouble.
Where can I buy GMO and gluten free organic water .-)Excellent post but without the GMO and nuclear fear mongering there would be no excitement left in the boring lives of the urban gentry.
mtrat: If you look at articles from other papers besides the Telegraph you will see that while a lot of them were of Muslim background there is little doubt there were others from different religious and ethnic backgrounds as well.
No, in this one he is correct.
One can only hope.
Typical Wente article.
It's the parents of students in District 211 who are suing to stop this from happening. The transgendered student filed a complaint with the School Board.
The sad part if 9 out of 10 Canadians no nothing about this, or our foreign policy in general.......but will gladly vote for this ideologue anyways.... We are as much to blame.......
.. and Paula Abdul, if we allow female competitors ...
Cultural Marxism is a branch of western Marxism, different from the Marxism-Leninism of the old Soviet Union. It is commonly known as ?multiculturalism? or, less formally, Political Correctness.
Neither have most police officers. If you want to talk about really dangerous jobs, think logger or cabbie.
But the Europeans cull seals, and the ban allows that products from seal culls can be sold in the EU.There's no 'moral' difference between shooting a seal in Scotland or Sweden and shooting a seal in Canada or Norway.
Wrong about Finnish teacher's pay dude! They are actually paid about the same as doctors.
Eddie the eagleLast time I checked immigration to Canada was a privilege not a right
Refusal to work with the provinces: one more reason why Harper isn't fit to be pm of Canada.
Clearly I wasn't paying attention, I'm embarrassed to say - what was the change that Harper introduced unilaterally that altered our voting process in a similar manner to this?
I think we got the message the first time ...
Sounds to me like we need more money for schooling, mostly for the second of the three Rs.
Everyone should be hiding their heads in shame over what Stephen Harper is doing to Canada. And Kathleen Wynn is still a better choice than Tim Hudak would have been.
The last prayer at mosques is 'may we defeat the kuffars'.
For once you've actually stated the truth: I do enjoy passing gas in your general direction.
The last thing we need is a national daycare program. Children raised and indoctrinated to behave as state approved, politically correct, liberal robots? Isn't the traditional family unit damaged enough already?
Your paid comments are even more troublesome.
Member of your Grade 6 Logic Club, are you?
So basically 1/3 of Americans are stupid.
If you were doing the drinking game watching last night for every time Trump said 'I', you probably would have been drunk in 10 minutes.
I can't say he has nice hair though.....
It's all led to a warping of political expectations and values out thataway, wouldn't you say ?
Slavery never was a part of Christianity; it was imported from past cultures.
How old is the law governing the price of competitors delivery?
Obviously Wente isn't in the middle class if she can't understand the stresses we're going under.
Iran has never been at war with Israel. Israel also has nukes.
Well you seem pretty sure YOU know all about the case, although you've demonstrated you haven't even read the basic facts about it.
Terrible thing for PEI to have democracy. Isn't it ken?
Notice she didn't mention Harper's wig?
The other story that seems to be missed with Duffy is how much in bed the rcmp is with the cons.
In Canada he is Canadian: in Egypt he is Egyptian - Quite Simplethis dual citizenship thing!
Left-wing media, please tell me where they are
A couple gasbags no one cares about, heard from. Thanks commies.
The G&M has endorsed harper and his thugs from the get-go and will probably do so next time round, this editorial notwithstanding.
considering naming their child Vancouver - made me laugh out loud. Thanks Ms. SouthyHappy Birhtday!
Check the stats on oil spills: http://www.itopf.com/knowledge-resources/documents-guides/document/oil-tanker-spill-statistics-2013/They have become virtually extinct in the double-hull era.
As he does so often in most spheres, Harper misjudged his appointments to the Supreme Court. It is fitting that when he does something right, he pays dearly for it.
Duke, you know neither what country nor what century you are in.
every word you write hereevery single word is a lie
Are you confusing transfer payments with equalization payments?
Why shouldn't people own tanks? Howitzers? Helicopter gun ships?
Not arguing with this - but having had a 'culturally cohesive' pop concert could we now please have a 'culturally cohesive' classical music event of some sort? Why is mass music always pop music?
If I had been aborted, I would neither know nor care, since I never would have lived.
Think about what you just posted please!
typical muddy political thinking. Ooops, sorry, no pun intended, but I'll leave it because it wasn't too bad....
Stop accommodating them. Bring in the victims of Islam, not the Sunnis doing the persecuting.
Godwin's Law strikes yet again.
How does apologizing for invading someones space cut it. That's like punching someone in the face and saying sorry, I shouldn't have done that, and go on his merry way. This PM is a complete farce.
try speaking english: no eulogy was given and your vast ignorance on display should make you blush, pal.
Brad Wall the Dinosaur? The last of the Old School 'Republican' Muppets left in Canadian politics. He has to wake up to the new world, the Millenniums are in control now and they will remember who got rid of DB pensions courtesy of the CFIB....btw
Me Ford, you bunch of Janes....
I ask because what alpha said is an obvious truth and it's not clear why he/she just blurted it out.
Which ones ....never heard that any of the Senate members spoke out.
self plagiarism?
Funny you mentioned Coke, remember New Coke?
are you suggesting Trudeau will have a muslim as deputy pm?
Tip of the iceberg.
That, sir,is totally correct. A national embarrasment.
For Pete's sake, Michael T., turn it down! You'll have 'em all here!
Galloway was initially denied entry because he handed cash over to terrorists.
Johnny Test Less than a minute agoI don''t think Harper would put a levy on anything unless there is a level playing field in the US. A carbon tax would make products more expensive and harder to sell across the border.
Then don't invest in RRSPs. You want the benefits, you take the responsibilities that go with it.
Balaclavas have less religious significance than niqabs. Nonetheless, I have worn a balaclava into a bank without issue.
You could well be describing Pierre P as well...
He has been replaced by DANTE1969.
If Harper is mentioned it would be more coverage than he got on his last trip to India.
But who's the bigger fool, the Cons for playing the game, or us for letting them?
Thank you for expressing your opinion. Now explain what your opinion is based upon (other than a desire to degrade a fellow human being).
'Monsieur le maire', in French.
Does anyone really believe that this wouldn't turn into a big corrupt train wreck with the Liberals running it?
Amazing that Duke can see the obvious in this case, but refuses to see it in so many others.
Its a columnist. BTW, G&M supported who federally?
Harper should move to Texas, and be with his own kind
The more I think about this the more it annoys me. The Nobel committee pandering the lowest common denominator. If songwriting is literature, how is it that I don't see the names 'Woody Guthrie' or 'Hank Williams' engraved in the Nobel pantheon.
Does your stance on marijuana differ from your stance on any other prescribed drug that is not a cure and has mind altering properties? That's quite a broad spectrum you know.
IjSi, before you blame it all on the right, I would suggest you go back and recall how the know it all liberal elites behaved towards Preston Manning in the early 1990's.
72% turnout is not low information voters, which is just a way to insult people with no basis anyway.
I'm telling them who they should be? Did you even read my post?
So why is your god keeping fuel prices artificially high? Is it to pay for 5B in blunders so far?
More mind control from the left, and less freedom of choice. The answer is no.
Shame on you Jason. The NDP FUBARed Ontario and look where their interim leader is now.
Arrest Justin Trudeau.
Nobody, that's why most of the Globe's writers aren't worth reading...
Canada1: The Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives is not a reliable source. The Canadian banks received liquidity infusions, via short-term securitized loans, which they repaid in full. In contrast, Chrysler and GM received actual bailouts.
Fort Mac is quite nice in the newer parts. Their community centre is way better than yours ....
And while we are at it we should make child immunization shots mandatory. We need herd immunity. This child would not have died if he had his shots.
Public space ... pure and simple.
Sandra Jansen is a smart, articulate, intelligent politician. She represents a dying breed within the P.C. Party and will be far more comfortable with Rachel Notley's NDP.
More TFSA expert elitists funded with tax dollars. Kesselman's 2013/2014 salary was $202,408. How much will his tax-funded pension be?
The public interest in your post would be why they lost you, but I think I can guess.
Infrastructure in post-WW1 Germany was undamaged by the war. Though some rail lines and piping for water systems were ripped out for their metal to create munitions.
No province signed the constitution. Don't believe all the Night of the Long Knives BS that runs rampant through the press.
Call me crazy but I would rather have improved health care before we spend countless millions on bilingualism.
I saw Blonde on Blonde going into a synagogue on Saturday.
Here is what the outlier is setting out to do:http://www.tomdispatch.com/blog/175959/tomgram%3A_pepe_escobar%2C_inside_china%27s_%22new_normal%22
Brownshirt dimwit in high office. This Mayor's arrogance, like it or not he should attend the parade. Toronto's a diverse & inclusive community of which he is the elected head.
So all of Palestine pays the price of Israel's blackmailing action. And the 2500 dead civilians in that action last spring, more than five hundred of them children, are part of your "who cares" courtroom action . What heartless, mindless drivel.
Like most Scotsman - Richard231 - had to leave Scotland to get a decent job. Remember Dick - the EU doesn't provide funds to to balance budget deficits like Westminster does.
They might have clout, but unfortunately they don't have much brain.
The Globe has been more consistently wrong in their editorial opinions in the past year than I can ever recall. Was there a change of editor or something? This used to be a sensible paper.
You seems unaware that one can have a strong sex-drive, grow vegetables for the food bank AND do volunteer work. Amazing eh?It's unfortunate that you are incapable of more than one task in your life.
Erika from Amerika will use this forum to:1.) Tell us how dumb Canadians are and/or2.) Try to deflect or otherwise get defensive about anything that may have negative connotations regarding the U.S.
D_Peters, Then all he'd need is Mulcair to plug up his rear side.
They are only complicated because the real criminals do want to admit their have been WRONG.
So what is your take on Aboriginal and gay people? Are they still members of society that should be protected from hooligans?
It has been said that regardless of the outcome in this Court, this issue will end up in the Supreme Court of Canada. All of the arguments now at issue will be unresolved for yeas to come.
Looks like you do not have a answer , let alone a rebuttal... lol
And you don't think that killing a struggling recovery may have a bit of a negative economic impact?
And what exactly is their option ('let the market decide' being utter nonsense and no answer to this question)?
Your post needs to be broken up into smaller paragraphs.
Excellent, thoughtful article... well done.
Avi... the only person to make Bob Rae look like he came from humble beginnings. Will his hijacking attempt of the NDP work? I thought hijacking was proscribed?
Get over P.E. Trudeau Callahan. That was 44 years ago and he's dead! And two wrongs do not make a right ...
Have been saying for years Toronto cops need to get out of their cruisers and walk main streets of communities, getting to know and be known by biz owners and residents. The most basic practices bring the biggest benefits.
It is for the most part, and there is little for these unelected archaic toadstools to really study. Do you think their analysis of C51 was "thorough and done with sober second thought? Cmon, you get real.
Government is not responsible for children or the elderly. The capitalist systems takes care of everything. That's why this last recession is lasting 5 years long.
Saunders can't be a Liberal. The Globe and Blue wouldn't have it.
That's a non sequitur fallacy which doesn't apply here. Walmart wouldn't have downloaded the phone's memory.
Will you get warnings for breaking a ban? This is the point. We move the bar up to 100%. No more discretion.
I agree. The CBC is an institution devoted primarily to social whining. I tuned out long ago. I would support any public or private broadcaster that provides balanced and impartial programming but, to be fair, that approach doesn't seem marketable.
When an argument states it is '100'% government waste ' then it negates itself. There are some senators aka Mike Duffy, who besmirch the office.
'Numerous parts of the Constitution presume that FPTP is in place.'Name one then.
At least we know where this propaganda is coming from. One of Al - 5 houses and counting - Gore's minions. I wonder how many miles he's travelled in his private jet this year.
Go easy on the Salt Ms Wente, we need you healthy and vibrant.
I believe you are right Blue-man. He will either go down in flames or end up owning a newspaper.
This article only discusses CIHR, and has nothing to say about NSERC. It would be interesting to see a similar analysis of NSERC, which has been going through its own set of upheavals over the past five years.
Simpson accuses Republicans of attacking the Supreme Court. It seems to me that the most outrageous attack came from President Obama during his State of the Union message.
Arts programs in Universities, the most useless degree to find a job, is filled with Canadian born kids
Smoking marijuana relieves asthama symptoms. I'm surprised Stephen doesn't know that. Or maybe he does...
Those jobs are fools gold. They're not going to be there long. Trudeau's TPP will make sure of that.
When you are elevated to the Patrician level of society, you live in a different world than the rest of the serfs.
ABOLISH THE SENATE!!!!!!
I'm interested in your comments. But why re-invent the wheel. If you know the source of the Hadith pronouncements please share it with us. Paste in a copy. Thanks
To busy working on his tan.
Written from the basement of the Chinese consulate.
Interestingly enough when I was in East Asia, I got asked about Rob Ford so it seems the only way a Canadian politician gets noticed outside of Canada is do something illegal like smoke crack.
Corruption - my name is Liberal
Delete ALL tax breaks and there is lots of money. I think that only the poor should get taxpayer money. However there are more Canadians getting tax money through tax breaks than welfare.
people call police....when seconds count... but police are thirty minutes away
The pipelines are dead Bud. Oil's going below $50/barrel.
Here is one of the problems with the Canadian voters- as of 8:35 MST this editorial on a serious issue with our democratic system has 69 comments... an article on whether or not Leafs coach Randy Carlyle has a job next year has got over 50 comments
Martin did raise income taxes in the 90s and cut provincial funding. Necessary steps but far from popular.
Ontario is broke.
spoken like a true civil servant.....
They were fools. I would have preferred Ford over here.
It's called 'pandering' or desperately trying to win the next election with a shell game. It's using a 'feel good' mirage to deflect from the obstructionist ploys and outright dirty tactics to steal another election.
Given Harpers track record he deserves it.
The right is against everything that makes any sense.
Generation after generation: we test and the kids are average at math. Can the prime minister stand up and tell us five to eight strategies to ensure better outcomes and explain why it's important that he arrived at an answer?
Can we stop with this nonsense of who the middle class is and just assess both plans on their merits.
My goodness it's frustrating to see a post containing historical elements whipped away and buried in modville. Is there a changover in staff, a modification of opinion permitted ?
I thought crime rates were falling across Canada ?Surrey's high rate couldn't be because of 'deep multiculturalism' ?
Instead of your sanctimonious preaching, why don't you take the lead, cut your CO2 emissions by 90%, and then tell the rest of us how you did it?
Now THAT would have been a worthwhile article !
Corruption in Qu?bec is Liberal. Liberals are federalists. Then corruption within Qu?bec is Canada.
But then we wonder how ISIS and other terrorist groups manage to attract people to their causes.
'Douggie' has been missing in action so far. I haven't seen anything that would persuade me that he could perform well in debates. He hasn't had to debate anything since his coronation in Ward 2 in 2010.
Mr. Walllace please check your false assumptions.
He was not an Arab.
Canada's TOTAL contribution to global warming is 0.001 degrees per year, IF the IPCC has it right.
Looks good overseas too:'Justin Trudeau, the feminist, elbows woman MP in Canadian Parliament'http://www.afr.com/news/politics/world/justin-trudeau-the-feminist-elbows-woman-mp-in-canadian-parliament-20160519-goyukc
as Hermesacat said, it's not that he's some evil criminal, just that he's got a obvious agenda at work here.
A vote for the Green Party is not in the least 'wasted.' It is a vote for Mr. Harper. Elizabeth May's longstanding links to the Conservative Party are hardly a secret, as much as Ms. May, her party, and Mr. Harper try to keep them out of the news.
100% of Trump apologists agree.
Carmen in denial = nothing to back it up.
no Rob that is what ejection seats are for, many successful military aircraft have had one engine its about trade offs sorry, but it comes down to that
abjectly poor people have nothing to risk. moderately well off people have something to lose ... and are educated enough to understand they have much to gain and that the situation is unjust.
"Sorry 34DD 23 33 - you should perhaps call a Canadian lawyer and ask. Call me any time 
'There?s mounting confusion, distress, panic and anger over the possibility of a Trump presidential win, and that?s just from his own party.'Not quite. The distress is from establishment insiders irrespective of party.
So, instead of posting something intelligent, you post a bunch of drivel and unproven speculation?
Did Jean Chretien not win two majorities with similar numbers. Didn't Kathleen Wynne just last year, with 375? Were you complaining then? Thought not.
We also have a limited number of birds to feed to Ontariowe's wind mills...
But the Oil Sands are not ignorant and washed up, like Neil Young himself...
Mr. Harper polls well in a number of visible minority communities. The message that many commenters are getting from him seems to be very different from the message they are getting from him.
It isn't prudent for a household to simply not pay the mortgage for six months, or to let the roof cave in instead of paying to fix it.
I understand the Liberal government will be bestowing two (2) taxpayer funded nannies each upon every wealthy trust fund family,
Amazing what a fool believes...
Your reference is to a 2011 articleHave you read The Spirit Level? It replaces economics. It gives info that if used would help Canadians in general, not business.
I became a 'Granpa' when I was 49. I was young enough to have the energy to raise my own children and young enough to experience the true joy of having grandchildren...............and then send them home to their parents.
How interesting that we here in BC have the same position but we have received none of the same venom as Montreal and Quebec has from Toronto. How is really the Petty one Toronto?
As soon as I read that this writer gave Avengers: Infinity War a negative review I discounted his opinion of Captain Marvel. Infinity War was a glorious movie. This guy just doesnt get the Marvel world.
Lon, is that your brow under your chin?
Why should Rob Ford resign and Justin Trudeau not? Both are drug addicted blowhards who deserve our contempt.
No more or less than anybody else.
Not even close. Trudeau cleaned house when he took the reins. A foolish move by any measure, but for this one.
The tipping point has been reached and transformative change has begun. FNHA in BC is showing the way. Keep on keeping up on.....
His points are incapable of refutation inasmuch as they are not based on logic or evidence. Rock music is good, jazz music is bad. Refute me.
Not everyone can make insightful comments.
Trump supporters, both racist and non-racist, are in a triumphalist mood and are flocking to Globe comments. The reception here is no more, no less than that.
you forgot gambling, and strong liquor
With all due respect, perhaps it is you who lives in the wrong place, because we are a multicultural society with a Constitution you don't seem to understand or respect.
The Liberals were put in place by the public sector and their unions with lots of help from the media. It's truly amazing with all that help 61 percent said no.
CITIZENS are guaranteed the right to vote. Non-citizens are not. Do you have any intelligent questions?
I shop at Loblaw and/or Supercenter every week. I have never even seen the underware section?? It is certainly not between the produce and the bakery. The self serve check out is an option, one that I often use with only a few items.
Crack kills!
It is an over simplification, because freedoms collide and they need to be regulated. We have speed limits, we have to get vaccinations, we have to pay our taxes, ...
a 15% saving would be a good beginning.
Social media guarantees anything a person says will be broadcast to the public. This man's career and work will be toast.
She lied, she should resign but that would be an honourable action in a party that has no honour!
Why repeat what the writer said?
It is just such erudite observations that expose the depth of Conservative thought.
Canadians don't want a socialist coalition government.
I've been waiting for more people to acknowledge the root of that phrase in our modern world. Well said.
I'd prefer another country's taxpayers support his room and board for the rest of his life.
It would also be work, and Avi is against that.
HI:Don't hold out for the Governor General, go for the Queen!!! What a bunch of greedy, self centered idiots!!!(that we support)
We might as well just appoint him Prime Minister now. After all, he's leading in the polls. That would be the democratic thing to do.
A clear case of putting it's people first shows me that our Trudeau government is on the right track.
Your points are well taken. For the record, I had already done what you have suggested. Further, I will continue to do so.
Molson Light: Could you tell me there is a law against speaking a foreign language in public in Canada?
Celebrity Culture . We have Pee Wee Herman for PM.
I thought that was informative. People are not necessarily going to go out and buy the book, but it useful to have a summary of what is in a book that is timely and being read by many.
Wake up! We are not in good hands - whatever the political party, they all appear to be muddlers. And we, the electorate, put them where they are.
Peace in our time!
Not sure why you find that hard to believe.
I don't believe mhastings was talking about the choice of 17 different kinds of toothpaste.
Brilliant - an Inquiry Olympics !
If you've nothing constructive to say, please say nothing.
Alex - exactly !!! And your's truly is a propaganda expert - can detect it a mile off. Been there ....
Who says it's impossible and when did your PM even TRY?????
Nobody in parliament has any respect for Trudeau.....including the members of the LPC.....should have gone for the astronaut.
I wonder if you would have felt much worse if you hadn't had the vaccines. I know the mumps really affected me badly at the time, prior to the days when the vaccine was available.
The Creator gave us the freedom to vote for idiots.
P.E.T. Light was planted by Sir Stephen and Prince John. He is as a bomb set to go off just before the next election.
There is a lot of orchestrating going on world wide and unfortunately no leaders available to give these culprits a whack on their dirtied fingers.
another. Don't have a brown shirt. Silly slur. Rather like me asking if you a still reading Chairman Mao's little red book. But I won't do that.
Ask the gay community how great their living standards have been since the revolution.
Keep up the white-hating, Johnny. I guess all the dead 'occidental' Canadians buried in France during WWI & WWII also mean nothing to you, right?
cancel my subscription to the resurrection
So the Beer tax will be applied to my ontario electric bill?
I think viking brought up the rear actually.
..'blah blah blah, blah blah, blah blah blah blah blah. Blah blah, blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. Blah Blah Blah. blah blah, blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. Blah blah blah blah .....................................................
Don't you mean "global warming"???
@TBitty: Please keep your sexual fantasy to yourself.
The ratio of women to men in the pink ghetto faculties is more like 50-1.
You won't be.
The law only applies to some Canadians and not others. That is the joke. He's saying yes i know these laws are corrupt and unjust but we will keep doing.
Wonderful article. I remember that the British press deplored our shameless self-promotion at the Vancouver Olympics.
Yes, the photo should be updated, if nothing else, lol.
NASA report 400 ppm CO2 as per today CBC article but not reported on Globe and Mail, really, who is surprise, not me.
Yes, the G&M is really now best called the Harper Newsletter...
Yes she's getting older. But not fast enough as far as I'm concerned.
Await the day when these two learned gentlemen will advance the same argument to protect Palestinian civilians against Israeli bombing.
Critical. Every yearly deficit is added to the accumulated debt. That's what you should be looking at.
Glossing over is one of Peggy's main things.
Is that a picture of Micheal Adams in the cartoon below the cloud under Trudeau? It takes an army to spin Justin's words into something believable.
Forum did the poll paid for by the Sun that tell you anything?
The Globe has a great stable of professional liars. Kendzior is not so great.
Tony, you are a great guy and I recall a very good skater too. but, let's put this in perspective....we get national defense for almost free and we didn't need o go to Iraq!
Meanwhile, Harper makes things worse for business by meddling in religious affairs in China to curry favour with his religious base.
You doth speak too soon.
Correct. This editorial was the last straw. I'm out of here...
Making people responsible for their decisions? That's not the NDP or Liberal way!
Do I disbelieve everything this guy is saying? Hey, is the Pope Catholic?
So I guess you haven't noticed that the Republican party controls the US Senate, House and 32 of the state legislatures?
Completely agree. The politicization of energy policy is costing us a fortune. A two-edged sword though.
And over 5 million blacks couldn't vote for Hillary's continuation of Obama policy because she's white.
And true. Thanks, Norm.
It is not an opinion to me
No - just add a health charge to junk food. You make bad choices, you pay. That way, you penalize the behaviour that is under control of the person, not something out of their control
Welcome to HarperLand where 'core' values override the majority's. We have to get rid of this mob.
Who runs the EU or Canada for that matter? Conservatives?
If the bitumen was upgraded to synthetic crude the pipeline might have a chance.
Infuriating isn't it? A citizenry with such drive and energy, hobbled by an utter lack of vision and leadership.
So I take it you can't argue any of the points being made.
An intelligent reply. They should have you writing columns instead of Saunders.
"Rabid cons"? Is this the famous lib tolerance you people keep yapping about? Time to go to anger management, dickie.
Rogue, So, I can put you down in the "two-evils-make-a-good" column. Right?
I hear that Fox is starting a reality show that's a spin-off of 'Celebrity Boxing'. It features celebrities sparring with disgraced politicians. Doug will fight Danny Bonaduce and Rob will fight Tanya Harding.
That is an interesting comparison, PT to JT, almost polar opposites, yet PT as intellectual as he was, caused massive grief for the country. Perhaps JT, quite straightforward and not possessing his father's intellect will have more common sense.
Mine's a 25+year-old Mark's Work Wearhouse; only worn maybe a dozen times over those years because the temps were never cold enough! I finally have a reason to wear it again.
We don't need life without parole. We need the death penalty.
But its OK for the left to run such a vindictive campaign as this. If a Tory did this I can only imagine the vitriol that would spew from the papers.
So Colin will have to kneel or sit for the rest of his playing career, nothing's going to change.
curmudgeon's are awesome
You had no problem with the G20 spending on really important fake lakes, Huntsville Gazebos and other totally essential items? Give your head a shake, the Cons spent money in stupid ways too.
for Silver Shelf "I may disagree with what you say but I will defend to the death your right to say it" VOLTAIRE French writer Age of the enlightenment
Agree, and that what happens when you have "professional" politicians.
Might have been better to let him get on the plane to Syria. Worry about it if and when he came back.
Don't expect to see this story in the enabling G&M.
Oh, so much for due process.
Sure you did.
Good point, Robert.
Putin fears no-one.
Give me a break! Barry let himself be portrayed as born in Kenya for years. Fold the race card!
Looks like one.
Your moving the goal posts way too far there barry to a point where everything is rape culture.
hey Abbas Torontois this a post or a sermon?
We do not need 'a commission' to understand that an inordinate number of aboriginal women lead dysfunctional lives. The $6 Billion a year budget of Indian Affairs has not stopped that from being the case.
Ottawan here, and while their was support for him here, Toronto and the GTA were the main culprits in voting him in 3 times. Many of us in the Capital hate his guts and never voted for him - count me as one of them.
It was the black and white hat thing that simplified matters.
CONs have no problem sucking up to Nuclear Communist regime China... Why have such a problem with a small state in the middle east?
With good spell checking embedded in pretty much every piece of software used for text editing, it is only a matter of time before people learn how not to misspell words. It's like having a teacher check each and every text you produce.
'There is something perversely reassuring about the Liberal government?s insistence that it will stand by a controversial arms sale to Saudi Arabia'Unless you happen to be a Liberal voter.
You make a good case.
the complete defeat and fall of Harper can't come too soon. Harper opens his mouth and stirs up hate between groups. It is happening here in Quebec... This is totally irresponsible for a leader of such a diverse country as Canada.
Because of lack of French teachers they mostly teach a dialect of Anglaise in Ontario. The marks are awarded for class participation in this charade, not for knowledge of a foreign language.
Are you suggesting that minorities cannot be racist?
@poptcornLOL
Geez, Nadine, you must be really hard up for names to post under, bringing this one back! :-)) :-))
you think clinton wants to deal with a puffball
So much for equality?.
BC also produce 94% of their electricity from hydro-electric means. There is not much to actually tax. I a necessity such as electricity was heavily taxed BC'ers would have FREAKED out. As it is a relative luxury was taxed.
It's an accurate observation, strongly-worded.
from Berig in RochesterI'm not surprised by Suzuki's ranking. Seems inconsistent that Elizabeth May wouldn't rank up there also.
Is IS an existential threat to Canada? Would Steve sign his kids up for this?
'Women in management learn to listen for frequencies that are inaudible to male ears.'Sexist'Can we extrapolate from their experiences? Probably not, because two is a tiny sample size.'That sure didn't stop you.
we have a populist (pretty) government right now. Carney should wait to see if common sense returns to Canada in the next election before he makes any moves
It's $1000/wk, before tax, for 8 weeks (pat) in Ontario. Anything made during that week, e.g. if doing a small clinic or office day, is deducted.
Kind of like the New York Rangers. All huff and puff.
Its a fact that men pay the majority of child care expenses. in 2 income families men are most often the primary breadwinner. in single mother families the father pays child support. where did you get the idea that women pay the most financially?
...or Richard Needham.
on mass? you have to bone up on your French before making comments like this...
A sad story, for the man, his family and the city. It is also taking the spotlight off policy and management where the conversation should be focussed. And on wether Toronto should be broken back into smaller units. I hope Rob Ford gets it together.
Oh I was definitely referring to the author. I'm not too familiar with Beyonces work but if this is the sort of thinking it induces then yes, Id say shes pretty out there too
tories will never give compassion instead of contempt, but it would be nice if they recognized the points you make here. Harm reduction is a much better approach than shaming and demonizing.
@Wooly - The Italians are one example, but so are the Germans.
'the pot sold is often laced with stronger and more addictive drugs like crack and meth.'Doubtful. Do you have any evidence of this that you can show us? Unsubstantiated claims by members of the RCMP don't count.
Justin Trudeau will have some strong words for them.
"Wages have been steadily falling for twenty years" Actually they have been rising for most of that time- 1997 was to low
irrelevant because Ms. Wente lays the blame on men based on 1 study.
Wow. Great comment! :)
Your point is?
So, teachers are responsible for feeding their students as well, as they? I thought that was the job of parents. Who is going to care for these seniors? Healthcare professionals who can't read or write properly?
LOL @ David Gibson - yeah, the last thing you need are people at arm's length taking a critical look at your doctrine.
Banning things makes them more popular. Just look at the movies and books decried by the official Catholic Church. Best sellers and blockbusters, generally.
I'm sorry Tattycoram, but please post something we can actually believe
Right - the way everyone moves forward from the horrors of WWI and II by forgetting it. If only we would stop remembering Remembrance Day, all would be fine in our fair land.
I do not acknowledge the new threat. Terrorism is not new. Canada has had terrorism at least since the eighteenth century when the British and French each encouraged Indian allies to raid and terrorize the other side. Terrorism is a minor nuisance.
No tax revenue, no way.
Mais, enfin,Monsieur Lefebvre, de quoi parlez-vous ? Votre raisonnement m'?chappe....
It must really make you Cons proud when after being unable for decades to grasp the concept of multiculturalism, you stumble across the crassest possible version of it and run with it to extremes.
They are entitlements in the sense that nobody wants to pay for them but everybody wants to collect because it is their God give right !
In Canada you can... it's the left's own cathedral. Look at the worshipers on the boardsday in and out.
I keep waiting for a story that goes ' Stephen Harper is visiting (fill in the blank) and has decided to stay there.
AGREED: abolish Harper's Senate before he appoints Rob Ford there.
What nonsense.
Bravo Mr. English, well written!
Since Paul Martin left the position of Finance Minister, anyway.
Here is Canada's solution to RBC's ever-increasing fees and ever decreasing Canadian workforce: www.banking.pcfinancial.ca/a/products/chequingAccount.page?referid=leftnav_daily_banking
I so agree with you Jim!
of course there is oversight... it's judicial... not parliamentary, because MPs have shown, lately, that some cannot trusted with confidential information
Throw that in with public money for pro sports venues and one has to wonder about the societal need for 'bread and circuses'.
People are getting harassed and even fired from their jobs for saying something in their private conversations that is deemed 'insensitive', 'racist', etc.
Actually you wont decide who lives in your city. Get over yourself.
With Ontario Premier Wynne advocating sale in the LCBO only and eyeing those nice available taxes, don't think this will be so easy and Blair knows it.
Oh.. there's more than 'lobbying' going on. Check out the relationship between Nigel Wright, John Baird, Peter Munk School of Global Affairs and Government Grants. You might find it shocking.
Would have to agree it's clearly some agenda being followed. Anyone with a brain can see what the problem is. So clearly the "problem" must be the desired result.
Proof? He's a politician.
Well put, Ms Wente. In South America Tuudeau would be championed as a populist figure and we know how economies fare under populists leaders - and some believe Canadians are already divided?
Exactly. And more to come, first in the US, then increasingly in Canada.
Road tolls during the rush hours. Polluter pays.
Why do you assume we want to maintain a Canadian dairy industry? Why should I care if my dairy products are made from milk made in Canada, US or New Zealand?
Why would there be a spike?
A mayor who hides and won't answer questions from the tax-payer, is news.
No kidding. Lest we forget, Thorsell used the GM during his days as editor to lay down covering fire over Airbus. He, more than anyone else, created the conditions that allowed Mulroney to get away with it.
And polio?
Bang on about the Koch Bros. connection. Keep writing and informing!
When you are desperate you will say anything and the PQ seems desperate. Since I live in Ontario I don't care if Quebec stays or leaves, it's of no interest to me.
Well argued. Besides environmental arguments, what are the drawbacks?
Colossal waste of time? How about you call a conference on climate change and show the world how to do it right?
Read before you endorse further government expansion: http://www.internationalman.com/articles/the-first-libertarian
Absolutely right. I too am sick of hearing these western Reform radicals referred to as Tories. There is nothing Tory about them.
'Russia?s quislings' ????Is Dmitry Yarosh on your editorial board?
Exactly right. Moreover, the ones who need our help include males as well as females. Excluding people who need help based on their sex seems (to me at least) hard to justify, but it happens.
All the while Justin's head is filled with smoke.
it appears you don't either
First, we don't know if a crime was committed. Sexual harassment could be, but not necessarily criminal. Second, it's up to the women to go to the police. Hearing about a crime is not the same as witnessing a crime.
it's a story about reincarnation.
Me neither !
Why is it you lefty loons are always railing against population growth until it suits your twisted agenda>
I would add to the list of 'winners' Dick Cheney and his Halliburton. http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2010/jun/09/arianna-huffington/halliburton-kbr-and-iraq-war-contracting-history-s/
Barjona-what sources indicate that Semenya is genetically a man?
You don't sound too impressive yourself.
Same essence in the policy of banning Islamist immigration.
Why not justTrudeau: Pain.
Cuz we're in there dropping bombs, destroying houses and creating refugees.
Not to worry King Stephen will give them the Great Lakes and all will be well in Tinsel Town and Ottawa
More likely 'Bob from the GTA'
I don't think this is going to work out for Stephen Harper. Trudeau is like his kryptonite, he gets all flustered when addressing him, keeps calling him minister and such. Harper is certainly not as self assured as his fanboys here I'd say.
Not to worry Blue Eric, it's going down with Harper... looking good on his already dismal legacy.
No, Brown was not high on PCP. In fact, the county toxicology report on Brown was positive for only marijuana. Toxicology results based on an autopsy performed by federal officials have not been released.
Leading by example.
A good idea ahead of its' time. The end of barbaric mutilation is not racism.
Great! I love to meet male feminists. I have known many of them throughout my life. Feminists seek equality not dominance and that is great for men as well, as relationships of equality are far more supportive and beneficial for us all.
You mean compared to Harper whose only actual job was as a mailroom clerk and his daddy got him that job.
'No one listens to Daft Punk.'The fact that they've been making music for 20 years suggests otherwise.
Remzi Cej is mistaking economic migrants for refugees. I doubt that most refugees have more than the threshold the Danes have set.
Sure subways are fine if someone pays for them. without the money you need an other solution. Rob Ford never offered another solution, or a way to come up with the money. Whining from the sidelines hardly makes him 'right.'
Trump is stupid. Clinton is evil. Evil can do far more harm. Vote Trump
Is your tin foil hat on a little to tight?
And thank you, Irene, for offering your name. I wish it were a requirement on this site. John DeGracePrince George
let's face it. any 'international criminal court' that fails to bring tyrants like queen elizabeth to justice shouldnt be taken seriously
Ed the socialist can't get the result he wants, so instead of working harder and putting forward an agenda the people support wants to manipulate the system.
It's not his law .. It's been 20 years
Is Canada ready for a world awash in $0 oil? headline$0 oil ?not in our lifetimeeven Justin is not readynor Suzukinor Naomi Klein
Love drama, but the kind done by professionals not your crybaby antics
Surely you jest!! You probably said the same thing about Rob Ford!!
Hey PPOperating budgets don't show long term debt. This is taught at the entry level of basic accounting.
I support your cause 100%!But at the same time, I support political and economic autonomy for aboriginal nations. I think Canada running the lives of aboriginals is completely wrong.
Read quenadien postQuebec had & has significant powers on running the province unlike Catalonia. It shows the silliness of the argument when Quebec rejects the Canadian Charter of Rights but implements its own virtually same Charter of Rights.
Liberals don't have 'plans' they just stand for 'words'.
Shame on Harper, good for Brison!
They can't be spending too much money on it; whoever they hired to shoot it can't even focus a camera. See the John Baird clip for evidence of this.
I believe there's some that come close. However, they are in the vast minority. And I know of no nation that- were enough money, trade and empire involved- wouldn't sacrifice human rights for them.
I hope most women don't feel this way.-----------Oh, I'm sure there are those that do, Wade22 (see: Margaret Wente). But there are also men who look down on those in the trades, too. I think that most sensible women don't give it a second thought.
If it should have gone to the RCMP first (I don't agree), should it not have been Mulcair taking it there? Why aren't you taking Mulcair to task if this is what you believe the correct action to be, RGreen?
Sad comment that should be right up there will women rights or as they whine, lack of. Grow up and move into the current year.
C. - you're guilty of shooting the messenger.
Compulsory voting is communist.
I wonder if Clinton will cry in public if she's ever indicted.
So why don't you take up the cause?
ok, but how will we get all those olympic medals?
Who has been writing these jaw-dropping editorials? Are they contest winners from Toronto area high schools? Interns? Someone's dad? Can I write one? I mean, really, the canny American researchers call it 'snirt'--who knew? There goes the country!
Yes yes yes we know you hate Obama. But how about your hero George Bush going in therein the first place and leaving Iraq a shambles along with the US economy?
Oops, he did it again.
so then according to your reasoning, the jobless royals have no soul or sense of self-worth.
John Sewell was the failed mayor on Toronto that the police union sent packing! Zero credibility.
'You are doing yourselves and the LGBT community a disservice by being fools'Actually, homophobia does us a disservice.
Mr 'studly' needs to study history like his peer did. Quite a bit of history has happened since 1945 yet he hasn't noticed.
Great article from someone who has been there and back again.
I saw that already on FaceBook. Still, it's a credible theory.
Just remember everyone: when Liberals lie it's the ok and responsible thing to do; when Conservatives lie, it's proof that they're scummy.
TDR - Were there even internet forums then? Would you even remember what he/she said even if there were?
ISIS would agree with you. That is exactly the response they are seeking.
Mercer is a self-acknowledged lefty.
Anatman, you just contradicted yourself. Many successfully integrated, but it won't work?
Pete: How does expanding the family reunification program which brings in all the non productive, service using grannies and grandpas fit in with your scheme?
The G&M is a right-wing rag that gets called leftist whenever Simpson speaks the truth.
'''Ontario teenagers aborted 152 pregnancies for every 100 live births in 2007, '''Ontario teenagers aborted 152 pregnancies for every 100 live births in 2007,....'''They understand boinking, but little else. No matter.....
CC Are you losing it? This article is written by two men. Notley (I assume Rachel) isn't even mentioned in this article.
We are getting back to normal now as the unjust and knee-jerk (revenge based) unconstitutional legislation is paved over with laws that conform to the 'Charter'. There is more to do to remove the Harper stench.
Except that Mr. Trudeau does NOT agree with this strategy.
Still using the term 'Sovereignty' And still don't have the guts to say Independence' like the Scots did.
Yes, and Alberta corporate tax rates are still the lowest or second lowest in the country (depending on what stream of income you are referring to).
'Why isn't the Globe investigating all angles of this issue instead of just pushing the Liberal agenda?' I think you've answered your own question.
@BobbyKfromUSAIt's your empire, you fight for it!
Our constitutional freedoms are worth standing up for. I stand up for her rights. I stand up for Canada.
Harper has nothing to do with this particularly when education is a provincial responsibility.
You need to have money in order to spend it.
100K in Toronto barely affords a rental 1 bedroom. Buy a house? Forgettaboutit.
??? What media has she been reading???
You've gone off the deep end Commander.
Because there is a meaningful choice. Often the political parties in a general election are just the same old flavors of the same old soup. A referendum on a well put question is a real opportunity at a choice that might change things.
But wait, Kellie Leitch is on her way.
Exactly, this is all fabricated by the development companies.
How xenophobic of you. LOL
Welland, Not quite. The take over of democracy by corporations has been a long drawn out process over the deacdes enhanced by liberal incrementalism.
Soon after he took office, Chretien observed that the major wielder of power was the 26-year-old in red suspenders on the floor of the stock exchange. Finance capital had come to call the shots, and nothing has changed.
Watch this video and weep http://canadians.org/energyeast
The Globe just cuts and pastes the lies from the American media, we just get the lies the next day.
Blacks don't get carded or pulled over for nothing in the States!? Who knew.....
His name invites hilarity, but just who is Bacchus Barua. A thumbs up for this institute to the right of Vlad the Impaler might just be possible because ' he was not assessing policies.'
A good perspective on transit can be had in,Taras Grescoe's, Strap Hanger, its about how different cities handled mass transit, and a must read if anyone wants a broader picture of what's at stake.
Well, I guess that Wente would consider me to be poor, since I've never owned a cellphone. Strangely, I'm living just fine without one.
'Fresh air'? Like the air from a flatulent cow, you mean?
Thomas, I am quite surprised how many trolls working here, posting multiple, repetitive half facts, half exaggerated comments (just look at the comment stream under my post, keep on coming for 2 days!). Why are they working in a Canadian newspaper?
The 'functioning state' being referred to here is northern Iraq, i.e. Kurdistan, not Iraq as a whole.
The Republican Party headquarters in North Carolina was firebombed yesterday, but there's no mention of it in the Globe. The NY Times was also very quiet about it, nothing on its from web page, but it at least carried the story elsewhere.
Why then was Poilievre's "Fair" Elections Act not referred?
It's her pen flashlight, not her dog whistle.
Out of legs??? Oh, Maggie, Maggie, Maggie. Who are you trying to shield?
Justin doesn't have to worry about the youth vote. A few selfies and an interview in Vogue or Cosmo, and they'll be stupid enough to vote Liberal yet again.
The Syrian people are failing all by themselves - without our help ....
It's a complaint to the judicial council so that it won't be repeated. It's extremely unlikely to end up in more than a reprimand. Put calmly, it's not really a 'SJW witch hunt,' is it?
The direct link is not behind a pay wall. www.easternrailroadnews.com/2012/05/09/mma-prepares-for-daily-ops-in-canada-with-one-person-crews/
My wife had a job that involved supporting a home of adults with special needs. She worked the night shift. She was allowed to sleep, however, her hourly wage was lower during the official 'sleeping hours'.
LRT Battle is lostmove on to fight other battles another day city and province and federal are now aboard the subway train don't waste leftist energy fighting futile causeslick your leftist wounds and get over it
It has nothing to do with the PMO. It's G&M editorial policy.
Until the SCoC makes a new ruling that prohibits breathalyzers too, which they obviously can do on a whim.
Well, they're embracing Cuba now.
a lot of tired old clich?s Crusty ( you forgot to blame Harper also ) but your acknowledgement of the mentally ill is spot on.
Simple answer: the Russians invading Ukraine are the monsters.
Spoken like a true socialist!
Maybe they do not want to immigrate but just do their work and go back. The TFW are just doing their job. The onus is on us to decide our foreign policy.
Why do we Canadians have to make such a show about the military fiasco suffered by foreign countries. We were not part of it. When are we going to start thinking of ourselves as decolonized Canadians.
Gee whiz King Freddie.... thanks for clarifying things for all us peons... who elected you... oh I see just, another Harpo stooge!
Or to Israel perhaps? He might want to be close to his buddy Netanyahoo.
So who diagnosed you? Perhaps you should be going to them for your prescription refill rather than wasting the time of the GP who likely has far many more patients with pressing needs that could use his/her help
Interesting. You have concrete proofs of all these statements, of course? Otherwise what are they but your unsupported assertions?
Imagine that: a government organized against the people! At this point, I think we've all had enough of the Harperites.
As we get closer to a balanced budget the cries of 'we've got lots of money give me some' will be come louder and louder.
Oh what a bunch of hogwash....there is one and only one person to blame and that is Hilary Clinton.
The $250B is total federal government spending on *all* programs. More careful reading could have saved you a lot of writing.
Canada's economic future is in the hands of provincial Liberal bagmen, an education facilitator, and a part-time actor and snow-boarder. Sounds rosy doesn't it.
Any American taken prisoner abroad will suffer a sorry fate if this talk continues.
But under your scenario, the single parent who makes $120k would pay more tax than your single-income couple. Would that be fair?
You can quit your job for life at anytime and come compete in the real world, less money and no benefits. There are thousands that would happily take your job in a heart beat. The public sector: insulated from reality.
Our hc system is like the CBC. It's outdated, inefficient, and obsolete. And it's hardly universal. It should be overhauled or even given up and the tax money refunded to the the people who could buy better service on their own
Bit of buyers remorse from the G&M editorial board?
Rumour has it that Julia Roberts has tapped Ford to be her co-star in a sequel to her ?Eat, Pray, Love? blockbuster ........... the working title will be ?Enough to Eat at Home.?
hey if wente can do it and get paid for it then so can anyone - even youhey you are kind of proving my first pointthanks another observation point
Have you noticed how the number of extremist nutbars posting has actually gone up since 'Civil Comments' was installed and the number of moderate postings has gone down? This really isn't working.
Yeah agree if you mean Wall Street-Corporate America Inc. via bought off politicians using Super PACS to pass their agenda. Lets see what Trump can do in the US while this is a good reminder to our politicians to what the people think now.
How is cyber-bullying a thing? Get up and walk away from the computer. Enough said.
Certain drawbacks would include the possibility of having money bills die on the Senate floor causing a chain reaction that would go as far as paralyzing the entire government apparatus.
'two climate scientists who don't accept the propaganda (there are many others and their ranks are going)...'Finagle thy name is perversity.
Yes they should.
Quack. Quack
There are several comments here about large numbers of casualties. Few if any of them provide numbers. Can someone provide reliable, verified numbers about casualties on all sides? Numbers are better than opinions.
'Palestine dictatorships'-- that's rich. Maybe you should up-date your reality from '77' to 2015. And, good luck with that.
Damn lies.
Then move to Moscow since you seem to admire Putinville so much (or are you already there?)
Can we have some arguments to support your thesis? After all, he's only been leader for a week!
I seriously hope that that ship is never 'righted'. Canadians have endured ten years of abuse by a government that held Parliament, democracy and Canadians in contempt.
I dont think they are allowed to use weapons, except in self defence.
the liberals want us to forget the hundreds of canadians murdered by the terrorists protected by the taliban,,, the liberals want us to forget we went and fought for justice,,,
If there is indeed a surplus, let's get the CONS out and redistribute wealth as much as possible! If there isn't a surplus, let's get the CONS out and redistribute wealth as much as possible, as Roosevelt did in 1933.
I meant Shia Saudis.
'Sending a few planes to drop bombs on IS targets in Iraq is not a big deal.'Wow. That would be unless you were an innocent family living nearby and one fell lovingly onto the childrens bedroom. Oops.
And promised to close gitmo during his first campaign. The US just spent $23M expanding the prison.
REFORMACONS are sadly hilarious. They just cant accept people dont want them and their failed ideas and policies ANYMORE.
This column is a great corrective to our western arrogance. We think we know what we don't know. We should celebrate the refusal of the world's cultures to be absorbed into the small world envisioned by the multinationals.
I can remember quite clearly having a sort of epiphany at age 13, where I suddenly realized 'oh....of course... ketchup is disgusting. Why have I never noticed this before?'
The guys and gals on 'your' side aren't part of the 'establishment', silly rabbit 
How do you spell exploitation? This is a disgusting practice that sanctions abuses of fundamental rights and human decency. We cannot continue to condone it.
I'm an Albertan. And I think we should have a provincial sales tax. This article outlines the arguments quite succinctly.
What about a boss that abuses her position? Oh, a reward system. Thanks.
then change it, that's what elections are for, get off the couch.
It matters not what party is in power. I have lobbied PC, Libs and NDP. Some difference in what they say, nought in what they do.
Yes, I'm afraid so.
Harper didn't speak very good French initially either. You can learn. In any event, I'm not sure it matters a great deal.
School prepares students for the world of work. That includes learning what clothing choices are and are not appropriate. Yes, I do dress the same way now as I did in high school: respectably.
Very few women in Iran play soccer so a non-issue. Men in Iran are allowed to wear shorts and t-shirts that are required for soccer, only women cannot who don't compete in soccer anyways there.
Your anti-Christian slur is rather nasty for one who purports to be such a good Canadian. Ever hear of the Charter of Rights?
fact is nothing we can do in Canada is going to change that so we need to be smart about how much money we spend on it. a country heavily in debt is going to be less able to deal with climate change than one that is financially strong.
If M.D.s got $300/Hr. for teeth cleaning there would be doctors' offices on every corner too.
The next few years in Canada will be Tang Niang Kong Lu Qiao .
2/3 of the country didn't vote for Harper .... what majority?
@Hugh McNeilSorry mate. He was one of us, not of you. But that is irrelevant. We are all children of the same Adam, creation of the same God. What binds us in humanity is stronger than what divides us in race.
Truth is spoken!
Guess you meant HAS
The Guardian today: "Brexit could cost ?100bn and nearly 1 million jobs, CBI warns" Hello, tutti ?
He didn't care about the details of Middle Eastern politics, despite some who blame islamic terrorism on M.E politics. He only cared about what they have in common, the basic anti-gay, anti-western values.
Oh yeah, Bill Bennett was such a wonderful Premier. Of course, let's forget about the little ethical lapses - have you heard of Herb Doman?
My reaction... ROFLMAO.All will be okay. The Messiah says 'Sunny Times'!
Loved the bit about the 2.8 million estimated costing. More truth to that than we know.
According to Forbes Pharrell Williams earned $22,000,000 in 2014.
Rather not have those things
Both the Star and the Globe have done gutsy investigative journalism. Since Ford's man David Price knew the whereabouts of the video (or so he told chief of staff Twohey, who then informed the police) perhaps you can ask Ford where it is.
TDM loves SA because of 'democracy promoting' Uncle Sam.
Weregild. Let's bring back weregild, and revenge killings by the victim's family, so that they can get closure. That's where your logic goes. Last I looked, at least in Europe, governments took over this role in the 9th Century.
giving temporary workers citizenship is only the tip of the icebergthen comes family reunificationone worker then brings in mom, pop, sisters brothers, gramps and gram
Why post stupidity like that?
you are a closet idiot
A lesson his son clearly learned in light of his thoughtful, intelligent comments about the Boston bombings that were also made, nearly word-for-word, by the FBI.
The reigning king will not go down without a fight, this is the danger!
Google is your friend ...
The photos look suspicious. The person in question suddenly displays a full cup of beer in his hand, then leaves and the guy one row up moves down to the seat.
How about news not propaganda
This is the Christian equivalent of Sharia Law.
Thank you. I was wrong. Twice. Teddy Roosevelt is the right person. But what he said was: "Speak softly, but carry a big stick."
Google it and 'analyse' it. It's there...
Is not the position the author advocating 'racist' against Danes?
He is talking about Sir Nigel Rodley, not Alex Neve
I don't buy GM food and.... car
If I missed it... quote it. Copy and paste the part of the article where she stated a case for xenophobia being a cause.
Temperance for all! Long live temperance!
Same as with Mr Harper. Vilification is acceptable as long as the target is a conservative, liberals are treated very differently by the media and the snob elitists.
Actually, they aren't making the law, they are following it. Unlike our Prime Minister who swore to uphold the law.
not soon enough...
What's the five hole?
FDionne, That's right. And the people of BC voted for proportional representation but the referendum demanded something like 70% before changing the system. Impossible,
This comment forum is badly broken. It was once the place to go for opinion and public discourse. Now it is unusable garbage. Nice going G&M.
Right on, Dante!
I think that is an over-simplification. Certainly in some countries the term is popularly used to refer to certain types of liberalism, but the meaning of the term can change according to context.
How about people with low incomes, including many pensioners?
Trouble with voting stations they're in institutions run by rightwingers for rightwingers - schools, community centers, churches. That's undemocratic. Voting stations should be on the streets.
Also when you start focusing on something else and are driven, you may start to ignore what is important, the relationship. But sure she can blame it on her 'success'.
Perhaps you think that now that he has won the election the PM should resign? Idiots.
The church can't explain why the innocent kids go first beyond "he works in mysterious ways."
Harper is every bit as bad and worse. Not to mention that's the whole point. Harper should not be attacking provinces to pander to its base.
And neither is living gay. If you're straight, could you live gay? No, it's not part of who you are. Why don't you try it? I always wonder if you deep, down homophobes are secretly wanting what you oppose so vehemently....
She was talking about Trump (as the fascist) and not the populace you voted for him.
You must live in subsidy free metro Vancouver.
Right to life? Interesting.
Well they do have GO Trains that creep out to the suburbs.
http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/british-columbia/b-c-home-of-most-pipeline-safety-incidents-since-2000-1.2253902Northern Gateway is dead !Move on.
I think both Wynne and Hilary Clinton would look nice in orange prison jumpsuits.
Yep - and he was given the dreaded 'NUCLEAR CODES'! Run for your lives! Grab your guns and head for the hills - well, Canadians can just head for high ground.
Where is the flower child granny?? Couldn't she help? Still getting small packages delivered from the RCMP?? Are these TFWs?? They obviously are not members of the federal government labour unions??
I completely agree with your commentary. It?s 2014 and contraception is an essential part of male/female health/lifestyle. It?s an issue one discusses with a medical professional. I wouldn?t let this physician treat me for a pimple on my butt!!!
Hey Broom Closet, I see you haven't seen your doctor yet.
Ah, elitism at its finest.
Most countries finance ministers and senior advisors have passed under the blessed ordination of Goldman Sachs.
Yup everybody should be paid minimum wage including you, and be required to work 50 hours a week. When you get a little older and can't keep up, we'll replace you with a Temporary Foreign worker. More productive - lets do it.
To Pat172:'Ultra Socialist against moderate pragmatists.' At best I'd call that a selective interpretation of reality. At worst a false doctrine. Exactly how most Conservative ideas are being sold these days.
Good point Prog111, we are lazy and incompetent.
And it will start by firing columnists that don't toe the party line? LOL!
Here here. I don't know why it's so hard.
Geography anyone?
Absolutely.
The only one of those I called wrong was the one the Supreme court decided instead of the voters.
Who cares jazzer??? They could call themselves FordNayshun for all I care. Stop being lazy and find the right thread to whine on.
We need an aggressive and assertive leader if we are to outwit the Chinese when it comes to trade deals. We don't have one.
Someone needs to let him know.... it's the 21st century.
Good riddance. At least by quitting, she should not be eligible for severance pay. Hopefully there are no 'under the table' financial deals she has received from the tax-payers for her departure.
Trump also doesn't understand that we're laughing at him. He may realize that tonight.
I shan't miss you, Mr. Martin. I shall no longer support your propaganda with my page-clicks.
Some of the people you speak of have been deafeningly silent on terrorist issues.
You make valid points, so sorry that you got so many thumbs down. Today, if you do not have a PC correct answer to every question, then you are wrong despite asking the right questions.
That is evident: The Conservative Party disenfranchised thousands of Canadians who do not currently live in Canada.
State owned dominated economies rarely work well. Growth comes through a strong competitive market economy where innovation comes through competition, not through central planning.
I was just skiing with a very fit 82 year old, probably fitter than most couch potatoe 50 year olds. Biological and chronological age can be very different so having policies which use chronological age only do not reflect reality.
So PEI, with about 150, 000 people, should have the same representation in the Senate as Ontario, with about 7 million?!? This is what so-called triple E would create. The legislature should represent PEOPLE, not provinces.
I like to imagine the late, great Barbara Frum interviewing her daughter on this topic. She'd make mincemeat out of her.
I'm curious - how do you define 'you elites'?
The US is not a member of the ICC, so the court has no jurisdiction there.
Nope. They are not a lobby group until they, "organize like hell."
Silvershelf aka Tom Smarty Pants - Talk about over-killing an opinion. Like most Liberal progressives, you like to dish it out but you can't take it. Cheers.
most candidates of all parties are very poorly qualified.
This is an invasion that the Europeans are unwilling to resist, and that will fundamentally change their societies for the worse.
Also throw in a lot of offerings that aren't politically correct that actually need to be said so actual discussion and progress can be made to correct a lot of the mistakes and damage countries make through progressivism.
In you opinion that is.
Yeah, thanks for that input, Brad Butts.
I do spare a thought for first responders but not because they have to miss Christmas. Wish I could join them.
Clear Thinker just proved your point, Wotsrite.
If true then Why was candu NOT selected as the technology for the new reactors in the UK? Price of Nuclear power from EDF Hinckley will be >$0.17/kWh.
Step 1: Tell them they will be living in Iqaluit Nunavut. It maybe cold, but it is safer than the place left! Step 2: Wait for someone to accept the offer.
just hang him upside down from the rail. of course a 6 by 6 would be required, not just a fence rail.
So the answer to these problems is a time machine? Okey dokey.
Electricity demand has fallen largely because of the 350, 000 manufacturing jobs that have left the province since the liberals took power in '93.
Ya I guess it's unlawful to not let foreigners vote in our elections or use medical care for free too. What a dumb article.
'Why doesn't she write about the failure of her religion, it's inability to assimilate Canadian values, ...'You mean the way Trinity Western University, Law School does. Too funny!
I agree strongly with the first sentence.
Yes but they come from a superior stock! Is this sarcastic truth too much for the globe to bear? But if it's false I am sure ther will be facts? Yes indeed.
At least 8%. The true believers will accept that the OPP are in on the plot.
Deficits as far as we can forecast!
I don't get why the right in this city is so hepped up on keeping Rob Ford as the figure head of a right wing agenda. He's not very good. Like, seriously folks, he's just not that competent. He's a sideshow. Time to ditch him.
Oh and its nice to see that my earlier post calling Yakabuski out for serving up lightweight drivel got censored.
And being an "Ugly Canadian" isn't possible?
How can someone issuing CO2 death threats to billions of innocent children by marching them to the greenhouse gas ovens of an exaggerated and non-existent crisis not be criminally charged?
But I don't recall the Leave campaign actually running on this basis. And there was no 'flood' of EU workers in the UK -- certain sectors, certain jobs, sure. And facing the same rules as every other worker (including minimum wages).
You can vote for whatever you want. Unless they elected Gods, reality will rule the day, all the same.
Exactly. Even his comments yesterday are nothing new - e.g., Ann Coulter suggested bombing the New York Times.
Fred, I often wonder how Ontario could have fallen down so far, so fast... Then I read one of your posts and it all becomes clear.
Yeah, but most of them are white, right?
It's so nice to be in Kansas Toto.
Indeed, I endorse inexpert, populist common sense to help with the complex technical decisions.
Especially to ungrateful people living in montreal.
And that, boys and girls, is why you should never combine Red Bull with Jagrmeister.
What dignity? Ford? . Never!
No reduction in spending. And no plan to deal with what happens when the LTT winds down, after the condo boom is over.
Harper's followers are ALL sock puppets. Just ask the MP who now sits as an independent!
Exactly. This is where the anger should be focused.
On Nov 8th, Americans will elect either the first female President or the first white nationalist President.
Something substantial should happen pretty soon I'm hoping. We voted for change and the honeymoon is almost over,
Harper doesn't touch any food, cannibal or kitten, unless his taste testers first make sure it is not poisoned. Long Live Queen Harper!
Where's the gold Yats? The Ukraine west of the yet to be decided Russian line of control will be pillaged, debt enslaved and austeritized in short order. They will wish they were Greece.
Not just the military but also the judiciary and government and most of the high level bureaucrats who actually had a clue how to make things work in Iraq.
Please don't go insulting Mr. Ford! He was way above the Liberals.
Hey Bud, I wish life were as simple as you and your answers. Look up 'teaching to the test'-- just a little research -- and you'll see what a disaster that's been.
I like the way you do business
That's a very complex argument, my friend. Occam's razor would suggest Rob just wants a subway. But heck, maybe he is as smart as you give him credit for. If so, all I have to say is 'four more years'.
A thoughtful and thought provoking column. Fortunately we do have children; unfortunately they live 400km from us
"Deniers?" Me? Your handle says that you should know better, but it seems that you don't. I'm trying to get people out of "denial" about the population apocalypse, but it seems not to be part of the Prescribed Narrative.
Get your wallet out... forget that, get your cheque-book out.
Try to keep up. She offers no empirical evidence of a major trend only anecdotes. That is fear mongering.
She writes her interpretation of Canadian views through her thick American lens.
Fate; I think it is too late, we have learned what Harper is all about over the past few years, and there is nothing there that we should want in a prime minister. Mean, nasty and secretive are not popular characteristics.
Are you suggesting that everyone who disagrees with same-sex marriages do so because they all believe same-sex couples to be inferior? I certainly did not and would not make that argument.
Ontario is, and has always been, the largest net contributor to Ottawa, yet we aren't whining. Is Alberta trying to displace Quebec as the whiniest province?
So why don't you get rid of the wasteful Alberta PC party? See if the WR does any better at handling waste?
This applies to all overpopulated regions of the globe !
Interesting dirty swagger, my deleted posts have had some reference to Israel as well.
Rather pathetic journalism !
Boo hoo. His 'contrived corporate crap' is well on it's way to raising a billion dollars in 5 years for the hospital. Like it or lump it, his method is working.
The NDP and Liberals sure did make a mess of Alberta's finances. Time to vote for the fiscally responsible PC. Better yet, I think the Wildrose Party have some pretty good money management ideas. Something about lowering taxes and a trickle down....
We can start on October 19TH.
Funny how different people can come to the same conclusion independently, eh?
Exactly - we do like to actually believe our own propaganda !A ' leader ' ?? NOT ! This article is a mere bureaucracy whine !
Is this your next LAV-for-the-Saudis issue where there is no great issue until the media makes it. This is just a nasty reality of life in the western world.
Yes the students did poorly because all the money went into the paying the teachers and their pension plan. We have created a whole class of millionaire teachers thanks to their pension plan.
Oh well, at least no one in this country is claiming Ted Cruz as our own.
Well, let me guess, you are going to believe that closet economist called Steven "yellow streak down his back, Harper.
I think Kerryday misread it; the email was circulated "before Friday's event" -- but *after* Thursday night's debate...
James123Its OK if you want to dance or hug with bad boys, we liberals are OK with it.
A public official drunk in public is not a personal issue.
Just like our PM.
Not to be too picky, but in Canada the police investigate: the Crown prosecutes.
I suspect they will endorse Trudeau this time. Just a gut feel
Canada?s plan to recall jets from anti-IS campaign is bad move on global stage ?----------...coming from clueless MSM, i think NOT!...
a blind dog could see through this ad-sham
Well you don't see ME wearing make-up, and I'm REALLY cute.
You sound so "reasoned"...and "reasonable" here. Calm. Educated. I will be calm too, when I get a front row seat to the video of your nose being melted off.
Familiarize yourself with Agenda 21. Once you understand what its all about, familiarize yourself with normalization propaganda techniques. And then all of your questions will have been answered. Oh BTW, I'm on your side.
Fine, but you aren't addressing the problem in the article. You can't ignore the situation where so many women are unable to care for their children due to a variety of problems.
Kim's a nut.
Why is it that facts are considered racist?
If true, abject stupidity raises it's head once more.
'Mom' is American speak, 'Mum' is English.
JohnK - spoken like a true Catholic BIGOT and apologist.
More of a fascist, actually. You know - it looks like a duck, walks like a duck and quacks like a duck...
Wow that was a moronic, false, and fatuous summation of what Marx supposedly thought.
Its hard to argue with this - when entire groups of people are statistically over-represented in jail, there's obviously a problem.
It is incredibly naive of you to think that the present government's policies do not affect this process.
You are right, homeopathy has much in common with faith healing. Utter quackery.
You have a dim view of humanity. Seriously, to impugn a whole profession, first and foremost, as money grubbers, does not reflect well of your worldview.
Define that horrible term 'Christians' and why it is so abhorrent to you.
It sucks that people die on their job, but fighting fires isn't even remotely close to being the most hazardous job in Canada. Read page 34 of this report: www.csls.ca/reports/csls2006-04.pdf
Moral of the story: set your Facebook page to 'PRIVATE'.
it is no longer wrong to cite the nazis making the illegal legal when discussing the Harper Reform Lunatic Tories. Are you going to be just like the Germans were, just went along with it?
You should always be able to find an advocate somewhere.
Obama, with Democrat majorities in both the Senate and Congress, he saw no need to seek advice from the Republicans ...he rejected any advice from outside of his political circle... Obamacare is his baby, he owns it.
Show me a farmer who doesn't want a wind turbine on his property, they are a license to make a lot a money, on a small foot print of land
Many of them don't get anything beyond a 'contract' and 'just work'...then they lambaste those who do.
Hopeless clueless liberal
As a student of taxes and a taxpayer for over 45 years, it is clear to me that anyone who claims that carbon taxes or cap and trade can change climate is either naive or dishonest.
Rob, Please use the correct term - WAGS.
Liberals always know best how to spend your money.
'Albertans are afraid of the rest of Canada...'Pardon?Having seen an influx of 1 million people from the 'rest of Canada' in just over 15 years, that statement reeks of anti-Alberta bigotry. And so do you.
Easy to say when you don't live on a reserve and where childhood welfare services are more generously funded. When it comes to reserves, the funding is between 22-34% less than what non-Native communities receive.
I expect Mr. Trudeau will demand anyone wishing to run for office under the Liberal banner will be forced to disavow this theory. Such provocative thinking on matters which have surely been settled have no place in the tent.
Yes, good point about a fourth Conservative term being unlikely, based on how the political pendulum usually swings from one end to another as the years go by. Good news everyone; the pendulum won't stay on Trudeau's side forever.
The liberals have been buying them for over a hundred years.
and inexperienced...
I doubt it....not in print at least. He will be shallow and rhetorically measured, parsing every word and phrase..
be careful Elizabeth, the disciples do not have a sense of humour :-)
time to cancel my Globe subscription. my comments, which are not inflammatory whatsoever are consistently being 'moderated' out. whatever happened to free speech?
If anyone truly thinks either the Conservative Party or Liberal Party are more corrupt than the other, you're just another hopeless partisan.
George, not to start another kind of language debate, but English has spread because of the extreme simplicity of its grammar and syntax. It has all the nuance and precision of a shapeless blob.
And just what business are these 'immigrants' going to start - falafel shops?
CRA are not interested in the Puffy, they are too busy pursuing, dog groomers, and student waitresses.
Marvy - another of the sincerely ignorant and conscientiously stupid. You ignore clear evidence and persist in complacent stupidity.
...even if you are all about sovereignty, roots and self determination?
Strange -- I don't recall our immigrant ghetto car-burning riots.
Can't agree Malumba, I find some of her reasononing quite uncatholic
Kind of like this forum, right? All I see is endless outrage here.
The west engineered regime change in Ukraine and tried a takeover there, sparking a civil war. Talk about empire building, this could just as well be Merkel's Fourth Reich.
Looks as if the Khadr fan club is out in force!
I don't think most Canadians agree with you.
Cool the market by scapegoating foreigners. We're talking 5% of buyers at most. Well done. This will do nothing but collect a tax on foreigners.
some very good columns of late.
memories of Marion Barry in Washington D.C. repeating itself here- I wonder if we will still re-elect Ford anyway if it is true?
The expression 'Discovery Math' is a misnomer, of course. It's actually misleading to think of it in those terms.
A mature person writing mature opinions. Wouldn't that be a nice change.
Yup, 4 yrs. for beheading and eating a young individual on a Greyhound bus. Oh, but you say it's all torque? Hmmmm... interesting.
She will be impeached if she sneezes!
"Anti-semite." The new Godwin's Law.
Crowns routinely overcharge, and use the threat of continuing to proceed by indictment to pressure an accused to plead guilty. Unless you think you know more than David Doherty, steve_d1.
The cost to families of the mentally is huge. This needs much more attention, too. What can FAMILIES do when mentally ill refuse to acknowledge their illness? We can't force treatment on the ill ... so how do we all cope better?
LOL. Your comment reminded me of the story of the young girl who went to church and heard the hymn, "Sadly the Cross-eyed Bear".
40 years career. Good Article but he looks in not knowing why. Michael Bell has no way of knowing why Dion made the statements unless someone tells him... Not in the mood today.
Sleeping Sickness: A W5 investigation into the sudden rise in childhood narcolepsy
I know of multiple companies - no more than 1000 employees each - where the executives get paid child care Those are like $50M companies. Canada has a $500B balance sheet.
Crashing... yet another wedding!
Okay, I googled Moerbrugge.//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MoerbruggeI have no idea what it signifies to you.
I am saying a diverse Supreme Court encompasses the entire spectrum of Canadian society, including those considered "right thinking" or "fiscally conservative" - diversity is not exclusive to the outspoken leftwing fringe.
Please, this time don't blame on it on the lawyers !! Residential real estate fees would be nominal or at least should have been .
Dasman : I know.. I only throw that in there, as there is also a stream in Canada that associates the 'socialist' Nordic countries with a republican egalitarianism... Which is not true.
And yet the Harper government that you love so much has ramped up arms sales to that repressive society.
Tom Steyer is an aggressive global warming advocate. That sort of makes him left wing.
Who let you in? Do you know .Because you were not even born at that time .
Palestinians may indeed defend themselves. Until they are serious about ending the rocket terror and their claim to the land from river to the sea, however, they will remain undeserving of the right of living in peace
Don't hold your breath........
'Well, now he has accused Toronto Star reporters not only of pathological lying and maggotry, but of paedophilia.'Ha, like they are not, TRUTH HURTS doesn't it
You are very out of touch with reality weird world. Of course Alberta collects royalties. Hence the Heritage Fund.
Just imagine, what the bleeding hearts will do, when Trump implements his ideas. Of course, Canada will be a big and necessary casualty.
Anybody who buys fast food, or uses convenience stores was fully aware of the results of the TFW program. The only difference from sweatshops in Bangladesh or China was that it was in our faces every time we alked into those businesses.
Even Bill Maher is talking about the gay mafia. One of the core tenets of Western society is free speech and the right to hold different views. Not though when it comes to gays - you either agree with their views, if not they'll try and destroy you
For JT to succeed, the LPC needed to take a clear stand against the mission. Why? 1. JT is not a traditional Liberal - he is a progressive idealist (his heart is not in it)2. JT does not have the political chops to fake it
Forcing the accused to testify by fiat would be akin to throwing a weighted down accused witch into a river as they did centuries ago. If she rises to the top she is innocent. If she drowns she is guilty.
@z55man ? I can't imagine where you get the idea that Yakabuski is Jewish. Moreover, your assumption about the political leanings of "most" Jewish people is bizarre. How about you go explain your theory to Benjamin Netanyahu.
Because that's where the voters of Ukrainian, Polish, Chinese, Korean, Romanian, Bulgarian, Hungarian, Slovakian, Czech, Slovenian, Croatian etc etc descent are.
Actually a year from now his politics and propaganda machine will be in overdrive. The Wile E. Coyote moment is anticipated (eagerly, by most Canadians) in 19 months time.
sure thing chicken little.
Military boots on the ground overseeing 'democracy' passes the sniff test in your world?
Exactement. Out here in Lotus Land you would be hard pressed to find anything other than an SUV, CUV or other modern machine anywhere. The mouth and the feet are moving in two different directions.
Faustus. Chavez suppressed the opposition and rigged the vote. My comments about Chavez have nothing to do withy Canada or Canadian politics.
Liberals never tell the truth. I thought everyone knew that already.
'sorely missed' where were you in the 1990's? Not in Ontario i'm guessing.
There always seems to be an agenda instead of reporting hard facts. Reminds me of how people are so unhealthy now, yet somehow our age of dying just keeps going up!
Wow ...Everyone here covered all the issues. My favourite Chinese Restaurant in Kingston is entirely TFW. They all look so scared . I guess as one writer said... if you suspect that is the case ...just don't eat there any more. :(
....while fawning over a country that must remain unnamed, that has over 3000 coal burning plants.
What they have in common is they have recent liberal arts degrees...
NETNUB: jsut out of curiosity, when did your bosses in the Tory war room give those links to try to deflect the fact that this announcement is pure politics? Nobody's buying it.
A walk-in clinic is not a family doctor, no matter what they advertise. Trust me, I've done both. There's no comparison.
Perhaps people who've taken one economics course should take their heads out of their textbooks, from time to time. As one prof I had in a grad seminar said, "Dick Lipsey is proof that you can be well known in economics without ever being right."
If Junior's last name was Smith, we would never have heard about him. It is only because Daddy was PM - let's be honest about it...
All those ROC Superior minds fins only way to deal with Quebecois is to demonize them. They are lower ranked citizens without enough brain power!
MammaB, better late than never. But those who are noticing the extra-repressive laws towards homosexuals didn't seem to notice or care about the pre-existing repressive laws towards all. Sounds like a double double-standard.
Women are better for the economy, have you ever been to a mall?
Prorogue, disbanding all party committees, omnibus legislation numbering hundreds of pages, cheating in elections, rewriting the elections act -- grow up Oakville. It's time to speak of serious things.
Although correct, these arguments are much too complex for the minds of conservatives. Perhaps you can restate them more simply in a coloring-book format?
None of the three are good choices.
The HarperGovernment is reasonable in the same way that Rob Ford was reasonable, for a crack head.
We have traitors in our midst.
Were you aware that there is a race called Mainland Chinese? People get called racist for the damnedest of reasons.
Your opinion is extreme. I'm no fan of those two, but they don't qualify as extreme left-wing. Extremely incompetent, yes, but not extreme left-wing. More like, 'ideological nutbars'.
Every ruling so far says that she is following the laws of Canada, it is Harper's government that isn't.
Gobs. How big is a gob? Is it less than 2% of what Canada emits annually?
In my opinion, absolute nonsense.
GB. I don't think that Rex is a full-time CBC employee.
Then you need to beg USNY to enforce that ... I can guarantee you they wont, even you lend 3 of your courages to them.
Not really, Jews weren't engaging in jihad.
The number 1 drug problem in Canada: alcohol.
The article does raise one interesting point. It seems the damage Chretien has done to Canada predates the 62 cent dollar, expensive cancelled contracts, etc.
That's not necessarily true.. you can vote for an individual, it just means its also a vote for that individuals party... just as now.
But then it would be ringette....
Media attention has drifted away from this story for one simple reason - reporting that neo-fascist Russian imperialists have invaded eastern Ukraine isn't news it's an accepted fact (everywhere in the civilized world, at least).
The sooner Harper leaves the scene the better!!!!
~the 70's are over~Better still: the '70s are over.
"From what I read, the vast majority are left alone." I.DON'T.THINK.SO, madame! Try reading something else besides Alex Jones
Year, but that speaks of guns, and muscles... Canadians do not want to pay for that.
I am a small 'c' conservative. But I cannot and will not vote for a party that engages in such egregious stupidity and bullheadedness.
In a way to be concerned about your safety yes. To be left wing quite often is to champion those who would want to kill you.
So you want to take the guys money from him to spend it on causes you deem worthy? Put your own money up
Chimp, Please review...'' If it's wrong, it's wrong for both men and women.'' Again - if it's wrong, it's wrong.
i would like to see your evidence... media commentary not accepted
'...should be applauded by the rest of Canada...'in the next 10 years, COUILLARD will be 'your' Prime Minister of Canada
Saul Alinsky would be very proud of Mr. Martin
Today is a day of mourning for Wynne leftists have they no shame they are still hear thumbing down pro Hudak posts
@spiderwoman13 - I take it you're an older white female? Because that IS also the point.
@EricI don't think you understand the premise of taxation. Thanks for playing and feel free to try again ...
When will Corporations provide their sunshine list?
This whole thing sounds like the basis of a Simpsons or South Park episode.
The only way to control it is for fans to stand up and point out to security those that go over the line. It's a shame that people can't enjoy the game in a civilized manner.
No, these are Canadians of all stripes calling it as they see it.
Both the Jews and the Palestinian Arabs are Semitic peoples, equally indigenous to these territories.
What part of 'WE HAVE NO DEBT' do you not understand.
Why do you think that is? 'Because feminism!!!!' isn't an acceptable answer.
Poor reading and reporting skills. You left out the part where he saved the daughter.
Well said EIHC, although that would not explain why the show was taken off the internet.
Do people in NY laugh at LA when you mention they have street cars? Yeah.........riiiiiiiiiiiiiiight.BTW, subways are not financially viable everywhere.
Quite right: Russia invaded Ukraine and that's the only thing these trolls keep trying to obfuscate.
with respect, far too many of those 'intelligent, articulate' members of the conservative party do themselves a disservice by demonstrating neither quality.
I was wondering when the estate of Marvin Gaye was going to thank Thicke for the royalites
Absorbed by the sun... happier?
Harper stimulated the economy and rsn up a deficit. Classic left-wing economic policy.
'''...anti-choice...'''Get a vocabulary.
Yes, yes, and according to the Clinton campaign, I would imagine that 100% of the statements made by her political opponents are false. In other news...
It will allow Irving to ship refined oil to Europe and LNG to Germany. It will probably be the only Seagate available for tar sands other than shipping to Brownsville.
Agreed. Well said.
You do know that the 'op' part in 'op-ed' stands for 'opinion', right?
America's wealthy cannot afford to overcome or even ameliorate the suffering of their fellow Americans . Right.
It appears you come from a parallel timestream there, Ventner.
@John Yossarian: 'layperson(s)'
Bias here, of course, After all, this is filed under 'Opinion' not 'News'.
Self Service versus Public Service: As a point of contrast, Ed Broadbent post-retirement: International Centre for HUman Right and Development and a stint at the Univesity of Oxford.
I couldn't agree more.
That your lawyer will provide you with a cheat sheet on the' Canadian Values' you have to pass.
Attack Ads are so un-Albertan, that province so full of nicecow-people. Harper and his Ad friends are so un-Chinook.Canada must clean out the Harper stables very soon!
Lets face facts. Had the US not decided to become independent from GB - Canada wouldn't exist.
Is this a new Hamas talking point? Someone else posted the same thing, with the words slightly changed, earlier under another name.
C'mon. You can do better than that.
How about her song..'Little by Little' , it is more apt
It's very touching to read that the Globe and Mail has so much concern for the people of Venezuela. Such deep sincerity is bound to tug at the heart strings of its readers. Sorry for being so brief but I have to go have a good cry.
Sorry, but Nuland was recorded admitting this.
You can speak to your country's leaders and the leaders of nearly every other nation about this terminology. They got together back in the '90s and decided this should be THE definition, it wasn't decided by scientists. Catch up with times.
Do you even know what ISIS is?
What part of 'no means no' do these authors and their supporters not understand? This proposed project is not good for BC and cannot be made good.
No need to get nasty scrimbor. You're starting to sound like a liberal. Don't know A_K. Ask scrombor. He seems to be conflicted.
Sure... that's why Harper and MacKay were so committed to replacing them with F-35s. Well, until they weren't...
I'm very disappointed in the G&M NOW.
If the NDP need a Harvard economist with Bay Street experience as prospective Finance Minister to get elected, they might as well change their name to the New Conservative Party.
You are wrong. There is no change to the level of existing oversight.
Get off your high horse yourself please.
Methinks your golden idol clearly lacks substance and persistence of vision.
wrong, you are typical of the problem in canada, this is not a federal responsibility , we dont need more government
Spot on with both remarks. Something really stinks in Harperland.
15 thumbs down and I bet not one read the article, which shows that some AGW proponents are wondering if they have been wrong !
Nice analogy Georgia. now that you mention it is is rather similar.
Good catch. If the first words had read "Glad you used to find it funny" I would be correct. Of course everything else I wrote is accurate.
Could you stand in front of an immigration Judge or any other judge in a Ski Mask? I don't think so!
Strategic voting in this election should have two aims - first to rid this country of the Harper Plague, and secondly to ensure that NO majority government is ever given power in Canada again.
In jail for what?
and they were absolutely correct my socialist friend.
Atta boy Dougie....another Liberal steps up carrying the democracy torch and callsfor and out and out ban on commentary when the warts show through the makeup.
I know. Sometimes I confuse myself.
'Most people are clueless when it comes to how their political system runs'is this what you think of Canadians???
Well the university system is also terrible as it is
I'm pretty sure his day is OK.
Oh, c'mon.... she speaks for the twin-set and pearls demographic, and the G&M doesn't have much of anyone else to represent them.
Sorry but Canada is full of intolerant people. We are just like any other Western society. This is no Angel hangout.
The election isn't until November. Are we going into an era of perpetual election campaigns where nothing substantial is ever accomplished? (Too late I suppose...)
You must be really worried, your usually a Harper cheerleader.
Even though Israel builds on their land and bullies the farm community at will. Apartheid.
Attack ads on Trudeau: Asked what they liked about the ads, six per cent found them humorous or funny, six per cent thought they were truthful, four per cent felt they were informative and three per cent believed they showed Trudeau's inexperience.
How long before the PMO puts the kibosh on Ms. Gelfand's office?...
And if that language is English, part of learning it involves mastering the use of possessive pronouns.
I shouldn't have to pay for your kids through my taxes either, but somehow, I do. Is that fair?
DW, have you no venom for JC and the boys who signed Kyoto and then did absolutely nothing? What happened to you progs that has made your memories so selective? And how can we be "so far behind" in a fairy tale?
That attitude resulted in the US quality of life.
True enough and off course no one wants to talk about this.
Huh. Guess the moderators didn't like my joke about the Easter Bunny coming. Bet I wasn't the only one who made it . . .
Unless Wynne is proposing transit improvements across the province, it is horrible unfair (but not surprising, coming from her) that the rest of the province should pay for Toronto's improvements.
Harper's sins are Chretien's fault? That's a new one.
I think both camps have been strengthened. However, I seriously hope it won't go the way like American politics, where you'll have 45% going very hard one way, 45% very hard the other way, and 10% kind of wishy washy.
I've generally found on these boards those opposed to the government tend to be most vocal so I suspect you will see those who hate whomever is in power on them the most.
Cell phones don't have hard drives.
Or the US, especially the US. Russia and China might threaten, the US has done.
Apologists like rbfromcalgary (aka "friends of Harper") are enemies of our democracy. They lack the confidence and morals to win fairly so they cheat. Or in the case of people like rb, they condone cheating.
Only in Canada can you be a racist for wanting one law, everyone treated equal, and no special rights and privileges based on race.
The biggest ' Oppss ' is going to come when Donald gets elected and appoints a special prosecutor.
And yet politicians who don't seek social licence are 'ramming it down our throats' and 'ought to take it to referendum'
@James123: '.. a fellow who had an eye for attractive women'. Don't we all
a nonsensical quote indeed! Who is she speaking to? The general G&M readers or Canadian Muslims? I, for one, as an agnostic don't follow any nonsense about facing God's wrath...
Ford did not directly say Daniel dale was a P he did not use the P word he meant Peeping Tom only besides he did not accuse he only WONDERED without any certainty without the Star's money you think Daniel will take this to court?
Fifteen years that include (once again) the warmest decade in the climate record, along with rapid growth in extreme (and extremely destructive) climate events. And things are just beginning to warm up...
Although Canada is doing better financially than any other country on the planet?
Please stay away.
And here's the punch line......all these efforts are meaningless because we, as a country, are less than 5 percent of the greenhouse gas problem. Hopefully, these clowns at queens park are booted out in two years or less!
Rubbish headline and column. Expect a lot better than this from a Globe contributor. The writer should apply for a job with Fox News or with the Republican party. Pitiful.
LOL... that's pretty entertaining... my presumption is you are being facetious. Everyone certainly can do well... effort in school, a little less time 'hanging out', a little more time working etc etc.
Sadly, Chris, on this issue they kind of are.
Sorry, Sarah. Poll: Black voters fueling rise in Trump supporthttp://www.washingtonexaminer.com/black-voters-fueling-rise-in-trump-support/article/2602140
Maybe the best weapon is to contribute to other parties so the Conservatives' war chest is not twice the size of everyone else's.
@mareeand the stat's do not tell us that most men rape, only you. Sexual Assault is it's lowest ever, that is what the stats say. Only you are saying it's most men.
Why don't people like DOUG SAUNDERS and his fellow do-gooders put money where the mouth is Provide a room in their basement for a refugee family Canada will take as many as there are rooms in basements of do-gooders
I don't say anything The press does : More than half of arrested protesters didn't vote : http://www.kgw.com/news/local/more-than-half-of-arrested-anti-trump-protesters-didnt-vote/351964445 'nuff said.
Excellent analysis. Thank you.
Makes me ashamed of my fellow countrymen when they do not even pretend to be unbiased.
'Ms. Spence simply turns and walks away if & when she's questioned too closely.'How is this any different than Harper?
Nice column - more balanced and thoughtful than about 90% of what I've read about Trudeau.
Riddle: Why does THATcher keep posting drivel? The answer: It is all he is capable of
That's been my experience Malaspina.
Shouldn't it be about outcomes? How much has the global climate changed as a result of BC's action? We are talking about symbolic political gestures to make na?ve people feel better.
After working 46 years in medicine....no pension other than the RRSP... still working.
Well.........duh!
I once got an eMail that had a naughty word in it. Perhaps our wise masters in government should check all our eMail before it's delivered, so that nobody will be upset by naughty words.
One World Government? Oh dear, you have been listening to those right-wing American radio talk show hosts a lot lately, eh? Watch out for those black UN helicopters!
Libertarian, hmm? Brings to mind that ol' bromide, "Give me liberty or give me death" Could be a self-fulfilling prophesy...
The dirty secret of French immersion is that most of the teachers are utterly unqualified in French let alone math or science.
" That so many people can overlook lying, cheating, unethical behaviour, fraud, and a host of other legal wrongs of this party because they're afraid of people who look different amazes me. " - you mean the Lieberal Party of Ontario?
Harper only said 'it speaks for itself'. How is that a criticism. I think he's leaving it to the public to decide how they feel about a P.M. who admits to breaking the law, then voting in favor of legalizing it; not very responsible if you ask me.
Lick - Ont., Que., BC - all incompetent, corrupt, wasteful...... your point??
Seem to be a lot of 'white guys' around and in charge...
Bad A** people seem to be the problem
Good luck with that. I expect a Conservative surge, if anything. Man the Conservative Lifeboats. The Liberal Ship is Lost.

Ruth must be having one right now, because she's evidently lost her mind.
the robo-cons are?
Most workplaces are now hives.
There will be a General Election.
Funny, taking a direct quote like, 'semi-literate people from the tribal cultures of the Middle East or Africa,' gets your post removed.
FactchkAnd we are all losing. The private sector more than we are. They are not indexed because the National Citizens Coalition yelled when a fund, under-funded deliberately developed a deficit. Do you trust government?
Most retirees are net takers when you factor in health care costs which most people never do. At age 80 it's 18K per year on average for health care spending plus the OAS.
Tormaine postulates 'now you believe man was derived from a monkey. i see you've evolved'.It's my understanding that conservatively speaking there were several species of monkeys on the ark :)
Summary: You think it's ok to quote virtually an entire newspaper article except for a paragraph you don't agree with. I don't.
P. Logan - absolutely perfectly said.
Considering that she apparently oozing evil (according tho the Right), Putin doesn't stand a chance!
The west has killed more than the Muslims have. The Muslims in their countries have more to fear. They may be attacked by the world's most powerful country. Desolation but never a win, ever.
As a former P.C. voter I couldn't agree with you more.
So what's the lesser of two evils. Listen to the guy who through some form hokey magic claims to speak for god, or the guy who thinks that he is one? That's a no win situation right there.
What I don't get, why the G&M is reprinting it (and ostensibly paying for it)?I'm waiting to see a counter-point, e.g. a commentary from say the father of one of the dead soldiers who did nothing to deserve to die?
Good points. Maybe it means giving government grants to your friends?
Ah...she did get voted in.
You're right... you're stunned.
Ok, three strikes you're out. Take a basic tax course. Educate yourself before posting.
SourceCheck: The 15% rule was scrapped in 2013.
And still voting for liberals provincially!
As a matter of face, insults ARE violence - psychological violence. Victims of same can suffer from crippling psychological damage and pain. We are not just physical beings.
you just found the answer to the root causes, go like into a mirror.
Shell-shocked, maybe ...
They have the right to privacy. It's totally up to them if they want to inform the electorate or let the electorate make its own conclusions.
Trumps long-winded speech reminded me of what his name means in English schoolboy English - a loud flatulent noise guaranteed to make people giggle.
5treeYour opinion is very important to me. :)
Agreed. A good resource to flesh this out: http://www.independent.org/publications/tir/article.asp?a=484
I would like more taste, please. I don't mind if they turn brown - then we make applesauce (well, not too brown).
Us white folks have a home continent as well, not The America's, but Africa. I don't feel like moving to a continent I've never lived on, why would black people want to do that same thing?
Paul45 Not to mention that Russia and China are on board. ------- the interests of Russia and China and those of the West are not the same Only Leftists in the west and obama would think so
Sylvester, why must you commit suicide in a catholic hospitalthere are other hospitals, go therethen you will be happy and the catholic hospital toosimple solution
Woodburn, First, it is quite evident from your comments that you obstinately refuse to understand that ALL topics lead us back to Harper. Second, ALL bullying and ALL militarism are ALWAYS the fault of the neo-cons.
Go Green - the mainstream parties are corrupt...
A wonderful article Mohamed that is Canadian as anything. Peace be unto you.
Sort of like the TTC workers, eh?
Some street drugs are laced with speed. I can tell the difference immediately. Another reason to legalize pot and take the production and distribution away from the criminal gangs.
Mike has a point: if you are dying from cancer, why not get wrecked? Enjoy your final days a little more.
What is Justin Trudeau's and Thomas Mulcair's stance on Harper's speech?
Looking to get back in power, as quickly as possible, makes one swallow their principles. Signed,The Alberta PC Party.
And many Canadians are trying to survive....yes....survive on "pocket change"
Please read Federalist No. 46, written by John Madison, if you're wondering why the founders desired an armed citizenry.
Check your calculations on the price paid per kilowatt hour - might be out a decimal or two.
In fact the LPC reach first for the track shoes rather than face Canada's Francophobes.
Merkel? How much time do you honestly think she has in Germany. Who cares what that traitorous scumbag thinks. She flushed her country down the toilet.
jbwilson24 2 days agowhat country do you live in?Modern day Canada. You apparently live in 16th century France. Mercantilism has been dead for centuries.
You mean to say that there is no corruption if governments run things???
It looks like Mr Simpson didn't know quite what to say. The 'veto' thing is straight out of Harper's playbook.
Do you mean Lester B. Pearson (also known as Mike)? Not being snarky but don't know of any Mike pierson.
I hope that Quebec has turned the corner and takes a path of economic prosperity within the Canadian family. It is such a beautiful province with such a rich history.
there are no tar sands Les.....tar is a manmade product....there are oilsands however ,big difference bud
I watched one of the republican debates last night. There were much more reasonable people on the stage than him, even if I didn't find myself agreeing with any of them.
She should have used the title:'Please read my article, pretty please, with strawberries on top'
Maybe the word "too" should be appended to the phrase??
the PMO wrote nothing... Wright wrote a personal cheque - annotated 'senate expenses.......'liar, liar, pants of fire..........
Let's do the same about any other industry in this country, like the auto industry or big Pharma.
Back when you had to walk 15 miles to school, in 3 feet of snow, uphill both ways?
I agree. So how come the Liberals were still allowed to continue wrecking Ontario?
One person asks: give me an example. The example is provided, and the response is "see, they're foaming at the mouth." If you set the bar for behavior so low, than anything is okay.
Put me down for the second.
His haircut and specs do remind one of a certain notorious former chicken farmer.
What are talking about? Look at the graph that documents human CO2 emissions in the following article, it resembles a hockey stick. www. meteor.iastate.edu/gccourse/alumni/chem/carbon/text.html
Baloney. Congratulations. Your PhD diploma is in the mail. Corporations have employees, shareholders and customers and act in the best interests of all of them. Get a real job, try plumbing or truck driving.
That chance was blown from the minute she was ratted out by Linda Tripp. She might as well be an advocate for anti-shaming. Good for her.
Truth hurts eh?
Sounds like you don't read the Calgary Herald. It's very left wing other than for a few columnists.
Trudeau is an embarrassment for CANADA!
Point taken, Ms. Wente. What do you have to say about doctor's average pay, $340K, bank presidents, over $10million, senators, $130K? A little less cherry picking should be in order.
Why the special interest in Melania? It seems to be an unhealthy obsession.
Speaking from experience? ha ha ha
They have had many apologies and huge amounts of $$$$ And I think the $$$$ is what it really comes down to, if they get on with life the money might stop.
My side won. Yours lost. The whining is from the very people who said Trump would never win.
Wow, 3P, you have contempt for gays AND women. Kind of narrows things down for sexual partners, doesn't it?
The media are on another planet and have yet to observe reality on earth.
One thing is sure, this law isn't going to fix anything. Go after the guy for his strident tone all you want, but it doesn't change the reality this is a bad bill.
Gary Mason is a full time shill for right wing causes working under the guise of a 'journalist' at the G&M. His opinions are appparently provided to him by his political masters.
No, they claim it. At least Harper and my MP do.
I'm unclear......how is paying someone else's debt wrong? Morally or legally. You do understand wright GAVE money... he didn't TAKE anything
With all due respect, LiveInOttawa, LoveTheLeafs (my husband too), you're probably a mite optimistic on both counts - Harper and the Leafs.
How are children lifted out of poverty by this? Ridculous.
It's because 'we' mostly send other people's sons and daughters to do the dying. Bring back conscription and see how eager the population is for war.
Marijuana distribution is a crime by federal law. No province can legalize it without their consent.
This is true. The rural areas, on the other hand.....
I've never heard of a shortage of liberal arts graduates. The only people I ever hear supporting liberal arts are the people involved in delivering that education... the people whose jobs depend upon students signing up for their classes.
Chretien and his Sponsorship Lieberals were too bust stealing our money and playing golf rather than do trade deals. Now we have Justin whose agenda is for Canadians to smoke pot and be happy.
The Right Honourable Stephen HarperThank you for your service
out of work oil guy are you....?
Even that would be better than this garbage. My patience for these Murkans that are too clever by half has run out.
Hurrah !! At least some can post the last sentence !![ 'Disabled' ?? ]
he simply wants to ruin Canada so we become part of his One World Order... and trudeau supports him
The journalist should do a little self-analysis and read George Marshall's Don't Even Think About It: Why our brains are wired to ignore climate change. It would work well on all of the anti-intellectual crowd.
Harper censored all scientists, a far greater offense, and basically got a free pass.
Then live with your political correct hair shirt.
No, and if we would respect and enforce these laws, or even prosecute war criminals, there would be very little armed conflict in the world.
Right on Willad87
Wynne, Lizz Sandals, and the TDSB still blame Mike Harris for problems in the education system of Ontario. He was a gift that keeps on giving for the left. Your grandchildren will be told of boogie-man Harper by future Liberals.
So your belief trumps his then? Isn't this what this whole argument is about? Belief? If you believe he has no degrees come up with such evidence?
Take a page from Andrew Coyne's book, Mr. Walmsley.
Very good point. However, money talks and there is a lot of it on Saltspring
The reputation of Toronto was destroyed with Both Lastman and Miller! A $140,000/yr office for Climate Change in London England ?More like a laughing stock of a City!
Seth is having one of his 'moments', Mike.
As much as I dislike most of what shaunnarine posts, it at least makes Wente look good.
exactly.....sowell hits the nail on the head
Trudeau's top advisor, Omar Abrakadabdra, is Saudi.
No wonder this government keeps making cuts to the CBC. Obviously trying to silence them for their own good.
Did you bother reading the column?
then there's 'what you must'
Totally. I'm amazed that NOBODY seems interested in this basic, basic approach. Geez, people! Try something! Try anything! This isn't swabbing a mop around the floor. Cleaning hospitals requires very extreme, very high quality expertise.
Modi is not a Brahmin - he's a 'low caste' person actually. Muslims love to engage in caste-baiting, which is part of the reason they often cultivate backlash against themselves.
So you think racism is linked exclusively to political parties too? Really? This is why minorities tell all white people, you don't get to define what is racism.
You see....its the Americans fault. Thanks for clearing that up for me Chris.
You really don't get it, do you Patwant- or you choose not to. Do you actually read the articles that you comment on?
Agreed. Good post. The media was too busy calling Trump a racist and a misogynist to bother looking at the other deeply flawed candidate and they also missed the urge for change which was obvious to most of us.
Soon they'll be responding to dead car battery calls.
'but the east-west line is a nation-building exercise that will help ensure OUR god-given wealth does not remain in the ground'Someone should tell mulrony the resources belong to the province
DukeWell stated.
Gee (can I call you that?), I stopped "working" when I was 45 and have been running around on my home runs since then. You?
'So you, a white male, consider yourself the chief arbiter of what is sexism to women or what 'real sexism' is? You. Are. Clueless.'I'm female, and consider myself a feminist, as many of my other comment history will show. Just not an extremist one.
Enlighten me Rick. List one concrete act that Layton did that really made a difference in Harper coming to power.
Ok, but the hockey game is out, can only handle so many millionaire phoneys at one time.
And people are also lining up to be police officers, fire fighters and EMS.
All true, except sex with a minor, however irrelevant to Alton Sterling's killing, is not a 'low-level offence'.
Valid question / accurate point.
I really doubt you stats. Everyone I spoke to in China during my five years there knew smoking was bad for health and I travelled extensively
I agree with Haligonn.
'We got our country back.' Really? I suggest you reserve such hyperbolic rhetoric while we wait to hear and feel the price for sunny ways.
No I didn't say that. Did you actually read my post? Were you able to understand it? Shall I use smaller words?
I see you got one thumb up, it not considered good form to vote for yourself. But then, since no else ever does.....
thing in common ... they destroy fish life?
or going to ukraine
The commenters above have nailed it. This is a duplicitous government, one that lacks courage to even do the right thing, let alone do what was promised. Led by a poseur who shadow-boxes children. As the Queen would say, 'Please'.
If you can only equate Margaret's column to wealth and social classes then you will never be a happy person, I can only feel sorry for you.
Why won't God heal amputees?
yes KimJong confuses attack ads with Harper talking .................... its not likely an honest mistake
The only person with the capacity to keep up with an MR-led drinking game is the guy who chugged a mickey of vodka in 2 seconds while stopped at a traffic light.
What do you disagree with in her article? Calling it 'bunk' doesn't help your point of view.
Iran has not vowed to nuke Israel. You're full of brown and smelly.
If Carly Fiorina truly wants to destroy Planned Parenthood, she should become its CEO.
A fine example of the drivel that these days passes as analysis of Russia. Instead of analyzing the last speech, should look into the whole evolution of Russia over last 25 years. The changes are remarkable.
Let's do nothing then. Let's just drop oatmeal and updated annotated Korans on them.
The more things change.............. the more they stay the same.
The CBC is nothing more than a taxpayer funded mouthpiece for the left. Without taxpayer money, the CBC would be gone in a month.
Your tinfoil hat is too tight.
No, fact-based. The ROC has been screwed over by Quebec for too, too long. Time for all the parties in Confederation to be equal . . . not some more equal than others.
@Campeau.le.crapaud. On YOUTUBE= Alouette, gentille alouette- alain le lait (w/ Engl. Subt.)
Antiquate?
They will look great in Orange jump suits
HEAR, HEAR!
Angry? No. But propaganda annoys me so I added details you deliberately left out.
It is called following the constitution. Certain powers are federal and certain are provincial. Nowhere does it specify that the centre of the universe is Toronto.
The men accused deserve justice too.
I was ok there - my grade school training in Parisian French really paid off. Victor Vachcon, le grande voleur de pommes.
He dolls it up with high fallutin' words, but this guy is really just a fascist and a warmonger.
For a newspaper that committed that abject editorial act favouring the Cons on election eve, this is refreshing, JS.
Shhhh....cons can't take it when their true contradictions show through!
Lots of people STILL live in apartments above stores. They can be reasonably priced and quite nice.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9WFVhe1Eqb4
The right wing rednecked bigot comments are really nice though.
Paranoia strikes deep. You sound like a Communist intellectual thirty years ago. Given the choice, who would you trust more? An American or a Russian?
In other words governments need to grow a pair.
Great piece. Unfortunately, don't hold your breath.
He's not hairy enough.
I've always considered Ms. Klein's work fiction !
It may be just a little premature to say that 'Westerners' are not targets of ISIS.
If the Liberals can pad their Liberal friends bank accounts with a two day limo ride... just imagine how much the Liberal friends will milk us with a $1.5 billion spending spree. Liberals back in power is just like harvest time for Liberals.
So he is now a Canadian!
Lobbyists have no place in making policies. They are not elected.
Why don't you tell that to the next firefighter, police officer or paramedic you see? Or do you just hide behind a keyboard?
thank you.
And yet we just had a debate all about 'Canadian values' in foreign affairs....
My Justin? And what does the federal Liberal Party have to do with the Ontario Liberal Party. Do you know which political party has formed government in my province, the Province of British Columbia for the past few decades? Andre
Your last sentence is bang on.
Mulcair is deceitful to keep saying, '1 million daycare spots at only 15$ per day' without mentioning the subsidy that will have to cover the rest of the cost. A million spots would cost billion$ / year .Who wants free stuff ? Vote for free stuff.
*his chances look bad*
So, any thoughts on Ottawa or Montreal or does the deficit thinking apply only to the crack heads and drunks ?
In the interests of full disclosure does the G&M or its parent CTVglobemedia pay relocation costs for any of its executives or editorial staff?
Our way of living? You mean YOUR way of living, of course. At least be honest about your narrow-mindedness.
VilnisKrumins - I should never be called on to participate in navigationClearly someone who has never used Uber. All drivers have to have a smart phone equipped with GPS.
Better newspapers, like the National Post.
I read somewhere that the USA took in a grand total of 10,000 Syrian refugees. The walls are already up.
The really rich already find ways to avoid paying taxes. Going another 4% higher in tax rates on income over $200K or $300K makes no difference when one is already employing RRSPs, RESPs, TFSAs, IPPs, family trusts, etc..
50% of Hong Kong Residents live in Social Housing ..... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Public_housing_in_Hong_Kong
Chretian??
If all the young healthy people are moved away and if the old folks don't need it then that's mighty good of them to leave it behind just in case the next generation needs it. You people are so disgustingly uncanadian, currently - rare!
So your response is....shoot the messenger. Don't bother addressing what he says. Sounds like you'd fit right in the Harper PMO.
It is tough, Garth, that gloom and doom is part of our future, but grow up buddy. The truth hurts.
Yah. Holocaust. No biggie.
insanity... seems the '1500' are maning their computers today.
His platform? That is easy. The typical Liberal platform. Pit eat vs west.'Everything wrong with Canada is Alberta''Two tiered society. Oil patch workers and everyone else.'
There is not a lot of research out there. NB has done some, but it is not a popular subject with profs or PHd students.
Including Kyoto??
By Ibbitson, if the little Corporal was a Conservative, absolutely!
So you agree then that Trump represents 'the Revenge of the Angry White Male.' The data confirms his difficulties with female and minority voters.
Did you watch the debate? Do you disagree with the content of the article? Or do you just do the Trump/Pence thing and attack the person, rather than engage in the substance of the argument?
Hey Jeffrey, why not just ask your readers to vote Liberal thereby saving us the tedium of having to read your column, you're fast becoming irrelevant.
That's ex-Prime Minister. Time to let go.
Seems to me the left, be it liberal or whatever moniker it adopts these days, should be looking over its shoulder at what's happening in the US and Europe. Intolerance and fascism knows no political cover.
And the majority of the population is obese. What's your point.
Never happened, doesn't exists.
Learn English.
Paranoia strikes deep.
I can't imagine myself pulling a trigger to snuff out a human life in these circumstances. The most I could di would be to aim at a foot....
you watch too many movies
They're nowhere near the centre, Danny.
Post reference's to substantiate your comment.
Only in your mind Kevin, only in your mind. Consulting with the SCC has been a norm in Canada.
O'Leary is the last thing that Canada needs. Another bombastic, self-opinionated, no political experience applicant.
Is Mr. Trudeau coming out of the closet?
Ron....you merntion brainwashing... the more you post the more it seems your brain is still drying on the clothes line
Get immigrants from countries that adapt better to our values!
you mistake fascism for communism.
Nor do they compete with immigrants for jobs and housing.
Warped logic. These two mentally ill individuals could have been motivated by the weather or a loss loss by the Arizona Cardinals. Get it?
waiting to see something similar happen to Pierre P - to take that sneer off his face.
don't we all?
Isn't this the medium that employed that paradigm of truth and virtue Mike Duffy for years and years? Liberal bias?
They are not tasked with figuring it out. The idiots they elect are. Nuff said.
All I know is there is a strong effort by Harper and his media sycophants to split the vote.
Let's have a referendum and let the tax payers decide if we should continue to pay for a failing 'nation'. If we can't have democracy then what do we have?
'Clearly a man of action'Hahaha. Spin, Molly, spin.
How many times do you have to be told that the Sun King is accountable to no one?
Meanwhile, back on planet Earth ......The weather and climate are acting as they always have since the planet began in the mists of time.
If this legislation proves anything it's that the NDP has a 100% lock on the voter demographic that can't come up with one lousy piece of paper that has their name on it.
Have you always been this obtuse?
Good one. I agree.
Once we proceed to some serious fracking for gas, the planet earth might just be frightened enough to behave normally. Enough with this extreme weather!
Won? Have you been sleeping under a rock since 1975? And why would you want to change the culture? Nothing wrong with the Vietnamese.
Mclaughlin (sp?) doesn't agree with you.
tick tock tick tock..... time is running out for you lot!!
Oh look! A Conservative who actually reads their emails! From string pullers who write the media lines! Then dutifully spouts the lines at will.
Are you seriously suggesting we eliminate licensing of professionals? Lawyers would love that - they'd all become rich handling all the malpractice claims!
Harper only lies when he opens his mouth. Sad thing is,this is true.
JC12345 Lots of animals like coyotes, squirrels, rabbit, porcupine, skunk. It's underpowered for anything approaching game.
no need for him to be there he has the Quebec voted locked in. Quebecers still think PET was a good PM
For the Conservatives, the whole idea of Government is ... a solution without a problem: we should be all on our own, wit our own money !
Because Natural Gas burns clean.?????
Almost not worth the time rebutting these people. It's a Fact-free zone that these conspiracy nuts live in.
There's more to the world than oil.
A headline like that does not belong on this paper.
LOL. And did you really name yourself after the Tom Cruise character in one of his B movies?
take the bus
Yes, WKW, because if they're more successful than you, they MUST be crooked, right? C.
Surely the Globe takes its counsel from Edward Snowden on coercive government prying into the private affairs of citizens.
We?re discussing the Equalization Program, which is enshrined in the Constitution. What Ideology stated is that a change to the Constitution requires the consent of the provinces, and he?s correct.
Not if your objective is to delay and deny, however.
Bozo the clown/drama teacher/camp counsellor belongs in a circus, not 24 Sussex.
his fly by the seat of pants judgments final? are you saying all Liberals agree or even have a say?
Oh, are you new to Mike5? He's a colossal waste of skin all round.
Exactly! and bankable sick days? They don't exist. Totally irresponsible journalism.
No, I do not Rational although apparently you do so explain it to me?
They know that already.
'WILL rant'???Wrong tense. Try ... since the moment Southey hit 'Publish'.It's so sad that they are easily hornswoggled.
quite the hypothesis... and now can you back that up with specifics? Naw, I didn't think so.BTW, I will take the wooden Harper to the pixie doll JT any day.
Uh huh - and eventually we got Bob Rae and the NDP - the precursor to the decline of Ontario that is now in full swing with Wynne and the Liberals. No thanks!
Since when does theft = free market?
Her face was not covered, she was wearing a hijab which is a simple scarf.
Please edit your editorial title. This is embarrassing.
There we go the globe and mail is left leaning. Thank You. Now the left agree also.
P.S.: This is not a national problem. It is localized to two markets.
in 1492, the Redman discovered Columbus. (ain't that a beauty!)
On such an issue it would be useful to understand the difference between anecdotes anand statistics.
At least the G&M does not send the names of those with opposing comments to the KGB.
steve_d1, if citizenship is found to be a right somewhere in the evolution of Canadian common law, would it mean that the government can't take it away?
Hey, it isn't exactly a surprise that Iranians don't recognize Israel when, like Harper predicted, Canadians don't recognize Canada.
The CEOs have no problem doing businesses internationally in countries where the penalty for being gay is death, a rather more serious target for advocacy.
Now I lay me down to sleep. I pray, Big Pharma, my soul won't take.
Latte sniffing? Do you know what latte is?
Many thumbs up - but such stressful facts sail well above the Ontariowe electorate ..
The 4 RCMP officers had no reason to kill Dziekanski - a very sad affairHe was clearly ill - he needed help not attacked repeatedly with a taserMoore, Garry R - Solutions Inc
This pipeline will be built, its just the size of the bribe to Quebec that is in dispute...!
But Angler, the columnist has a point: There ARE British Columbians who are EXACTLY like that! Not you, you are marvelous. But there are some just like that! And I agree, he shouldn't have lumped you in with them.
The Globe has a section for 'Corrections' in every issue, but they never seem to 'correct' any of Ms Wente's fallacies. I wonder why?
Thanks, so funny. Ykou'd like the Great Deformation. NAFTA gives way to CETA, which gives way to.......Media are so shallow.....
What this means for Hillary is that she can finally dump that Arkansas Cracker she's been stuck with for the last four decades.
Ok there is climate change. So what? Canada produces only 2% of the world's GHG so we can't solve it. Why can't we talk about that? Why must that be denied?
I don't know why you say legalising marijuana is controversial. Last I read, it is supported by a large majority of Canadians.
You link to a website such as the first one to strengthen your argument?
You mean like taking the national debt from 400 to 600 billion dollars and continuing to persuade your base that your strength is fiscal stewardship? Now thats some shameless lying.
Well said. I have Muslim employees. On Friday they book a meeting room on their coffee or lunch break to do their prayers. It would be unfair to the other employees and to our company as an employer to have to give them additional breaks.
Well Jack, you have two options, either learn to live with it until the next round or leave.
Get rid of the conservatives!
The Liberals, under Chretien, had the sense and decency to stay out of Iraq. Harper was salivating even then at the opportunity to deploy Canadian troops in combat, however obscenely illegal and unjustified.
It never went away. They continued to manipulate the media throughout the entire time he was supposedly in rehab.
Irony too.
Syria?! Not likely. France's problem is based on its colonialisation of North African Muslim countries in particularly and other Muslim nations more generally not not likely Syria alone. The attacker in Nice was of Tunisian descent, for example.
While this is a very tragic attack on our democracy, Harper has been attacking our democracy since even before day 1.
Eat them. Thats the best way.
Agree: up until the 1960's, men subscribed almos
And it's not like he take the streetcar and drive it onto the 401 or even into oncoming traffic. Also street cars can be disabled from the outside, have seen it done many times... doors close to from the outside.
So what the flying freak does a court with domestic jurisdiction have to do with other nations' interpretation of maritime law?
This editorial is not worth 99 cents. Bring the price down to 51.9 cents then I mayconsider buying half a story.
The problem with Mr Gibson is that he's not young enough to know everything.
Deflection alert!
You should worry about the litany of Natives that are so drunk they lead their children into snow storms to freeze to death.
yeah, if someone's white it's ok to be racist to him!
As usual, George Victor 1 makes no sense at all. More grist for the Conservative mill? More inane blather from George Victor 1.
Well, he's managed to ride the bronco thus far... even if I've no time for him... sic transit gloria
He should have said 'and when you criticize them they cry misogyny'
Which is why those who continue to deny climate change should be ignored.
The Economist had been praising Canada's immigration system under Harper's government, allowing foreign students to stay and find job after their studies, a lot more generous and progressive than the United State's and UK's systems.
Retreating to extremely polarized, finger pointing rhetoric for support from me-first sociopaths, is no way to run a democracy. I'm interested in you thoughts on democracy. Do 'a Donald' and let us all know what you think.
'...we are showing little evidence of it now.'Just like back in...well, name any era.
Thank you for this article. For the lucky people not exposed to family members in the grip of addiction, it is harder to be empathetic on this issue. Addiction is a medical issue rather than a moral failing or crime
China is a rogue state which has just purchased a whole bunch of missiles from Russia. China will do whatever they like and there's nothing the west can do to change that.
And Kathleen Wynne kicks the Ontario taxpayer in the teeth day after day with her wasted BILLIONS. Sorry, I forgot, wasted billions is okay with the sheeple crowd. Afterall, what possible good causes could use that money? Hypocrites!!!
Why should we care about the 1%? They sure as hell don't care about the rest of us!
'there may be a kingdom where the least shall be heard'The Globe and Mail apparently.
Bill Davis had a growing economy in the sixties & seventies and not the problems that Harris faced in the 90's.
More aptly, Prime Minister Steven Harper. 3 elections, more seats each time. Somebody's head's a poppin alright, and if you want to know what flaccid body is attached to its snotty integuments, then, as the WHO once sung....'go to the mirror boy'.
She didn't. She specifically said "fanatics". But her point was it is the fanatics that put Muslims "on the map" as a group to be concerned about.
And brankruptcy. Unless Canada is willing to pay.
Good idea and they should--why not share the islands ?
I don't agree with this article. The complacency over the brutal killing of animals is wrong. Are you really sure that the suffering of the animals you eat is perfectly acceptable? Please visit an abattoir and you will change your mind.
Women by a lot of stuff just check your lock mall it is 95% pink goods.
As you point out the cutoff point for the top 10% in the US is only about $117,000 - my secretary and her construction worker husband make well in excess of that.
I understand that it is humour - or at least it is intended to be. The problem is, it just ain't funny.
An Orwellian nightmare becoming reality - should it happen.
Saunders has it backwards. The right to own a gun was well accepted, at least culturally if not through explicit laws. The Supreme Court ruling was only because those rights were being challenged.
As does Leviticus. Get a grip.
Describe Hillary Clinton now
Careful William, you are resorting to facts and that will annoy all those poster who rely on ideology.
Easy. http://www.amazon.com/Kinski-Uncut-The-Autobiography-Klaus/dp/0670867446
Maybe they can join up with Scotland and Ukraine to make up a new federation, ScoQuebekraine. (SCO-KAY-BEH-CRANE).
Neither was most of life...
'Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne, a Liberal, had the approval of 27 per cent of respondents'Remove teachers from the poll and it drops to 5%.
siamdave: What is your definition of citizenship?
The G&M ran an editorial support the Harper CONs just before the last election. You would have thought that there was more sense in the editorial dept.
As a long time Vancouverite, I completely agree. There is nothing as fine as a snow covered landscape under a bright winter sun.
Just some facts, sorry about that!!!!!!!
He is not politically correct, that's the best reason to vote for him.
last time i was in scotland it was full of muslims---so eventually you will have muslim prime minister who will close down the whiskey industry--bring in sharia--we must be politically correct--and have a kinder gentler scotland----frank
Naw, there are just more of us than Liberals. That's why we will more seats. Hurts doesn't it?
The border is that way. Why wait? Go now.
Generally, the more the better.
The problem is voters were to stupid to realize that 3 is impossible if you live up to 1 and 2. So its an accepted premise that she will break her promises. And the jokes on the dumb electorate.
And you know they are all fundamentalists - how?
First few lines of this article threw me off. 'Petty scandals'. Bill cheated on his wife in the White House lol. This writer must be single because my wife would hardly consider that petty.
Well since man made CO2 emissions have more than tripled since 1960 , that atmosphere of ours has stubbornly refused to warm up like the models predict. Your not confusing climate change with bad weather or El Nino induced warming are you?
I think what bothers some of us is the rank hypocrisy and outright lies of the US on this file.
With Liberals and Conservatives running the show, fair electoral reform just won't happen Helen.
You're unbelievable.
Selective reading comprehension will do that to you. You must open your mind in order to detect what others are telling you.
A post cleverly exposing your equal lack of knowledge of the law and of science. Bravo, Ted.
The only people surprised at this are journalists and those inf dead with Harper Derangement Syndrome.
Yes, I didn't want to mention the name, but I knew Kim slightly in Vancouver. Basically, the reaction of the senior officers when he presented his findings in the Picton case was "No GD computer is going to tell me how to do my job!"
Harper takes advantage of privilege and rules like a pig at the slop trough. Law he simply ignores.
There is no such thing as 'singular they' in English language.
So what did you think of the photo on page 44, Mike? Not the way most people picture Trudeau, was it?
If it were not for the senate scandal, Harper's best and honorable senator Mike Duffy could moderate his debates.
Very difficult balancing act, very well executed. Certainly more could have been done BUT much less could have been done, too. Somehow, they have managed not to satisfy all of the players but to satisfy them just enough. Didn't see that one coming!
Clearly you are forgetting 911. 3000 people died in the twin towers attack by Islamic extremists in New York City. A direct attack on North American soil by religious fanatics of the Muslim religion. Forget... I don't think so.
Settlers, not immigrants. Big difference.
This is not limited to the Mohawks. A the First Nations husband of a Caucasian was murdered. She was asked to leave a home on the reservation where they had lived for decades.
Cui bono? It's clear now that Duffy was indeed his source.
What a piece of junk editorial. Did they crib it from a grade 6 project?
Has it occurred to anyone that Canada might have had more influence in the region when everyone regarded Canada as an even-handed observer who tried to find bridges between opposing groups?
What? Maggie Slackhouse isn't claiming this Rag stinks? The op-ed is good, though, no doubt about that...
Of course we are. However, that is the spirit and thrust of the Liberal government. The real questions are When? and How? will we get back to Have status?
Hilliary is criminally insane, guilty of TREASON for trying to cover up her crimes exposed by the murdered DNC leaker by trying to start WWIII with Russia to cover it up.
They're being replaced by machines. Well, at least their work is. Their purchasing power isn't, and that's a significant problem for others to worry about sometime in the future.
I suppose technically some millennials still qualify as "kids" technically - but many are in their 20s now.
Evidently, you need reminding that Liberal senators no longer exist.
Using tactics from the US, and this surprise you. All parties do this. I guess you have been sleeping the last 20 years.
The truth is that the future is unpredictable!
MY hero ? New here, eh ?
Well - we are - try visiting Third world countries, even most of Europe, then there is the ME .... The USA is in deep doo doo. The PAC Rim entirely swamped with humanity ...
Trump is a lot like Stephen Harper only with more money and flair.
She should create a program to help people to convert their vehicles to LNG and encourage retailers to put in NG pumps. If all vehicles currently burning gas or diesel were switched to NG she could claim a lot of credits
'...to look a 4,5, or 6 year old??'. You do get that there are often over 30 of those 4,5, or 6 year olds under the care of the teacher, right? Ever planned and executed a birthday party for 5 five year olds? I'm guessing you never had children.
Just change their pronouns.
The first Europeans to arrive were not immigrants but rather settlers. There wasn't a country (in terms of infrastructure and institutions) in which to immigrate to.
I don't get it David! Can you be more precise???? Is it a joke!
Forget about Trump's hypocrisy for real bigotry look no further than Clinton.
Pretty easy to be openly racist while posting anonymously.
'Angry Thomas'Why does this ridiculous phrase keep getting repeated? I see no evidence for it whatsoever. All I see is a clever, articulate, and yes passionate politician.
I wonder how many naturopathy critics are in favour of medical marijuana?
smarter than averageThat was hilarious!
You must be refering to the Republican anti-science hysteria. You did mention patients of the asylum.
What have been Trudeau's priorities? Jet-setting around the world, giving money away to foreigners, saddling Canadians with refugees, and avoiding any real work that will benefit Canadians...
Right, Rob, and you're citing a known Holocaust denier site there. Tells us all everything we need to know about where you get your historical information.
Sounds suspiciously like you be commitin' sociology. This here gummint don't truck in that stuff - gots itself terror to stoke.
And what are those implications? Please share....this should be interesting
I would bet money that everyone lives within a mile/1.6 k of a major pipeline.
Good luck with a neo-con government. Harper is a puppet of big oil. He is not interested in helping Canadians. He will do anything to stay in power. We need a change in leadership.
What else would one expect from shiny pony - the brains came from the maternal side - father provided a name . Making Canada commit economic suicide on top of beyond stupid budget deficits to prove what point?
How is IS being funded? Anybody have a link?
Would someone please explain something to me?Why do we let Canadians into the US without a visa? Why do we have any contact with them at all?
So what's your explanation for the lack of progress in the previous 4 years, genius?
Sometimes I get tired of paying mechanics wages to fix my cars. That doesn't mean I'm going to take them to a megalomaniac with a sledgehammer and no experience the next time I need a tune-up.
Well I have to admit I was hankering to call into the barbaric cultural practices snitch line during next summer's chuckwagon races in Calgary but I've almost forgotten Chris Alexander already.
Does your Senator live in your province?
Not true. Lincoln was a Republican.
It shouldn't be a surprise, it doesn't take crooks long to figure out loopholes if their commission depends on it.
Silver: The last 2 or 3 coronations didn't work. This one won't either. Garneau will get his chance, but he'll have to be patient.
Make cannabis extract oil and you might stand a chance of actually beating it. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0psJhQHk_GIhttp://www.cannabiscure.info/files/cannabis_oil.htm
Saunders' political views predict his writings on all subjects.
This from the man whose Think Tank is a registered charity.
your days are numbered there is blood on your hands!
I'm dying to know the rationale for thumbs down for asking how the victim in this guys botched armed robbery is faring?!?!?!
well, aren't they?
i think the division is real, especially in the usa. every group is, in the end, supported by somee rich (individuals, corporations, or advocacy groups e.g. lawyers, hollywood actors, billionaires).
Probably the thumb print of Editor in Chief David Walmsley again. The editorial board agrees on a position of not supporting Harper's "noble" mission, and Walmsley swoops in at the last moment to alter the position (but not the actual argument).
I concur with the author. Our politicians have debased the word to include professional soldiering, policing, and firefighting for photo-ops. Those who fight on Canada's behalf are pawns for political purposes and this has to stop.
A lot of people aren't impressed by the msm's collusion on this. Thankfully, one network didn't play along with the PPC ideals of censorship for Canadians
Don't forget that the G&M endorsed the CPC but not Harper. They have lost so much credibility capital there that I am beginning to take what they say with a grain of salt.
Sorry, but unless you make us stop we're tearing your town down.
that example is retard tier regardless, even you should get it straight away
If they return to Canada they can vote. If they remain abroad for 5+ years how is that 'valuable perspective' helping Canada?
Like your posts, right Junior?
ya, like we dON't want to be 'indian givers' do we?
my thoughts exactly.
Actually, a lot of progressives don't have a lot of time for Junior.
No report on this from western media of course.
Canadians are the most virtuous people on earth, as they tell themselves constantly, unless they actually have to do something.
Why is this comparison necessary? Unless Darwin was wrong, native Canadians are immigrants just like everyone else. They just arrived earlier. The only people whose ancestors weren't immigrants are living somewhere in central Africa.
There's something tawdry about a commentator urging a political party to do what is in its narrow self interest. Is Mr Flanagan looking for a job as a Liberal strategist?
What small business could survive if the government puts it out of business for a year?
If you really are as simplistic as you suggest, then there are more than enough aircraft on the tarmac. If we want to move to the end game, we need boots on the ground.
Ask honest questions if you want honest answers. Rhetorical questions are difficult to answer honestly but I've tried my best here.
however, it is interesting that many of those to have committed terrorist acts in france were not exactly conservative moslems. some drank and did drugs, and had a petty criminal background. easily manipulated losers looking for a cause.
Chretien unequivocally promised to scrap the GST.
Lets see, this writer has somehow blamed the Chritian right for the shooting. Very convoluted but well done none the less.
So you become more transparent by removing transparency acts. Got it.
'return of progressive, ethical government to Canada'I'm not sure that such a party exists. It sure isn't the Liberals.
They played the role of corpses.
And yet his approval ratings have never been higher. If your whining means he will keep winning elections, please continue.
Less insults, more substance please.
I think you sort of just proved the point of the article.
Democracy sucks eh Rob.
Poor DS.He's really taking a beating here from the anti-Muslim anti-immigration bigots. All the usual lies and stereotypes pulled out from under rocks.
Vision, inspiration and focus with Featherbrain at the helm? You jest, sir.
Yeah right......it was so balanced that it should get a journalistic award
Maybe the Aboriginal people could move to the Middle East? Your post is really really stupid. Do you think the Arabs care about Aboriginals? Of course not. It's just a convenient way of getting at Canada.
Nor will the cobra change its spots.
Remember when the Globe and Mail supported Saddam Hussein in his war against the Kurds? The Globe portrayed them as terrorists. Now all of a sudden they are the good guys. Here is a bold statement: in the middle east, there are no "good guys."
you don't need a Niqab to be muslim most Muslim women do not wear it it is a Saudi custom
it's a fact that 99 percent of people with red hair were bullied at school and can no longer participate in society
Ontario paid for the West and the rest for the first hundred and twenty years of Confederation. Why the resentment? Very sad, inappropriate and ungrateful
Jeffrey's very upset that his beloved Liberals and the boy wonder are in deep trouble, largely of their own making.
I reckon this columnist planted some butt-hurt and is harvesting impotent rage.
To continue with the analogy, we could ask the question - is 'Chosen People' equivalent to 'Herrenvolk'? The concept is inherently repugnant, but seems to be an element within the thinking of the settlers and other ultra-nationalists.
Take a pill
Oh my goodness. Does this mean that prostitutes don't enjoy their work? I feel framed.
He will answer questions in the way he wants to answer them - in his own perverted way.
And cheating.
You fashion a whole comment around something you 'suspect,' but which is not mentioned in the article and for which you offer no proof at all, other than your suspicion?
Stop with your daily propaganda... nobody believes any more.
And yet liberals think 'safe spaces' for all kinds of minority groups are needed.
Answer to your first query. VOTES.
Another Liberal flake who preens his repugnant amorality with pride.
Were you thinking of white Canadians when you wrote that. We're more diverse now, remember? Canadians used to be in love with Americans. Where has all the anti-American 'hatred' come from?
Sad that we have to rely on a megalomaniac to bring some semblance of reality to Canadian economics. I mean Trump, not...
Germany saves lots of money by having a very low defence budget.
Most Canadians I know knock them back pretty good, even with the ridiculous high pricing forf booze. The Globe also cited a few months ago that Canadians are a big users anti -depressants. Maybe there is relationship.
No, I don't think that's it. The US knows precisely what it's doing. The last 6 years have not been an accident at all.
While I strongly disagree with the anti-vaxxers I think that forcing people to vaccinate is the wrong approach. Even many people who strongly believe in vaccines resent the government 'forcing' them to do something.
I think we are missing the point altogether. What the people of Toronto really want is no police at all.
Kids these days... when I was a boy....what's wrong with the world today is...I can't seem to find a good opening for my comment. Maybe I'll just go eat my pudding.
Let's put it this way. It's easy for the 'kids' to know what the reality, if they happen to have parents in their 70's. And the reality isn't necessarily bad, but there's no getting around the fact that there is a gradual decline.
Absolutely. He is perfect, but he will not persist. He will exit.
How do they reconcile paying employees every two weeks despite the requirement to pay employees nightly in Lev 19:13? You don't have to be a biblical literalist to be a Christian.
The people wanting the right to vote are not 'Canadians of convenience', though the law would apply to all citizens abroad.
These people aren't 'progressives'.Exactly the opposite.
One of the most imprudent acts by the G&M editorial board was to endorse Harper and the CPC, not once, not twice, but THREE times! ABC in 2015...
Canada has a leader - and most premiers - that are clueless on economics and business. Supposedly the welfare of the Nation is protected by columnists that publish expert opinions on economics. I would prefer the shortcomings of Mr Trump.
She swears she wasnt doing it when we were together and it was only pills that she was doing when I kicked her out the last time plus I havent fucked her in 2 1/2 years but I still feel like I should get tested for every disease known to man.
I think Trump emailed Hillary his tax returns ... which means they were likely deleted.
Don't forget Thailand. You can be imprisoned for over 30 years for insulting the King's dog....
Do you feel that strongly about Scottish people wearing the kilt in Canada? This is Canada, wear whatever you want to celebrate your heritage. Wear a toque, wear a turban, wear a baseball cap or a fedora, who cares.
better he be photoshopped into 'The Last Supper'.
@Not the Alliance "Under the new system, they would NOT have won a majority." You don't know that any more than polls accurately predict an election.
That is exactly what they are doing.
It's like Yuppie = Young Urban Professional. The "pie" is just a second syllable -- it doesn't stand for anything. So, Puppie might be a better way of writing it.
Is the water contaminated?
It's so much more than that....*smh* You just dont get it.
GEORGE Sounds like you think you are the expert on civility in this matter ?
Agreed that Parliament should legislate the terms and limitations. But let's just wait until we have a real Parliament, not the current one, with its 34% emperor...
Celerino. And what if the 'democratically' elected government dismantles the country's democratic institutions, declares itself to one man/party rule, and bans any further elections. That's what Hitler did. Look how that turned out.
Today we have the luxury of setting our time schedule for our defence of the planet. Soon we won't, and this whole story will be another historical record of bad judgement, at a critical moment in time.
You focus on the finances and the staffing. Well, two out of three ain't bad. However, it appears past time that those running it and funding it turn their attention to who it's for and how it's designed to help.
We don't recognize your laws jhawkins
Justins campaign is widely regarded amongst pundits as being one of the most dishonest in Canadian history.
Something to do with the Bilderberg Group?
That's arguable. What isn't arguable is that Ibbitson's prognostication abilities are not very impressive.
Not much thought in your comment.
Intolerance of the migrating hordes towards their once tolerance hosts breeds intolerance in the hosts.
Even the IPCCs own reports do not support the IPCC conclusions. The IPCC is a political organization not a scientific one.
So women and the educated are two separate cohorts of voters? Careful.
Always the case, isn't it?
Yeah, smart guys like Ollie North.
So Russian intervention is always good, but US intervention is always bad?
Apparently the GG was prepared to attend the meeting but Chief Spence upped her demands. She is now demanding that Justin Bieber and Wayne Gretzky attend. Rumours continue to swirl in Ottawa that she may also be demanding that Elvis attend.
this is what happens when you oppose subways merely to oppose fordsubways are good for a world class citydon't spite your face by cutting off your anti ford noseall aboard the SUBWAY, not a gravy subway by the way
Hmmm... never read her column before, have you?
norinradd go chew on that. So who's the 'denier' now?
Every time Harper speaks, we are reminded that he is yesterday's man.
bitmun: your statement indicate that you have no idea what happened in the global financial markets in 2008. Not even a clue.
Yes, he dated Generation X from 1958, which makes sense to me. I was born in the early 60's and have had none of the benefits showered on people born in the 40s and 50s.
Thoroughly enjoin watching Trump making irrelevant all the self appointed keepers of what is proper and allowed, they are apoplectic, they rest of us , amused.
I have a horrible feeling that this 'rehab' is about as real as his 'exercising'. He's an overweight boor with a mind like a cesspool. I would vote for a dog before voting for Ford or his brother.
The pure laine.
Sorry, 13 years. (Does that change anything? I don't think so.)
Said the man in the silly white robe and white cap who abstains from sex.
Excellent.
Whom did they endorse for the last three Federal elections? Best you do a little fact-checking yourself!
Yes we also had a chance to get to meet Santa and his raindeers face to face on the roof of our house this last Christmas. Really, there's no tax on how much lies you people can churn out, is there?
Jeffrey is just pandering to ignorance of (some of) his readers.
The stupidity of it from the start should have been clear from the start. You cannot pander to this nonsense. We are one Nation. You do not accomplish anything by lowering standards to accomadate a few.
You should have been building the systems that increased revenue.
References please
Yahoo's demand is ridiculous. Why should it be up to the Palestinians to declare a state religion for Israel?
I suspect that behind the scenes ( and never mentioned ) Germany in fact still imports all the nuclear electricity from France that the transmission lines can handle without glowing red. And burning lignite is terrible - air pollution without equal.
Proof that a sense of humour is directly related to intelligence. VC, you have no sense of humour do you?
Thank you independentlypoor for your astute insight on the human dilemma.
In 1980 Reagan won 44 states and Carter 6. In 1984 Reagan won 49 and Mondale 1. If all of the south had gone for Carter in 1980 and Mondale in 1984 Reagan still wins by a landslide. The "southern strategy" is Democratic Party BS.
If your argument were even remotely plausible.......why do we need Stephen Harper at all, then ? Let's vote in Trudeau or Mulcair.......since they have now bearing on what happens aynyway !!
I am a woman and I despise Trudeau and the Liberals.
Course, we did it in WWII.
And Mike Harris the devil himself made Ontario a better place , huh Mr Naive . Hudak is just another family member of the snake himself
Actually, no. In political discourse there is a clear distinction between 'popular' and 'populist'. See my comment above.
The original title was actually 'political football' but was quickly changed. It is not clear how much, if any, input any column author has on the title/headline.
To everyone. Pay your god-damn taxes, and be happy about it.Be happy to pay more taxes. Thank you.
No, djw, it doesn't. Because 'facts' can change according to one's beliefs.
Over and over, Forster posts this rant from a former public relations officer for various Harper cabinet ministers.
Who cares? What has that hot to do with Santa Claus, bright lights and glitter, and good food and parties to brighten up winter?
@skyofblue You don't know what equality means? Gee you invited us to ask a specific question and now it turns out you don't know the meaning of common words.
By that measure the presidency of George W. Bush is even worse than I assumed.
Funny that you have to jump in with that when freedom didn't have anything to do with the point being made....
Except Hugh's article was interesting. Larry's are just a broken record.
'light heavyweight'? More like intellectual featherweight. And certainly not ready to lead.
You forget that a lot of the US debt is financed by China.
...or Logans Run...
Why is it now wrong for Quebec to preserve its culture? Muslims have no problem killing Christians in Egypt or elsewhere, so maybe some culture protectionism isn't that big a deal.
Thank god trudeau and mulcair are not anti-semitism , like alot of thier supporters are.
Amen brother!
With overpowering reasoning like that, you've sure persuaded me.
In six months the Conservatives will tell Canadians that 'This is not the time to cut and run' just before escalating Canada's involvement.
Quite descriptive ....
He wants them to eat him last.
You noticed that that page is empty? Very fitting.
Ah - but everybody passes these days, and it's good for her self esteem !
The globe has:- Conservative commentators like Konrad and Ibbitson- Hard left commentators like Gerry Caplan - Center commentators like Lawrence MartinNot to mention all the guest peicesThe reason I read G&M is they have all viewpoints covered
The same people who will look after all of these refugees after Trudeau loses interest in these refugees in a years time: The Provinces. Which is why Trudeau can make these grandiose promises... these people won't be HIS problem after a year.
Timing is everything. If the election was held now, we would never pick this guy.
I know *I* don't, Art. For your part, do you think wars 'just happen'?
Just because somebody else has more money than you, does not mean that you are unable to earn more yourself. It's childish to suggest that you are somehow disadvantaged because somebody else has more.
Personal responsibility is a conservative value that is banned in liberal ideology. Liberals have nothing and want to share it with everyone else ( because they are so clever).
Gentleman who authored the column is a professor at Ryerson University. Some might suggest his presumptions made in the column are a little inaccurate.
Thank-you...now fill in the boxes I provided....amounts and details ...if you can... bet ya won't find the published accountability for the $ 90,000 cheque from the PMO.. to Duffy.
The article also mentions the 40 people killed at the MSF hospital in Kunduz by US air forces. It's still under investigation, but statements made at the time by Afghan military allies claimed it was done deliberately.
No responsible country would put their pilots into the F-35 Widowmaker.
Well that certainly has nothing to do with sex selection!
Playing at war to court the Ukrainian vote at home could be the very definition of "dangerous fool". And Harper couldn't care less if rape, murder and death occur "over there" as long as Harper gets votes "over here". Dangerous. Foolish. Harper.
Tea Party Tim comes across as mean, not just his personality, but his policies.
Because admitting otherwise makes it even more implausible that Harper knew nothing - I mean, he's supposed to be ultimately responsible regardless, whether the number of miscreants is 1 or 100 - just ask John Baird.
You seem to be among the minority calling it a 'religious requirement' and I can only assume you believe this because someone opposed to the niqab told you so.
Rick. You mean those con hack losers who the Candian public gave a democratic majority to??
Maybe there's a senator flying who can take you in his group.
Prior to the invasion of Iraq there was no wide spread migration of people from the Arab countries to Europe. As the saying goes "Actions have consequences".
what bad weed are you on ?
Hahahaha. Going to report me to the RCMP for that - like you threatened someone else once?
Actually that would be Solomon.
Not to mention the ones who can barely speak English. Does that add to the disgrace?
Be careful when talking about Harris budgets - before or after audit is the big question. I seem to recall a 'balanced budget' turning out to be a $6 Billion deficit once the audit was complete.
Figures don't lie: http://www.pressprogress.ca/6_charts_show_stephen_harper_has_the_worst_economic_record_of_any_prime_minister_since_world_war_ii .
Given the circumstances fostered by the Indian Act they are indeed wards of the state.
You haven't been around long enough to know who I am.I've been posting here for years. try reading about something other than Trump. .
Hey, old guy, it's a comment page, not open mic hour. Good grief, I'll keep FPTP just to discourage anyone from abusing comment pages like this.
Is anyone surprised, what does Jr. need to do for Canadians to 'wake-up'?
Is it only Harper and his close goons, who are trying to put things in place, to steal the next elections ?Or is it the whole party, those 30% of Canadians who still trust them, in polls ?????
You had me at Wynne. There was no need to explain further but you could have mentioned Dalton and his destruction of Ontario. I did not think things could get worse here but unfortunately was wrong.
thanks for the warning. What are you doing in Canada, after all, we are the enemy aren't we?
It'll be rather late to find out that you're wrong.
If the idlers actually went to the cause of the problems, they would realize they were looking in a mirror.
Right on True. Unfortunate most Canadians are not very bright
It?s called humanity. Look up the definition if you don?t understand it.
Kudos to future PM Justin Trudeau opposing the bill. Looking forward to him scrapping the legislation when he forms government.
Oh so true. Can you think of a tema Don Mathews didsn't coach
Have you never been waiter PIT? Methinks not, or you would not write such drivel... especially if your livelihood depended on it. How many waiters do you know that make $94,500 personally? I certainly know of NONE.
It's sarcasm... brilliant reply though.
I substituted the word 'cleverly' in a post for a similar word that also starts with c.....it's tiresome.
I agree with iski99 and the editorial. The Olympics are, to a very large degree, a tribute to misguided nationalism
No,Cut Welfare programs they will head to the U.K.
This is good! Governments should not be regarded as a long term savings vehicle. You want the likes of the Ontario Liberals to save and invest your $ for 20 to 30 years? If you do, don't expect to get all your money back.
I think thats the point. The muslim men are forcing their women to cover up.
The FBI Director needs to be arrested and charged with intereference in a federal election. I wonder if Trump paid him!!!
Boy, are you desperate for a scandal. Those charges sound fairly tame compared to Bev Oda's wild and crazy times.
I think this comment was sarcastic.
No, just the ones that cover up and make excuses for wrong doing
Socialism is great !- Hugo Chavez, (from the 8th level of hell)
Nope, the right-wing parties keep getting stronger in Europe.
Definetely explains a lot of his past behaviors and decisions, but, it does NOT excuse it.
That is simply true of academic journals. Not insulting anyone.
And you consider the Homeopathic college and related associations the best source of information on their activities?
most rural places don't have gas available
Never thought I would ever agree with Mr. Simpson on anything. I do on this however. A very good description of what's wrong.
A reasoned response Siren. Although I am more convinced . . . we should not pay the PM's spouse's staff.
What - Is There Real Food ?
'You won't recognize Canada when I get through with it ' - Stephen Harper, 2005I do not recognize the Canada we have become. October 19th ... take back your country!
Excellent article. The lady/ladies deserve a lot of respect.
The federal government should take all the money they spend on other countries disasters eg the Philippines and use it to get their own house in order.
You mean like the party you endorsed was going to fix it? And they weren't Tories. They're Reformers.
Not so sure, I think Islam will give China a run for its money re dominance. Either way, not looking good for modernity, of which females have been main beneficiaries.
hahaha that's so true. And the fact that the press never mentioned all these invasion by western countries do not mean what they did was right.
A great editorial. Wise and smart.
You must be Rascist! Immigration Good. Asking Why, Bad!!!
There is a reason there is no love lost between these factions, pretending all minority religions are fine and the only problem is with the Christian one is the usual line.
I guess the expressions, 'Don't judge a book by its cover' and 'Appearances are deceiving' are lost on you, Tom.
Funny how when its the Liberals doing the attack ads its ok, but not when the PC's do it! Just look at the Ontario election as a prime example!
Where pray tell are we bailing out banks in Canada? Repeating the same BS over and over doesn't make it so. There has been no Canadian bank bailout.
Thumbs down deny FACTS as postedhow about a proper rebuttal? or perhaps it is not a denial but a way of saying'Oh no I can not stand these facts.. Thumbs down. I don't want to see this'
Yes. Absolutely.
You don't give a g.d. for others at all, do you. Article Jeffrey Simpson: Pipelines, politics and presidential prerogatives Yep, completely off topic for the self absorbed.
He points out that in California, the medical-marijuana business is an open joke----------------------------------------------------Ditto in Montreal Vancouver etc.
And it would appear he was just as willing to play fast and loose with ethics as the rest of those Harper surrounds himself with.
A very good and informative article. Worth saving...
Dear Progressive, most of all I prefer a Canadian court. For any other court cases not against the government I am not sure I want an Indian court, which is prone to drag on for ages if you don't bribe.
Margaret ... when you said: 'What he did, although certainly a firing offence these days, was not too bad in a moral sense. It was as old as human nature.' ... tells me your standards aren'r very high either.
Over generalise much?
Shelly Carroll. Pam McConnell. Gord Perks and Paula Fletcher sure have been quiet lately. Usually they have a lot to say about Rob Ford. Where are they now?
Hey Woody! Your mom is calling. Your peanut butter & jelly sandwich is ready. If you can't hear her, I'll tell her that you're stuck in Harper's closet with your pants down around your ankles.
Since when does 35% support represent a majority of Canadians?
Liberal party has already been charged with illegal robocalls. Try to pay attention.
Or citing a dearth of domestic talent, you could always parachute in an elitist, lefty academic from Harvard only to have his a s s handed to him in a federal election.
Konrad and the globe and flail are such toadies of big business that they'd be critical of their own grandmother if she didn't side with Harper and his wrecking crew. They are soo transparent and odious!
Who paid for Redford's trip to Bilderberg last June and what was the size of her entourage?
> ranting about opinions that don't conform to their self-centred perspectives You should take some of your own advice.
> In a word: yes. I fully agree: Here in the West, the NDP comes across as 'Block light' making them totally unelectable.
Looks like the house that Jack built needs a lot of renovations.
Yes it can, and should. But no matter how many times science shoots down someone's claim in a miracle, it doesn't prove anything about the underlying belief.
And borrow the non nuclear Hiroshima bomb from Russia.
As Judge Vallaincourt said in the Duffy case, what might be considered unethical is not necessarily criminal.
I have read a lot of idiotic editorials in the Globe over the years, but really, 'like religion at its best, they make us more fully human' is just nausea-inducing.
M. Utrosa, Are you from Ontario? If so, given your concerns about fiscal mismanagment and your exception to proroguing, I assume you did not vote for the Ontario Liberals.
It's true : the less Harper says the less likely he is to get into trouble. It's no wonder he avoids scrutiny and spontaneous questions at all costs.
You mean when she said that France created this issue by bombing Syria?
yup, it's all a conspiracy.
In what fantasy world does wind power supply 100% of the electrical energy - ever? The Amish use more power than that...
Re-read my comment.
Eric Margolis knows the Middle East and its politics very well and writes from the point of view of skepticism of the motives of the west. His cached columns can be read at http://ericmargolis.com/writers-blog/
He singles out capitalism because Canada is a capitalist society, not a Marxist one.
Then where are Saudi arabia, Qatar, Dubai, UAE and teh other oil wealth sheikdoms of the Muslim World. They all took none whatsoever.
moon howler: Precisely.
Well, sirencall, Russia's democratic institutions are certainly failing. When last were Russian newspapers or TV broadcasts allowed to show anything critical of Putin?
Right, poor handling of the economy. Record job creation. All the Bushes and Reagans in the world couldn't even begin to touch him on job creation. And that was after being handed a mess by Bush.
To defend our arctic internal waters, and to pay our due in Nato.
This is especially true for the Liberals - if your last name is 'Trudeau' you're automatically appointed Leader!
Anthony, the number of terrorists killed by Drones is far more than a few.
moon howler missed the Globe's mini-article yesterday, in which it listed its own record of endorsing Conservatives at election times: 9 times out of 12 elections in the last 40 years, including 2011. That's some 'Liberal bias.'
'Don't do as I do, do as I say' mentality.
You just did. Was that in the official capacity as an agent for the grammar police?
Another anti-Harper diatribe from a known liberal/left commentator!
Matt Hughes You do know he's on his third wife? --------------- as opposed to Bill Clinton ??? Monica Lewinsky et al ?
Yeah, I suppose it's so much easier to just sit back, cop a fake moral position, let others do the heavy lifting, and blame the United States.
The Syrians fleeing to Europe are mostly pretty well educated. They were middle class in Syria and many of them speak more than one language.
'Charles Blow in the NYT'Appropriate name for a NYT's writer.
Not really. Historically, the Liberal disregard for individual rights and freedoms is almost equal to the Conservatives.
The stats show these boards are filled with a very small group of people, many with multiple accounts, basically just talking to themselves
I couldn't have said it better.
Free like being stuck with the Liberals forever, that kind do freedom? The west wouldn't stand for your version of freedom!
you forgot global warming
And vice versa.
Totally agree and congrats to you both...
You said yourself that this piece was editorial. So why shouldn't the journalist propose what constitutes another journalist? Or did you actually think this is the purview of Notley?
And Alberta is covered in leaking uncapped oil wells on farmland that companies have abandoned. For shame, for shame, Alberta. At least sewage biodegrades quickly.
Welcome to the People's Democratic Republic of Canada.
Vancharger - Stop wasting time on these boards and go back to the SUNTV forums where you belong.
So you reply by inferring farmers are thieves...
Another story about opiods... Home care and palliative care deficiencies are much more important and affects a greater number of Canadians
Harper is taking us down the yellow brick Greek road, his eight deficits and two recession is more proof than enough... unless of course your are an idiot.
I think you missed definition 1.
'Quebec recognised the validity of the Canadian constitution the second they invoked the NWC clause to override minority language rights.'Exactly!
Syria? Considering the West has stayed out, a clear case of damned if we do, damned if we don't, I suppose.
Codfish....so what? If it is illegal for people to misstate (on purpose or by accident), nearly all politicians would be in jail. If these were not true statements, the comments still had zero negative impact.
'If the Democrats run Hillary, they deserve to lose. And they probably will.'To which Republican or Tea Party buffoon or maybe Sarah Palin... talk about fatigue?
The post clearly says federal
' ..how Canada's aboriginal culture actually forms the basis of many aspects of Canada's political/legal structure..'Total nonsense !
So you know who they are and which ones wrote the comments. You have tried them in a court of law and found them guilty. And now you have pronounced sentence. Not very democratic Ken.
jkruspe2012 I'm saying that the TTC is populated by dullards. I'm also saying that, in my experience, the TTC does not provide a service. Rather, it's a punishment.
or they could all go on religious pilgrimage to prophit's birthplace and stay. seems like an increasingly likely scenario.
It might be solvable if we think more clearly. What we do now isn't exactly working.
You can call me a gun nut, but I've nothing to do with the NRA, an American organisation. Sometimes, I wonder if some people (you) are aware in which country they actually live.
He needs to explain to the Canadian people and our allies. Too difficult for you?
his father got hammered after one term
The whole concept of 'vicarious redemption of sin' is morally repugnant. Any analysis of it above the level of a grade school dropout can see it is so.
Ozcanuck13: Do your homework. Nowhere in the law does it say that anyone is "innocent." Except that little part of Section 11, of the Constitution Act, 1982. It says everyone is innocent.
You're a bore.
Yes the illiberal tone of many columnists has become more prominent, hasn't it?
This is supposed to be a newspaper story?
Quebec Separatism is at it's heart ugly ethnic nationalism. This controversy is only more proof of this.
Bravo, Foxy. You are the rare Canuck with clear vision. How colorful of the Globe to have someone from another planet write about the Marxist-racist-Islamist, member of the Muslim Brotherhood who would turn America into a Caliphate if given a chance.
The F-22 is superior to F-35... the US is even talking about reviving the program again
Excellent op-ed.
Yes, the United Nations. Nothing more than an unelected world governing body that should have been abolished before it was ever born.
If you believe that, we were also given the intelligence not to vote for idiots
All of Harper's brain washed and brain dead trolls on here defending their Dear Leader while being paid by Canadian Taxpayers.. What a pile of scum you are.
Note the word 'global', not 'domestic.'
This explains why Harper is putting his personal 'stamp' on Hudak's campaign. He really wants Hudak to lose.
No matter what party each of us is from, no matter whether you agree or disagree with the nannies issue, can we all, together, please focus on important issues? There are so many, let's pick one and start working as a proud nation.
Oh ya...You too buddy. Nah Nah Na Nah Na...
SteveVickRepoBoy writes..."The arthur is a speech therapist." Mr. Metcalf's wife is an author :)
Your first sentence describes your own comment.
If the so called transformation is true, why is our dollar falling when oil prices are tracking higher? Whatever happened to the Dutch disease arguments being thrown around by Commie Tommie?
just what the doctor ordered a weak government in times of strife... man alive
Right on!!
Yes, I can see many similarities between Mugabe and Obamination.
All colonialists, supremacists & loyalists inCanada celebrate a foreign royalty today. God give us a republic ASAP.
total corruption
Why don't you apply if it's such a great gig?
It would be helpful if the private sector, say a company like Porter, would actually buy the C-Series and not leave it to the federal government writing a cheque to show confidence in Bombardier's future. Just joking.
An excellent book !
Thank goodness for oceans.
So where does that leave Hindus?
Not mean minded just stupid
More people get their news from TV than read reasoned articles in newspapers now- or haven't you heard that independents are having a lot of trouble?
We are all victims of that greed.
THis guy is going to be at both debates for the next election, I take it?
Courtesy of union wages, the race to the bottom is well underway for a majority of Canadians.
'The reason there are so few women in science research, is that the women with super-high IQ are far fewer as men with super high IQ.'------------------------------------------------One does not need a 'super high IQ' to conduct scientific research.
Belief in god is dying fast. Thank god.
Harper will be greatly missed by many, especially as the Liberals destroy our sovereignty in the pursuit of the globalist agenda. It is happening already.
When you quote totally bogus numbers you are showing theweakness of your argument. Janitors make nothing like that sort of money most earn well under half as much
Wives? I don't think he married or even lived with any of them. "I love your hands"
And also got tossed for an undisclosed incident having to do with accusations by a young woman.
What? You right-wing bleeb, bleeb. Oops, I meant your observation is correct.
What planet are you from?
Please include our political establishment ...
We need to wean the unions off the sugar pill given to them by the Liberals
because that's the global geo-strategy you are so misinformed about. I'm willing to bet that your first instinct after this is that I'm a Harper supporter, right? Get informed!
What I would be interested in is the following; 'For those who are in the top '1%' how much wealth was earned through employment. Further, how much of their wealth as acquired via through inheritance or investments'
Very true Dr.
public health is all of our business as measles is highly infectious and puts added burden on our health care as well as economic costs in lost productivityget your head out of the sand!
"I don't believe Al Gore got rich from carbon credits." You can believe whatever you want to believe, but Gore did make millions through a variety of carbon scams through his company Generation Investment Management
In the future I think I'm going to refer to the conservative party as the reformatory party because that is what they're all about... Reform.
The cost of Mr Harper's crime policies should be displayed for all to see which should dispel the mythology of conservatives as prudent fiscal & economic managers.
Everyone won't be covered... at best Obamacare will leave 20.000,000 US citizens uncovered.
Hey, spelling, grammar and history are pretty useless too.
I know 'Christian' men who make their wives do everything. Why do you think it is just Muslims? Why would you want to go'on and on' about your narrow view of people? Have you ever lived in a predominantly Muslim country? I have.
http://www.forbes.com/sites/jacobsullum/2014/07/10/how-is-marijuana-legalization-going-so-far-the-price-of-pot-peace-looks-like-a-bargain/
Correction....the left progressives are....not all Canadians.
'Proposing measures that work.' God that was funny. Why would harper suddenly do that?
And don't forget that they got elected on the promise to be more transparent, accountable and ethical - yet they use the excuse of Liberal's past transgretions to do the same, except worse
Pierre Polyester. Imagine his compassion while dealing on this file. arghh.
Bah humbug?
Even though he speaks English with a strong French accent, it is the content that one should be listening to. He is a thoughtful, intelligent minister.
When supporters of the government refer to Mr Trudeau or Mr Mulcair.
''' Either the thumb voters here are not representative of Canadians,............'''Ya think? Is this your first day here?
We already know that John Ibbitson is a supporter of Harper, but I believe that most thinking and caring Canadians do not want to have our military in the middle east trying to do what?
Which European model? Do you have any idea how many countries there are in Europe, each with its own public health care system?
The truthful answer to that question is 'nobody knows'. That's a really easy thing to teach.
Western Civilization is surrendering.
I'd say that abortion is different, because people are arguing that the fetus has a right to life.
Wow. Perhaps Ms. Wente's best column. I am going to share this widely. Thank you.
Agreed... all we will have left in our wallets is 3 finny, at least until we meet up with theLoch Ness Monster.
I am in Alberta and don't take any offence to this, it's just politics and of course there is a certain truth to her comments. This is just the beginning of the pain for Alberta, and in fact for the rest of Canada; 2016 will not be over soon enough.
Don't feed the trolls.
Something doesn't add up -- how can I be over-billed more than I'm actually billed?
One hopes that your firearms are as safe and secure as your car ! Your young children cannot reach the pedals of your car, but can they pull a trigger ?
In other words; 'give us all we want, with no accountability as to how we spend 'our' money, and we'll love you - until the next time.'
I guess we can't take your comments as truthful moving forward.
Theobro it's chicken pox that can bring on shingles
You are misrepresenting the Framingham study. It in fact showed that dietary cholesterol has virtually no impact on serum cholesterol.
@Eric: I would venture to say far fewer than we know Harper has made. Omnibus bills are a coward's way of governing.
Not a crime equal with ...? All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing. A sin of omission is no less a sin than a sin of commission.
Do you know where the bank gets the money it lends out?
your god Harper added $150 Billion in debt, so get over yourself
Let this budgetCalm your fearsCast your vote For four more yearsBurma Shave
Must remember that line 'the twinkie Trudeau'It has a nice ring to it.
Just the fact that this hearing is happening is per of the general deterrence process.
Have you never heard of the word 'hypocrisy'?Maybe read the Salon article I posted below.
You don't have to hope that the U.S. loses credibility. It never had any to begin with.
Only partially facetious I blame that purple dinosaur, Barney. Where no one loses
Do you know that Canadians are one of the biggest users of anti-depression drugs?
And James Bartleman - a more recent Ontario Lt-Gov - although I might have missed it.
There should be a law for posting on the internet the same as driving a car. If I have to read another one of these uninformed posts from a naive 15 year old on their lunch break I'd go ask my neice. 
wow, you counter a series of arguments with: 'yeah, but he's wearing a designer undershirt!'talk about dumbed-down...
Even Paul Bernado got due process.
neither - he's at the library using the free wifi
Fine, if that is your opinion, but that does not make it "fact". Proportional representation refers to parties. The other systems refer to individual candidates. It all depends how you see the functioning of parliament and government.
There is equality between the sexes in Canada. It is very different in the developed world but politicians and feminists always focus on first world non-issues.
Did the G&M delete it, or the person who posted it?
Wins a prize for fiction
Because Canada does not have a big film industry compared to Hollywood.
Knew it had to be them Jews! No way the religion of Peace could be responsible! Damned tricky Jews... convincing poor Muslims to blow themselves up...
The government has set the standard.
The NDP would have won the election if Mulcair didn't botch the whole campaign. The Libs will spin anything to make themselves look good, "We are Liberals therefore we are right"...
The Progressive Conservatives died a well earned death. They served no-one. Don't let nostalgia fool you.
Jimy been sleeping under a rock for the past 30 years.
Ford and Harper should get no credit because they are big bad evil right wing fascist meanies. This one time, I saw Ford punch a kitten. This other time, I saw Harper steal a bowl of soup from a homeless guy.
I have a feeling that all the Pope is doing is saying priests can be gay. He's not saying that they should be practicing a gay lifestyle. This is not actually a new position for the church, just a new way of wording it.
Slavery was legal in England and the British Empire until the Slavery Abolition Act of 1833 - and even then, there were some exceptions.
Brilliant observation Lamont.
Such a weird coincidence. I was just trying to explain to a friend what the word drivel meant, and BOOM!, the Globe drops a textbook example.
And I suppose you're just another unbiased truth teller. In reality you're just a 'true believer' who is incapable of accepting factual challenges to your belief system. A card carrying member in Harper's 'prison of ignorance.'
We will rue the day these trough chomping twits clamped their greasy mitts on the furniture in the PMO. The smirk on Harper's face? That was simply a knowing smile When's the next election?
'The FN were a primitive stone age culture when 'discovered'.' WOW - the depth of your ignorance is astounding - and part of the ongoing problem for FN.
Steve must pay well, P III
Seriously, SERIOUSLY, what is Donald J Savoie thinking? I read his twaddle and could only think he's in the early stages of dementia.
you think the ones swarming Sweden and Germany for the generous social benefits are ever going 'HOME' ?life is easier in Sweden and Germany
Dear Bellboy, I answered you above. The use of this text as an excuse to attack gay people isn't warranted by any responsible scholarship. But that won't stop you.
Well said on behalf of all Canadians #welcomerefugees
the religious person in the article is the one being vicitmized, not the other way round.
Some journalists lean right some lean left and others try to maintain a neutral stance mainly for the sake of argument. And then there are others who are not very smart to pretend to be either. Guess which one is the writer of this article?
The coolest thing about whistling past the graveyard is that if you whistle *very* loud you can hear echos off the bigger tombstones.
You may have found a reasonable compromise.
Ranked ballots at the provincial and federal level would reduce the virulent partisanship we've seen for the past 10 years as each party couldn't simply rely on its core supporters and write off the rest of the population.
Russia invaded Ukraine, remember?
Really??? Homeless people wandering the streets, flood ravished homes, big deficits, food banks suffering a growing need, health issues, veterans not getting the help they need and you think rodeo is the elephant in the room? Strange.
So why is Trudeau also falling into line? Is he as dumb and naive as everyone says he is? It appears that you think so.
Do not confuse charisma with a hairdo.
Should read Germany and France... not Aged and France.. sorry iPad typo.
It's not as much legalization as taking control of the distribution, that's the true benefit for our society, taking it away from organized crime.
Did you ever hear of Bay Street? They are Wall Street on a smaller scale. Untold numbers of of Canadians were adversely affected by the 2008 meltdown.
Well said:
this writer clearly does not realize what trump is doing so she completely fabricates lies to creaet fear among voters
As a precedent, ancient Athens selected their upper political elite in much the same way.
I hoped Harper would have done more then the previous 13 years of complete liberal inaction on climate change when Chr?tien was in power.
How? Was she drunk? I don't remember it that way.
Ah yes - inconvenient truths ....By the way - they missed ( me ) .....
hey crack....it is already there... pick up a phone book... or ask the cabbie to go see the girls
Where do you see squeeze Left signs.?
Beware the Green Mafia, the gurus promised everyone that New York City would be under 30 feet of ice by now and that the Statue of Liberty would have to move to Cleveland to live with relatives.
That's all baloney nicky/truthhurts/retiree. You have no proof for any of that. You also need to watch your mouth with the insults. Oh, and try going back to public school to see if you can finish this time.
Harper will get 4 more years, he is just a smarter man than Trudeau, has more experienceGet use to it.
Wow! How easy would that job be?
Have you looked at the NDP platform? It's very specific. Do some reading. Don't wait for the media to spoon-feed you.
It's also the fault of those that voted for liberal governments too.
Here's a counter to your post. http://arcturus415.wordpress.com/2013/08/30/advanced-super-hornet/
This has become a most serious issue and we have set up World Benzo Awareness Day (W-BAD) which is set to take place on 11 July 2016. http://www.benzo-case-japan.com/publicity-b-english.php
Apparantly you geniouses missed my first sentence. The officer was clearly in the wrong here. I said that already. That doesn't make right what sammy was doing that got everyone into this mess.
who really cares what this hasbeen cares about
That you got three thumbs up frightens the hell out of me.
You forgot we live in a fee society and neither of those left wing media vote Oh yes most crackies are left wing scroungers
Only the Globe would write 'luvs' instead of using the proper spelling of the word in an editorial headline. It's not swell to misspell. What has happened to journalistic standards in this country ?
....is it is the taking of a human life.
Wow. No 'groundswell' of posts from you, eh?You don't have any connection to The Convenience Store Association, do you?
Attack Muslim countries and you will be attacked. For example the US, Britain, France, Spain, Germany, Canada. They all attacked Muslim countries before they were attacked.
The head clown is sitting in the mayor's office.
You know, it's not a "loophole" when the government explicitly passes a law to make it an option, right? That's like calling the GST cut a "loophole", it just makes you sound stupid.
So let's all move to Scandinavia then.
And yet she won. So your point is what exactly?
Bill Clinton had very little to do with this election. The issues on Hillary Clinton's side were almost all to do with her own political history and political interference by the FBI and Russian hackers.
What a pointless statement.
Babies have no natural immunity and we need to protect them. Old people have declining ability to naturally fight off diseases. We need-as a society- to protect these people by being vaccinated.
Exactly....still not what you would call democracy.
Maybe once they're trained, the teens can teach anti-bullying to the PMO.
I would think it's the guy silencing scientists and browbeating anyone who disagrees with him that has the closed mind.
Absolutely correct. Windy Craggy had a mine life estimate of something like 70 years before the commies under Harcourt mothballed it.
Matt, beautiful. Not a lot of real estate between cognitive dissonance and bad faith/intellectual dishonesty.
Oh! It was the Finns that were rioting. Please.
Your post is incoherent.
You're logic is flawed. Once a person makes beyond the guaranteed amount, it is taxed back.
You can vote based on little thefts if you want. I'd rather keep an eye the big thefts. The big thefts keep showing up in the red tent.
If the NDP manages two or three more majorities everyone will be ready for a change.
'Have you hired new people recently?'No, they cribbed somebody's blog posting from the other day.
We don't need immigrants, we need good paying jobs. Immigration has become a drain on the economy and benefits few.
If you are a politician, misleading the press (or any voter) about ANYTHING is wrong.
Yes Alberta would have added it to their zero provincial sales tax which would still be zero. I believe that is the point you wanted to make.
they fought for the queen, erect it in england.
So are you boosting nuclear?
Joseph 'Brant.'
sirencall, you need to read up on your man-God Turdeau Sr. and do a little growing up yourself. You progs seem to have very short political memories, so until you get that fixed, perhaps you shouldn't speak of things you obviously know nothing about.
work on your debating skills
You are a mere 180 degrees off.
Should people who work for government be allowed to vote? I say no.They would unfairly impact elections, as they would always vote for a larger and larger government.
Then focus on better enforcement. How do you enforce values?
This strike me as an insufficient reason to swallow the other aspects of this bitter bill.
get real Wally; the liberal base does does not condone any of these barbaric practices. do you really think the original thinking behind multiculturalism somehow condoned honour killing. give me a break.
Well said. No pipeline, no trains with crude, either. I wonder what's causing all those traffic jams in Montreal? Must be all the vehicles fuelled with poutine...
.Yes he did, and than the governments (US, UK, Russia and Canada) that make the decisions on the what, where, when and how sat on 'it', doing NOTHING) The UN does NOT make unilateral decisions, the nations that form the security council DO..
We don't need any more Liberal in this country. Send them packing
Religious ideology as absurd as it sounds.
Actually, it's about to become "all about" joining the international community working to stop climate change. But you won't read about the U.N. latest input on this matter, news this morning on CBC, hereabouts.
A brood of lying, conniving snakes in the PMO
You like to use the word Facist, seth. Do please tell us what you understand that label to mean. Then compare and contrast your 'notion' with reality.
You say her column is half baked, and then go on to reinforce her message. Not sure I get your point.
Um...Hillary does the same thing.
Scary sometimes.
ann - in Canada this has nothing to do with the beliefs of government leaders. It has to do with moral cowardice, vote pandering, and in the case of our pathetic premier in Ontario, utter hypocrisy.
He discovered the hard way that joking about beating women is not cool. And the majority of people would say, go figure. I hope.
Without the rants, Trump will lose the deplorables ............
Still living in the past eh, Jack?.
When like Trudeau you issue a daily apology, it becomes meaningless.
Less than 45% of Liberal 'supporters' have registered to vote in the leadership. TruDoh's first flop. And most of them are over 50. TruDoh's second flop.
So the lesson to take home here is that we need quieter drones.
Thank you TL for being a shining example of the universal truth that, while we are all not handed the same hand in life, it's how you play it that is more important than the actual cards in it.
Well done.
AND JUSTIN WANTS A DEFICIT AND ANY PRICE!!!
Pamela Wallin and Mike Duffy aren't about greed??? And Dear Leader covers for them! It appears that greed is not only a Fiberal value. Stiv PMO Ramone better do more research.
'Have you seen, the muffin man....the muffin man....the muffin man....have you seen the muffin man.....hiding down closet lane?'
'The premiers meet: Sound, fury and not much significance'--G&M EditorialAnd they are insufferably Parochial as always!
Reminds me of Dan rather, the left winger making up fake news on 60 Minutes about George W Bush. He was forced to resign. It happens on all sides of the political spectrum.
how does 'any of us' know whether Garratt know is a spy or not? I certainly don't
Crikey, I haven't been this mad at Australia since Air Supply was around. Keep your cons at home, Aussies. No one else wants them.
We pee 99% of them so I guess our fish aren't vitamin depleted.
A Hydro worker is fired for a mysoginist rant. Police Officers keep their jobs after assaulting the public on the job and lying about it.Think about for a moment.
Arrogance made the 'bring it on' crowd so deaf and blind.
What 'moderate' Syrian rebels are you referring to? Al Qaeda? Nusra?
'BINGO!' Oh, sorry. Thought we playing a game. I'm sure you could cram a few more hackneyed cliches in there if you tried
I'm guessing a lot of Liberals are having buyers remorse these days. Could have had an actual rocket scientist as leader, but instead they chose the substitute teacher. It says more about the party than I ever could.
What real estate agents are you paying? I don't even think that the commission are 5% anymore so $90,000 is way out of line.
Must be a union stewart
Conserva-speak: Liberal bias--ideas Conservatives hate. Conservative bias--no such thing.
The 14.7B is absolutely comical to be honest. So many things are not factored into this figure. People wouldn't save as much without it, doesn't account to capital gain tax credits, capital losses....
Harper was just promoting oil pipelines, he did no invest in the oil industry. The oil industry generated billions of dollars for the economy. Green energy is still a drag requiring government subsidies to survive.
She is in prison, and very ill- have you no compassion?
Oh yes, the time of the Crusades was very secular and Democratic!
The insularity and ignorance of the self-absorbed is 'beyond contempt.'
The same rules affected Chretien who was also a control freak. Did you complain about that ?
It might be that the author isn't reading these comments, so can't respond. If other Muslims reading this would reply to the question, that would also be enlightening.
When are they bringing Dr. Porter back to be a Conservative Senator. The world is so predictable. Mr. Harper ...resign. This si getting close. I hope the RCMP still have some honour enough to pursue the OINKERS to the top.
Agreed. I think this little ditty sums it up:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iLfbp-HEylU
Anything a reader posts extemporaneously that shows disrespect for a PM, other than Harper, is abusive and must be removed.
The G&M's censorship is now reaching Pravda-like proportions
You always count on the government to screw things up, over charge and make a mess of simple things.
Religion - A con job of massive proportions.
Lets see. Dix was going to give a 40% tax credit so someone in LA could make more money, all the while opposing every other economic initiative imaginable. I'm not from BC but I'm starting to wee why he didn't get elected.
Money is good.
We can see why you will always be a boot licker.
Women are just as idiotic, particularly when young. They're just idiotic over different things. God knows they're idiotic enough about men.
Trumpeters of the north strike again. None with grandkids, apparently, in keeping with self-absorbed worldviews.
Unfortunately there are more of them than us! What this all amounts to is subsidizing people's lifestyles today by subsidizing their retirements later. But if you can't beat them, do you really want to join them?
You call 9 million franco-canadians a 'small minority'?
Elizabeth May has made the same case you have made, it underlines the Liberal position on Combat bombings being in FACT the most ineffectual response to ISIL.
Rona, is that you ?Still relying of tubby's speaking notes, eh ?
'a weaker democracy, a polarized electorate' remind me of Harper's government
Whoa fellas! All this sounds dangerously close to "hysteria" and "harper-hatin'" (if you ask me). Right Yakabuski?
Canadian Old Boy = dhimmi
'Regrettable'?! It's an admission of guilt.
Of course the mainstream media weren't biased in Trudeau's favour.
Only as good as his next bozo eruption.
There are no greater outsiders than privileged white folks.
Renewables and energy storage compete for Coal's marketplace far more than oil's.
Are G&M stories available as podcasts?
'F*** OFF Globe and Mail'Why are you reading Globe, and why are you posting here then?
tell us your critical faculty is beyond this
I'm not defending the Liberals. They won't get my vote either. And it is a low blow... from Hudak! How he will one day be able to look his kid in the face is beyond me. Shameless politician. Shameless parent.
I hate the pope already
The greater crime is the Russian persecution of its gay community. In Feb., 2014 the Putin controlled parliament is to introduce a law to take children from gay parents. And Canadians are worried about fashion. Is all sport this mindless?
Those are always your most intelligent posts, Prog.
The only thing you have on your side, or rather on both sides, is blinkers.
I guess he means the Regressive Conservative party in parliament
We don't even have 'free-trade' across Canada for things such as labour mobility. So what do the European's expect?
The current government has had, and wasted, many opportunities to dig itself out of the hole you claim the Liberals dug. A pox on both their houses.
'Ottawa has room to run a few years worth of modest, or even not so modest, deficits.'Rona will not be pleased...
Absolutely, remarks that we as Canadians would condemn if it was a US citizen talking about Blacks is par for the course here when it comes to first Nations.
You want us to kick out everyone who is not like you?
Two years from now we'll still be talking about this, another visionary idea from Jr with no thought beyond votes behind it, meanwhile , he opened the door to anyone that wants to go into business selling it.
Judging from what I read in these forums, most of the contributors would not then be part of the mainstream world you are refering to.
http://www.shd.ca/
while Trump has his own issues its clearly pathetic that such a bias sheep of left wing stupidity ignores hillaries corruption and lies
' .. Japan with FUKUSHIMA is killing us, several times that of Chernobyl...'Abject nonsense !!In spite of the rare headline grabbing nuclear malfunction it is overall the safest electrical energy source, base load capable, near zero CO2 ....
M Wente's next 'uninformed rambling' for the Toronto Globe & Mail(apparently my national newspaper ...not) could be 'Newspapers Are Obsolete'.Or maybe she could just get somebody else to write the article for her. Help ....
so how is Canada's Bre-X doing?
I followed Shollenberger arguments at Lucia's site. I saw him lie/fabricate multiple times. That's adequate evidence for me. You can believe him if you want, but I won't even consider his arguments.
Are you actually saying that Horwath or Hudak were better choices, because unfortunatley neither showed they were remotely capable of forming, let alone running, a government.
Hmm.. bad finance, but maybe good science. You ad hom is noted though.
Perhaps one day the G&M servers will be hacked
We already compare favourable to the private sector US system but unfavourably to the various public systems. Why then would we want to privatize parts of our Canadian system and become more like the US?
'Nuclear energy, of course, is carbon-free and therefore an excellent energy source for limiting greenhouse gas emissions,'So it's a no-brainer. Go with nuclear energy. '? except that most environmentalists hate nuclear power.'Oh well.
Is that what you conservatives call it.
The problem is that these days when a pass is made and turned down the young man does not move on but moves in.
The schtick too many Canadians have fallen for is Mr. Harper's fake schtick as a good manager of the economy.
The claims trump made about the Clinton Foundation will child's play compared to his conflicts of interest here.
Quebec produces large quantity of clean hydro. Why can we not buy it from them?
...and not inflated the price of housing with ill-timed tax credits for housing and tradesmen and other little boutique wedge-politic driven tax goodies which drain away government revenues for spending on healthcare and pensions.
Hello Rachel, Goodbye Prentice. Hello Justin or Thomas, Goodbye steve. Hockey, Anyone?
A) close down the oil Sands B) with the money saved by closing the oil sands...........errrrrrrrrrrrnever mind
Tabloid vocabulary...
Just a bunch of users.
Ya, ya, Roch. When the time comes. Mean time, enjoy a return to the days of Chaos and Get Smart !
So you have evidence that the PMO directed the RCMP to use your words 'was directed to go after people at the behest of the PMO'! You should provide that evidence to your nearest police detachment.
Exactly. His main point is that he's been good on economic issues (which I don't agree with) but that's the job of Prime Ministers. To me the equivalent is Mussolini's assertion that at least the trains run on time.
The same lunatic who is an admirer of Saddam Hussein! Birds of a feather........
I didn't know this....I must say I'm rather shocked.
Il faut lire ? ou relire! ? 'Le Camp des Saints,'* de Jean Raspail (1973).??????* a reasonable, if somewhat pedestrian, translation by Norman Shapiro, 'The Camp of the Saints,' used to be, may still be, available for downloading, archive. org.
I think this is a very good analysis and one that's I've thought about many times. Well said Bob Adamson.
there is no case for more funds for BOMB, case closed
You must be pretty young to think that those that lost the last federal election did not believe in stimuli. It just shows your level of knowledge on the subject.
Rifleman, Right. I've heard something like 90 million working age Americans are not working. Fifty million are on food stamps.
You nailed it. They would have been far better off being open and honest about her pneumonia. But they prefer the route of not being forthcoming with the American people. Strange, very strange indeed.
Barry ,There are no Blue collar workers in Halifax. Its all public service ,Navy or university. Public purse peasants. Dartmouth is where the wealth is created, administered, stored or sold.
I'm not aware of the British, the Canadians and the Australians SUCCESSFULLY 'addressing the problem of male underachievement'. It's still an issue, and trying harder to make them more like girls is madness.
this left even hates user names
politics aside, if you are to tax people on transit, you have to give them what they want (being reasonable of course)Asking people to pay more and giving them transit they don't want will not get a consensus
An 'opinion', appearing in the Op-Ed section of a media outlet, by definition has 'bias' because it is, after all, an opinion. Why should the author(s) declare a bias if the reader is too thick understand the obvious?
Let the market control this. Don't hire the graduates. No business or government wants or needs the obvious low value of their education.
Cant really say that if most of those foreign buyers are from one particular group
Um, Mike? I *did* read the book. I'm not sure Wente did.
Who was that? Thor?
Your point being, what?
This gets displayed?
I would be really surprised if Mr. Rae ever accepted an appointment from the current government (in its present, or any future mandate).
Turkey is NATO ....then what...
You made one good point. I doubt that any self respecting tea-partier would hide in a closet during a national crisis.
'Canadians of convenience.' Gotta wonder what small-minded bigot thought that term up. A Reformer, no doubt.
Try re-reading the piece.
There are going to be a lot of disappointed progressives come October.
The 'emasculation' of the CBC was accomplished long ago when it was taken over by the gender feminist ideological framework. It has it's reputation for inclusive journalism and free speech for half the population.
There's a third option - (iii) the comparison is not valid (apples & oranges), which is what is being done when climate multimodel mean trends are compared to climate observations over short timeframes of less than 30 years.
No political bang or quick profits from a long slow rebuilding plan - retail politics kills it
So funny to see a French Canadian politician trying to change the English lyrics when the French version is a Catholic, French Canadian ethnic nationalist battle hymn
That one is getting a little stale...
The Globe's forthcoming endorsement of Harpo has the same kind of inevitability as that 'plop' sound that follows a bowel movement.
R Hebner, Your main point seems to be that you feel Canadians are dumb. I'd peg you as a Liberal. Just a hunch.
Why should we be involved? The best we could do is apologise to the ME countries for interfering and declare neutrality.
'racists and bigots'...liberal code for white
Hahaha! You're right. They cracked down on dogs in our local Vancouver park and now it's dead, hardly anyone appreciates the park any more.
Hey, Gerry B, why do you reply under the name 'Cassandra from Ottawa'?
Many wear it thinking it is religious but its not. I have met Muslims who admit it is not in the Quran and was worn long before Islam. It is cultural not religious. Please find the section in the Quran where it says they have to wear it.
You need to be reported and your account suspended
If you own property in Canada you can still voteWhy are some people not reading?
I doubt that there will be much nostalgia for the Liberals you just described.
Good catch on the turnout - I checked vote by demograpghic but not turnout
Bang on! 100% correct!
no, it is logical; the last people to register that will be the Anglo media, led of course by the clueless Maclean's, loudly proclaiming Peladeau some mastermind
...& to us your posts will always be boring & pedestrian with no proof of jack ever doing that
yeah, it reminds me of the rock band 'the who' kept coming back for another 'farewell' concert. We all love Justine
Frankly put, this is a statement that should have come from the Prime Minister. Bravo Mr. Trudeau for stepping in with much needed leadership on this matter.
This is not a cbc discretionary decision. Wake up.
The NDP is incapable of governing well. They are too stupid.
The fun of 'Comments' notwithstanding (not that my comment below is anything but serious), does anyone know how and to whom to make a nomination?
You got it, Rob... thanks.
PS. And this guy wants me to vote for him? He must be mad!
Spoken like a true Republican ....
Speaking for Canadian naturists / nudists, I say, Hear! Hear!
Dark Daze Ministry of truth and hate, nice diversion.
Statements like this one by Joe Dick reveal that the PMO has run out of intelligent talking points and will now spew nonsensical drivel to inspire their followers.
How the heck did you come up with that? Check out the groups involved, Einstein...
I seriously doubt that we are dealing with homebuyers from China here. You obviously didn't follow the story. Our banks are approving these mortgages, so it all legal.
Not according to CSIS - but between their vested interests and history of lies, why would anyone trust CSIS?
Mtl, if you weren't pushing the limits of absurdity, you would be a joke.
She's absolutely right, of course. Humour IS the best weapon against this egotistical little weenie. Trump won't last his first term, I'll bet.
Nanakanda, India's middle class is more than 300 Million educated people. Get an education.
the link would not work for some reason
Your stance is like calling prostitutes as sex workers.
You'll have a lot of company in the dementia ward after Harper's catastrophic loss.
Let's just give up sanctifying Farley Mowat. The man was an entertaining writer and a bald-faced liar.
go live in India, South America, or even the USA for awhile, try obtaining government services, then come back to Canada and ask that question.
That will be done as soon as Harper pays back $1B in partisan ads paid by Canadian Taxpayers....Belly up to the bar buddy ....your turn idiot@!
Earthquakes, you say? Oh, well. No dumber than the rest of your post.
Your comment is nonsense!!!!Your only response is to change the subject?
The 'non-procreational' bit is simply fundie homophobia. I don't think he is referring to straight couples past reproductive age.
Wow! There has only been a couple more posts since I posted that survey. I guess i shut down this comment stream. Hard to debate facts isn't it folks?
Lets face it Butts and Telford run the country and will probably run this show in China, Trudeau is like one of those goofy puppets and he will do what they say.
Yes, and so are we for having read your article.
'Public sector pensions have been paid for by public sector employees and their employer (the government)'----------ROFLMAOAnd where oh where did all that money come from?
So Ron, are you willing to don a uniform and fight? Thought not. Just another couch sitter with a keyboard calling others cowards. Pathetic.
Some really interesting choices. I will definitely try at least some of them. But, where is Amerca?
Another point she omits is that many people's pension payouts are cut dollar for dollar as soon as OAS kicks in.
hey peter forte, the high tech future of renewables will drag you OUT of the horse and buggy age, of which fossil fuel combustion is a part.
I just don't buy it. You are free to speak until you offend Liberals. They take insults personally
How about stuff they don't own ?houses > mortagedautos > leasedrecreational toys > loan
And she smokes Gauloises. Another reason the establishment don't like her.
The media bears some responsibility for this problem, no question.
Mentionitis! DenFMoral has a boy crush!
They didn't perjure themselves. You and the general public are not understanding the verdict.
'Their Catholic neighbours stayed poor and backward' -- soooo, for example, Italians & Ukrainians are backwards? Really? Why is the Globe devolving into sensationalistic rascist rants?
Great! Sound's like I'm going to come out on the winning side for the next eight years!
Political correctness always protects incompetent and dump drivers. The then assigned remedies always wreck misery on the other 95% or so drivers.
hudak is a joke and only talks about selling cheaper beer.
I am patiently waiting for the day when President Trump and Trudeau have to shake hands over dinner.
'Party discipline' means turning off your brain and letting your party tell you what to do - on that basis alone, municipal politics is the more demanding.
Try standing at Harbord and St. George at 8AM on a weekday. If only a quarter of the cyclists that go by in 30 mins are women, I will eat a bicycle.
Unlike Palestinian atrocities against Israelis, the Israeli government condemned Goldstein's actions. The Lavon Affair or the USS Liberty massacre, huh?
Expansion and money supply can hide that for a very long time. We have a similar problem here but the government isn't inclined to do anything about it.
There are no TV journalists anymore, there are just teleprompter readers with pretty faces (facelifts) to deliver the lies of the day from the government and the connected elite.
Slowly, slowly people seem to be realizing that 'science' is often wrong and more about making money than objective truth. Especially medical science.
That's what saving up bons mots for several months does. Welcome back.
Poor Richard. He can't get the moderators to censor out a post in time that he disagrees with. Typical far Lefty...
And yet the people who disagree with you have more detailed responses than you.
Took me a few takes... but lol! Well spoken, Comrade.
Many much more easy efficient killing methods than guns.
This is her canada day column not her terrorist column. Get it?
We aren't forced to buy Quebecor newspapers. We are forced to host the CBC on our televisions.
Those cities you mentioned have high paying jobs in industries like banking and law. Vancouver has developers, realtors, and baristas.
I've revised my opinion on Obama: he's not a fascist, he's a psychotic fascist. Thank you Snowden for the warning about the NSA's ears on the entire world. Wake up US, he's Bush X2
A vote for Trump is one for a lying, cheating, unprepared bigot.
Yes Richard, but most of these alternatives are not viable now as was proven in Ontario/Germany .Plus,most people on this site and other ones never offer any VIABLE ways of producing revenue, all fairy dust so far. Please enlighten me.
He's not toast because he's the only one who won't raise taxes. All the other candidates are yelling 'free candy' while they rob us.
What's next - rules on flossing? This is an over-the-top paranoid reaction from one narcissistic culture on the practices of another narcissistic culture.
Still there.
Wynne the loser allows the unions to tell her what to do.
He'd feel as safe as he did in the broom closet.
When the migrants meet government officials, they are meek and mild, smiling and in need of help. Angela Merkel, Obama and Justin, never meet the sort of men you are talking about.
Stop the nonsense!
How about setup a CBC Trust like they do with PBS, I take it you never watch Masterpiece Theater where they list their donors.
Oh Mel, there you go again!
I think Russia has been provoking the situation in Chechnya. I don't blame the Chechens for fighting back against the Muscovites...
@progressive if you think Harper didn't have any scandles in office you're eaither A: Not paying attention. B: blinded by extreme partisanship. C: senile.
Amen brother
They serve food on Rouge and trust me, I would rather not eat that.
Torture is a form of power and oppression, both of which are the result of economic interests in that country. The rhetoric of democratizing nations is nothing more than a window dressing to occupation and extraction of their resources.
Was it this year, last year or the year before that Alberta posters here were objecting to balance of payments flowing east instead of back into their province?
And you are the one to decide what a journalist is?? Or do you just want to ban any opinion that differs from yours??
Its a bit circular there fella, because the law is what they say it is, being the supreme court.
I can safely walk in any Italian m, Jewish , Greek segregated community and the people are friendly an welcoming. Not an issue. Walk away not a Muslim no go zone and you will be hoarded and drove out.
The CPC is a criminal enterprise.
The problem isn't that the city doesn't consult -- it just ignores what it hears!
No country deserves someone like trump. However, the gop does.
I would live in Toulouse.
? faites comme chez vous, mais un peu aussi comme chez nous-notez aussi qu'il n'y a pas de menu halal ou kasher ? la caf?teria de l?Assembl?e Nationale? ?
Of course they do. But this doesn't mean they shouldn't pay a high marginal tax rate at the upper end. They will still be making vastly more (and justifiably so), after tax.
way to play partisan
I do appreciate your input on this discussion--thoughtful and logical and respectful. Thank-you, once again.
mort. Not according to the BNA.
If a chid gets sick because of not being vaccinated, their parents should be charged with child endangerment. plain and simple.
She is an industry all on her own.
Yes, I am voting Conservative this time as well... for the very same reason as you are, Steve. Thanks.
Why do you think they got out of China?
. Wow, Willad87, very impressive. So, I guess you know all about this too, eh? http://youtu.be/amu-yy5hnFA .
You are a nutbar aren't you?
Under Canadian system libertarian would won...
Hm. Interesting. Yet how was your wife treated in the middle east, or does that not matter so much?
But everyone knows everything is cheaper in the US. Except for those who are actually comparing apples to apples, but why do that??? It sounds better as propaganda.
Soon--we can say it now.
No, that's complete BS: Tartars aren't the majority. Please stop lying.
John Baird, Jason Kenney, The Ford brothers... I can see them in a tuque holding a bottle of beer and spouting inanities..
Trudeau will regret his quote (said many times): 'Mr. Harper wants you to believe thereare terrorists behind every tree, under every rock'. Unfortunately, it just takes ONE treeor ONE rock to do serious damage. A boy in charge, how sad.
It's past time for The Globe and Mail to change its support for the Conservative Party of Canada.
If you're going to quote, at least make an effort to get it right. ?? For me, pepper, I put it on my plate ?. ?
Strong language .... So when someone disagrees with you they are ' white supremacists and neo - Nazis ' ? Remember when you point fingers ... there are at least three pointing back at you ...
So clearly, based on yesterdays equally misleading article about the same thing, the Stackhouse/Crawley CPC outpost is tasked with promoting this nonsensical pipeline idea.
Gee? 6 thumb downs? Maybe I should have replaced urchins with mouth breathers?
Your father should have told you that adults who have nothing constructive to say should say nothing.
Feeble excuse, Ambrose. very feeble. Not agreeing that they should void the deal, but Liberals have taken this path before.
Worthy cause no doubt, but enough with the DEMANDS and EXPECTATIONS that Canadians should support this or that or some other thing. Atwood, - you are not my mom, so buzz off!
So the usual Liberal suspects have not showed up yet or the PMO really does not know how to retort someone that has been there and done that. Chris?, Jimbo?, you-hoo!!
You can't abandon one without abandoning the other.
Assad's regime is murdering Syrians, aided by the murderous and imperialistic regime of Putin. We should nothing to do with either.
Good one, Michele. When Mr. Martin went north, it wasn't with a big dog-and-pony show and silly Putinesque posing. That might be why Dr. Flanagan 'forgot' - because it was business, not photo-op.
No, it doesn't mean that.
Obama is not.
Jr. - Trudeau, part time drama teacher and snow board instructor...... remember....
'There is no question that some will be offended by 'barbaric' 'No doubt Justin Trudeau will be offended.
Putin is a criminal warlord. He only understands power
No, the Saudis are the largest funder of Daesh, which is a natural expression of Wahhabism. How many Christians, Jews or Atheists live in Mecca?
He has no power to change the provincial system
This article was a big disappointment. Thank you Ms Henein. Now women know that wasting their time reading your emotion-based opinion piece is not an option.
the cold truth is there are more people interested about OD of RE, than OD of ER, in B.C.
His policy is 'guess and check'. Let us hope he guesses correctly. Does he have good reason for this guess? Who knows? And who is really in charge?
Shribman's calm analysis is such a relief compared to the shrieking lamentations of the likes of Saunders and Kenzior.
zero sympathy from me. why do these corporations have a 'right' to torture animals, for profit?
A scandal of a mayor smoking crack on a video comes nowhere close to the scale and issues of the French, Russian, or Haitian revolutions.
For Barry - the decision on Keystone was 100% politics in appeasing his big donation enviro supporters - all with big money to be made by peddling the enviro storyline - right, Al Gore, Soros etc???
fuck this man to hell and back, with a rancid cactus puncturing his ass along the way
How about cutting the salaries of polities and their golden pension plans before cutting the salary of a cop or fireman... right and readying that right wing rag, you'll get a fundamentally unbias take on the issue... LOL
Yes I'm sure doing mushrooms and eating berries requires massive intelligence.
'...work to defeat the single most dangerous government this country has EVER elected'.Too late Ron, Pierre Trudeau left politics many years ago.
Its actually rather sad. What does the G&M expect other than a whitewash from two deeply committed religious people? This lack of respect for its readers is grating.
I think tea leaf reading may still be accurate.
Do you think that bigotry, racism, and hate should be excused just by calling it 'politically incorrect?'
And why not?
You nailed it./..
President Trump: How & Why... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GLG9g7BcjKsTrending on Youtube
Yes - nice insights.
Well I am in the US and I read the G&M. Not convinced by the editorial. voting for Trump
including my subscription to the globe and mail?
someone who is ethnically jewish and engages in political activism on that basis. e.g. a zionist, or some other type of activist affiliated with one of thousands of Jewish organizations.
That is because they are inundated with ads and articles by the PMO telling you that he is. He is not weak and most of his moves have been borne out to be right.
The Liberals need a big, visionary idea. I suggest it be the abolition of child poverty in Canada.
The worst president in history is Bush 2, and everyone knows it.
Shhhhhhhh Brian dense want people to know
If arbitrary and illegal search and seizure by a country's police force doesn't bother you, then what does?
bilzy: Yes, I think the CBC is relevant. You aren't, though.
'Can't make it on your own, eh?'Nobody makes it completely on their own. Even Edison needed assistants.
They shouldn't, Margaret, because making kale chips with your children is just one small way of spending quality time with them. And, the truth is, that's what children want, more than anything else.
well spoken
FOX News is left wing now, is it? Methinks someone need to re-assess their own biases.
I figure the noise is part of the recipe. If you have to almost shout to be heard, it dries out you out a bit, and you add a bit more fluid. I try to dance around the noise by not eating out on busier days or times.
Is that a prophecy?
jc's right, Sheep. We're still engaged. Marriage is later this week. Honeymoon will last longer for Liberal voters than others but nonetheless, let's be reasonable with our expectations.
Perhaps he'd been coaching Cross Country and Track and Field from Easter on.
I don't think there's anything wrong with parents wanting their children to learn about religion in school. Who funds it is the only point that should be of argument imo.
You can leave a "surplus" if you don't spend money promised and sell off assets. Nobody really believes there was a real surplus. Trudeau campaigned on a deficit- to stimulate the economy. We aren't surprised by this.
Wow... sexist or whatDon't you know it's 2016?
The shoe bomber and the IRA from the UK. The Oklahoma City bomber. The Paris attackers from Belgium and France. The Red Brigades from Italy. Just close our doors to everyone.
Ever heard of freedom of the press? Or does that offend your sensibilities?
Roberto, the same white males who put in place constitutions that allow everyone the vote ?
Actually he said "no brainier"; he can't spell either...
i wonder... if JT wins the next election will zealots, like yourself, be calling the shots?
Constrained by Congress? I suppose that could be said with the expectation of a Democrat as President. But on matters of 'bombs away!' we know congress would not constrain Hillary.
According to Amazon, Pinketty's book has sold out in the print edition and is number one in the Kindle edition, so Wente as usual doesn't know what she is writing about, quite a few people besides policy wonks care about this subject.
So when is the US banning headgear worn by the Amish and the Jews? As you said, that is also a form of religious based tyranny that is a direct threat to an individual and a society's freedom
Nor mine. Even when I go for a physical every year, my bloodwork is only does biannually.
...and ballooned the debt. He put a hit on science big time by deflecting funding from NASA to his pet Star Wars project.
I'm gonna guess 'smelled'.
Illegal? 'Capitalistic'? Let me guess
Just because you can do something doesn't mean you should.
Hey, now, crownline, the people who agree with the author of this comical tome obviously don't care about such details. Heck, they prefer the idea that the only cheating ever done comes from the right! Don't bother them.
That is a burka- and very few women wear that outside of Saudi Arabia. They remove it at home.
The article may be right, however Saunders does not give any sources that I can see to back up his argument.
You know I wouldn't put it past him
Arson occurs everywhere throughout the world. Why are you certain that this was related?
Wow you've made a lot of $0.50 today!
How about forming a groupQueers Against Russian Apartheid of Gays - QuARAGbased onQuAIA - Queers Against Israeli Apartheid, that Toronto group
I don't think the chant was meant to be taken seriously. It was just an expression of dissatisfaction borrowing wording from recent events elsewhere.
It is more than 44 years. Prior to that his dad ran Alberta, and he was from the stone age.
Where I come from thats called delusional.
Doesn't getting caught with her hand in the till mean anything at all? Stealing is genderless. If you do it you do it.
and yet the idiots in ontario can't wait to vote for the liberals again
Mulcair will never make history.
You don't have a clue about the ring of fire. Maybe a higher education is in order
As a woman, I hate it when women play the victim game. It denigrates real victims, and they are out there.
Don't hold your breath. Lawrence is a fanboy and was a big part of Junior's last campaign.
They may have supported it when it ISIS was part of those countries political agenda but when ISIS is threating their governments , its a different story.
Ken Maynard you've got some issues with reality
Salaried physicians? It has been tried and failed in Communist regimes many, many times. Why would we repeat the same mistake? Guess Andre does not learn from previous mistakes either.
Really good article.....let the discussions begin!
On the other hand, if those scientists either hid the data (but not their conclusions) or manipulated the data to support their theories, most sensible peole would, at very least, be skeptical.
Which means if you're mentally disturbed, you're gonna die. No thanks.
Who cares!!!!
Probably probably.
One of the few people who resigned their appointment was Leanne Lewis in February of this year, her position was voluntary... way to go Liberals!
She struck a nerve. Again.
and yet it was the liberals who were proven guilty....go figure?
What? You actually think it's 'leftie' to protest a bill that would allow the State increased abilities to spy on its own citizens and detain without charge? You are clueless.
What you suggest is socialism
Just curious. What do you say about the antarctic Ice growing faster than ever before?
What do you mean? The commies are coming? One red under each bed?
There are other ways to protect your home - martial arts, for example
Drugs are also responsible for THOUSANDS and THOUSANDS of people being cured of fatal diseases and living betters lives. AltMed offers nothing... except maybe a belief system.
Have another tumbler of the overproof, Ron (I'm guessing that would be the fourth or fifth so far today). Fortunately, Canada has heard the last of the Puffster.
Wow! A brave article. My hat goes off to you.
Lazy lunk: How many of your wars over the last 50 years have you won, or made the world a better place?
Walkerton lived through a Conservative in Ontario. It was ugly.
I simply don't believe you or your argument which contain propaganda descriptions like 'utterly unaccountable' or 'migrant crisis'. Neither of which is true.
Good post.
Justice4AllTo answer your question, YES. In fact, IMO, there are 2 western leaders that should have already seen the front end of a firing squad.
You are spot on, typical media spin....same thing happened in Canada.
Recall that when he was finance minister for Ontario, Flaherty hid a $6B deficit and swore the bookswere balanced. The man has no credibility whatsoever.
the faith itself encourages the hatred and violence towards infidels
You find all First Nations people living the same way? Don't ever apply to study a social science that requires the capacity to count past one.
It's not even GOOD propaganda. lolIt's like it was written by a child.
He was a child and he was tortured and subjected to the made-up rules of a made-up court that would NEVER be considered to be legitimate in Canada or the US. Shame on you for thinking any of that is OK.
' some form of carbon pricing to combat climate disruption' There's the new catch phrase 'climate disruption' . Tailor made for more dramatic , scary headlines, and that is what this is all about.
Wade22 Hear! Hear! In fact, doesn't China already have a vested interest in North Africa?
Good in principle but how do you control it?
barry lane said english canadians. he did not say Canada.
More like beautician school.
Don't trust a word that comes out of Frankenwynne's mouth
US style 15 to 20% tipping is completely out of place in a country where all but one province requires waiters be paid the same minimum wage as everyone else.
Well, unless he gets to play the piano and sing. For sure I will not miss that.
That's like saying Russel Willimas should keep his rank because he did his job well.
You got that right buddy. To all the Liberal posters here, I am out of tissue paper.
Just have to bash Doug, don't you.
It is you fault. Your daughter has learned too much of your personality.
I wanna know how Toronto city council can give a subway to Vaughan, given that Vaughan, while undoubtedly a nice place, is not part of Toronto. Reality is so ugly.
Are you Bitter? Sorry... yeah I always thought that was a good idea. After all... the waste prduct of making electricity from Nuclear is heat. Duh? Meanwhile Alberta ruined lake Wabamun with 3 thermo electric plants burning coal. I don't get it>
try a a little research the next time you post
Common sense? From Tim Hudak? *snort*.
tariqata, I am not impacted at all. I argue this point on principle. Non-citizens should not have the right to appeal to our courts to change our laws and traditions. Become a citizen and then work through democratic means to affect change.
@Jan60 & @Quaxo The point sirs is not all food is equal. Not all food is health food Some is poison. When we exercise we burn calories - simple. When we eat we ingest calories - simple right? WRONG!!! You both missed the point.
What if we do something wrong and make things worse? What if the American Environmental Protection Agency is wrong? American can't even agree on the right course for the economy.
What would Thomas Darcy McGee think of you misappropriating his good name?
You should avoid attachments at all times.
I can't believe what I just read.
You are a total slave who hates liberty. No one is forcing you to do anything, stop banning others from doing what they want to their own bodies you slave-master no doubt christian scumbag!
Let's do an article on M.P. Pension funding ! Is it true that we contribute 4$ to their 1$ and the Canadian taxpayer guarentees them 10% returm?
Legalize it and tax it. Problem solved.
And the Danes are known as the happiest folks in the world because you don't live there.
Hint: don't buy your dictionaries from aynrand. com.
Actually the math is right - it's costing $198K per job - doesn't matter where the money goes - that's what it costs for each employee.
It also helps if you have Zionist extremist settlers illegally stealing Palestinian land, a massive capital and knowledge infusion from the US and other countries for 40-50 years. But yeah excitement about the economy is good.
We all know how the intelligence worked before the Iraq war.
Funny how this is a 'non event' only to the Liberal cheerleaders. I can pretty much guarantee if it was a Conservative or NDP doing the swearing and the shoving it wouldn't be a 'non event' to you.
Thank's for that one, Dave!
Trump leadership suggest Russian roulette in Foreign Affairs is the way to go! Oval Office is not a game for Narcissistic Personality Disorder folks with documented Bipolarity limitations.
@Daryl34:I don't think you can blame amalgamation for the Rob Ford fiasco - he's pretty much an outlier. There are plenty of good mayors in the Lower Mainland that would do well as head of an amalgamated city.
The authors can sell this stuff only to the Relatively Unread.
If I wanted rip-off pricing for cheek by jowl housing surrounded by druggies, hipsters and foreigners in a polity collapsing from anomie I'd just move to Vancouver instead of trying to remake my own city.
When you notice your opponent is making a mistake, don't interrupt him!
Each institution has the right to set its charter as long as there are alternatives for gays who gives a crap. Gays can attend Trinity but just like hetrosexuals must behave in a way that keeps personal activities private.
*of THEIR role
Harper and his Cons have a bottomless well of our money for Con priorities and BS 'Action Scam' ads. However, when it comes to environmental and other concerns, suddenly they need to 'save money'.What a shameless bunch of lying thieves.
The way Harper is dealing with this is just plain stupid
It's the greek letter delta, which is used in mathematics to mean change.

You can simply copy and past it from the sidebar, or type in \&amp
Hillary has a baggage car of her own she's towing around. She not bright and her email server and Benghasi may already have been her demise.
Well said on ALL counts!!!
If Integrity was the only issue, Chretien would never been in power
'woe to we'???? John - please learn correct grammar. It should read 'woe to us'.
Case in point.. the biggest offender in the senate debacle is Marc Harb, do a google search what comes up? meh.. 331k results.. hell my name brings up more search results, Mike Duffy? 17 Million+
I'd call it hate-mongering.
it's not income taxes that are high, it's all the other taxes that have been foisted upon us.
I deliberately stated 'canadian', since the author obviously wants to make comparisons with the America case.
Isn't France far past repair ? Countries always have to hit a brick wall before they see the light. Hopefully Canada learns by it or we'll end up in the same state.
I agree with Wente. Smart, perceptive writer.
Hmmm-most loathsome of leaders. That is a label he can aspire to now that his only friend(other than Netanyahu) among international leaders, Australian PM Tony Abbot, was labelled the most incompetent world leader.
Sure, myob. More likely Prime Minister Rob Ford Legalizes It.
And yet it's all just name calling by the 'progressives' - lunatic and they cannot back up the claim. What drives the 'progressives crazy is that Trump is making sense.
What an ignorant comment.
That was sarcastic for those who didn't pick it up.
Out of curiosity, the lever action Winchester 30/30 rifle (?The Gun that Won the West?) that Bibeau used to kill the soldier on Parliament Hill, was that a registered long gun rifle?
link to interview http://www.cbc.ca/radio/asithappens/as-it-happens-monday-edition-1.3257185
if surveying potential supporters is a bid for media attention, then get back to examining your navel the attention is from media mudminers... and if it ain't dirty, they will make it appear so
given Trumps lack of popularity within his own party it's a pretty good bet there will be an attempted impeachment no matter who wins
One last comment this half hour, my disappointment with the Supreme Court should not be mistaken as support for Harper. I think both are doing a disservice to the country.
That's weird... No mention of the Clinton Foundation at all. Pathetic
No it doesn't. You are forgetting personal desire in both the work place and at home.
'The obese already pay more.'???BULL...I pay more for their health care!
Your last sentence is not quite accurate. Please read the 'Ontario Curriculum Mathematics Grades 1-8 (2005) Revised' to get a clearer understanding of elementary math in Ontario.
Or even more likely The Sun.
Armchair atmospheric scientists aren't at all convincing with their down-home homilies.
I can't disagree with your comment.
That's the British tories for you. Bunch of failures.
Good column by Mr. Flanagan. A good example of government's heavy-handed intrusion into a free market producing a cheaper black market price undercutting the legal option.
someone completely skipped history lessons by calling Japanese a pacifist nation...
How does your point relate to the food costs discussed in the article?
That's true of every party. Why are you singling out the Liberals?
The Globe has Leslie Beck, a nutritionist, who writes a health column. I believe her far more than Ms Wente.
So this crackpot author is blaming the oil sands for global warming. sigh. The Globe just keeps pumping out these loons.
We are pulling out that's why Canada wasn't invited to the meeting.
The Canadian media are too busy trying to find scraps of Justin's old underwear and his toenail clippings for the Trudeau shrines in their basements.
The part where you go from speculation to 'proving' a conspiracy.
monkey : that's' because he is a true 'leader of the people' and doesn't bend down to Yankee imperialism....or something like that......
The "best reputation" for what OS? The world stage thought that there were WMDs in Iraq eleven years ago. Most Americans thought Saddam was responsible for 911. Forgive me if I take facts over public opinion.
1. I am not a Conservative. 2. Have you seen the Libs' bank account lately? By that estimation alone, the third party is utterly decrepit
Well said. I hate zoos. If Harambe wasn't being held captive at the Cincinnatti zoo, for families to gawk at him, the whole ordeal wouldn't have happened.
didn't think so but haven't worked at a elec arc mill didn't want to be wrong. So while met coal is used in a heating capacity you just can't go to all elec arc as have to use scrap and elec has a carbon footprint also depending on the location.
Do you acknowledge any limit on the obligation for generosity? Do we owe unto suicide?
"the inner-city problems in the US are a separate social issue" TRANSLATION: Liberals don't want to use inner city crime in their analysis for it disproves tighter gun laws mean less gun related incidences.
Yeah I get your drift, and I am raising you two snowbanks and an icebridge. Back to you blowhard.
yoga pants rule .... when properly deployed
Can: Quick addition to your point to make your case: *Even the US pipeline companies are investing in US rail and esp rail terminals for onward shipping at this time*That may be hyped, I have more digging to do, will find reference and post...
I'm quite happy about the diversity in the new cabinet but your comment was pretty funny.
How exactly have we 'turned out backs'? please explain that one.
Some people will be bought; remember the winning strategy : money and the ethnic vote will do it.
That's a very shallow response to her comments and actually confirms her accusations of denial. She has the right to summon up American history when a man who has revealed a real streak of bigotry is elected president.
It would be a reckless person to bet that the Protestant majority in Ulster would join the Irish Republic just so as to belong to the EU. The EU is important, but it is peanuts compared to the Republican-Unionist divide in Ulster.
I think that a lot of us don't much like the BLM movement. That doesn't mean that people don't care about the injustices against blacks. It's the BLM movement itself that irritates me, and a lot of people I know.
No.Not according to Obama himself, the Pentagon spokesman and John Kerry. But perhaps you have quotes from them to the contrary that support your absurd contention that you can share with us?
How do you know?
someone needs to tell the truth
yup. That seems to be the whole world, duk. Doesn't that tell you you're out-numbered, out-gunned and out-brained?
um, what does any of your ramblings have to do with race, pga golf, 'the former CO', the sidwell school or anything else targeted in this scattergun rant?
If I were dumb enough to require playing O Canada at my workplace every morning, I'd probably deserve it.
McKay has a deficit in several behavioral characteristics that will not bode well in the future be it public or private business.
Intelligent are well thought out. Not something I usually find in the comments section!
They are making repairs but previous administrations kicked it down the road. He is actually doing something. Read the paper more often.
Coren's position has been the official position of the Church since Vatican II (which incidentally John TOry copied in his ill fated electoral campaign), so its no surprise.
Karla Homolka has remarried.
so if I agree with the author I have to change my political side? How on earth do people make such generalizations? We are people first, all of us, before we align ourselves politically.
back to Prohibition - that worked splendidly didn't it ? Legislating human weakness to the lowest common denominator - what a waste of effort and time - Nanny State Onward!
Who cares if they are into BDSM? THat's not the issue. As long as the BDSM is consensual it's all good.
Need to consider each scenario - in some cases, it wll be the mother's fault for probablygabbing on the cell....
Well, he did flirt with working for the Conservatives, but they couldn't agree on a salary (Mulcair wanted too much).
We're talking K/W here. Back in 1914, we had a statue of the Kaiser in Victoria Park. Local residents commented on it by dumping it into the park's lake. Our present day city council was wise in avoiding 22 big splashes.
I want you to provide a link to that rebate comment.
The US has given themselves two choices one very bad and the other even worse.
No we are not. It's an urban legend that just won't die!
Perhaps tax equity. Tax all sources of income in the same way - wage, contract, interest, dividend, capital gains. Stop letting the government game the system and pick winners.
Clueless from Halifax is really clueless.
Absolutely. Now tell Harper that and stop supporting him no matter what!
technology is changing every field including this one
62 million per year would attract a lot of birds.
Not true. Several have gone to Syria and been horrified to find it wasn't what they expected, and tried to come back. Those who are able to then collaborate with the authorities at home and some become involved in anti-terrorist education.
Great Manitou save us from governments who want to tell us how to live, to spend, to save, when they themselves fail on any of their suggestions...
Ontario can no longer take one for the teamI hear you , said Alberta !
Oh, you mean the activist SCC? The one that decided Truth is not a defense in a court of law - THAT Supreme Court? The SCC has become a partisan hack - pay attention! Try reading the book; Against Judicial Activism as a primer and go from there!
It means an effeminate man, not necessarily a homosexual.
A weirdly vituperate and dismissive column in reply to Ms Arbour's very moderate ruminations. What gives, Llllloyd?
In order to save this democracy we must stop people from participating!
According to the SCC majority decision not guilty is the same as innocent.'that an acquittal is the equivalent to a finding of innocence' J. Lamar writing for the court in Grdic V. The Queen
It was an American war that we got involved with. It was a huge mistake then and history has reinforced that. Hopefully we have learned a lesson but I doubt it.
Are you talking about Harper's evangelical fundamentalist cartel? If so, I wholeheartedly agree. Fundamentalists are a menace wherever they are found.
Must be tough holding on to all that negativity - grow a pair and become involved in the corrective process.
Because Mark Carney never, ever reads from the Liberal Party of Canada playbook...
If it's 'an integral part of their religion' as the woman and many posters claim - why don't all muslim woman wear a face covering?
After Ipperwash you can understand why police may be going a wee slow on this.
Yes, but she'd look good in the circus outfit. She's about the only person around who could be more divisive than Kenney, if the conservatives want to win elections.
or vice versa
It's why I'm close to cancelling my company's subscription to this rag.
Oh my, Lamont, that's pathetic -- best you can do? mimicry? -- you do a lot of this, try harder next time.
What does environmentalism have to do with either of those (vivisection/animal research & zoos/captive breeding programs ? Um, nothing. Nothing whatsoever. Sorry, try again.
What makes him a fascist?
Signed Canadians that have seen the true colours of the Conservative Party and find it wanting.
Excuses for what? They've been nearly flawless so far with sky high approval ratings. A slight delay in refugees is not an issue to anyone but the most bitter partisans.
The 'chattering classes'?Wente is a solid member of the chattering class. Your cartoon view of the world misses reality by miles.
I grow leopards bane in my garden. So far, no leopard sightings. Guess it works.
Not from CO2.
Spoken like truth, stray....and that truth hurts.
votetogether. caOn the other hand, if you are in one of the seventy or so swing conservative ridings, by all means vote strategically to ensure that the Harper Government is booted out of power. Think Canada.
Apparently, the nacho cart has also been tipped.
note the phrase 'and lethally at that.'
Oh please ... Seems to me the millennials who are marching in the streets waving rainbow flags and carrying signs saying 'Not my President' are the ones throwing the tantrum here.
Did you read the article or are you simply commenting off the cuff?
Jeff, you are still just as clueless as ever.
You misspelled Trudeau's first name. Was that just an unfortunate typo?
Simply, why would the Liberals tie themselves to a sinking (NDBBQ) ship? The Liberals have far more upside, and the NDBBQ has only downside....come the next election..
The Guardian is the favourite newspaper for the politically-correct. Its website also carries a link to: Climate sceptics more likely to be conspiracy theorists and free market advocates, study claims.
Everyone should take a deep breath - the editorial was only responding to events as they happened.
Nice to hear from you, Audrey. I hope all is well with you.
Par for the course from the smug 'progressives' who run the Globe.
Her doctor invented the term. I would advise you to use google or ask your GP to educate yourself on pneumonia.
'Natives don't need 'accountability.' Show us the money 'Apparently that is NOT what the bands' auditors had to say, but I guess they must be wrong and racist as well?
Claiming that Teachers have a 'monopoly' on education is as ridiculous as saying that taxpayers have a 'monopoly' on government.
What do you mean by brought the U.S. into the 20th Century?
Truth hurts eh General Nuisance.
His arm... we are talking about Brown.
@Whin According to whom? Source please. Name one segment where women are not being hired at proportions equal to, or higher than, men
Davis never met a problem he couldn't solve by throwing gobs of taxpayer money at it.
But the Clinton body count at home and overseas, is just fine?
Or the four fey blades in the PMO.
We wouldn't think of asking you to waste your time.............now don't waste ours.
What's your point? I'm curious to know whether you have the gumption to actually spell it out rather than regurgitate a slew of statistics in the hopes that they pass for a substitution for an actual argument. And... go!
Such sad; much stupid... Work less, live more. Why hard?
''They are dramatically more educated, the percentage holding a degree having risen from 15 per cent to 22 per cent in 33 years.''Yeah, except many of the 'degrees' are now in varying types of mental basket-weaving.
Nice try to drive in a wedge.
These reporters have ethics and reputation to uphold, they reported the facts of the video. What more do you need? You really think it was a fake video or they are lying?
You forget perhaps Klein, Vander Zam, Duplessis, Manning Sr., De Cosmos . . .
Lost the plot, sorry on phone
The Harper Government's misuse of anti-marijuana taxpayer propaganda was disgraceful. Changing the Criminal Code sections 4.1, 5, 6, and 7 should be a top priority of the Liberal Government.
i can't wait to stop subsidizing their culture. Think about how much money we will save by eliminating bilingualism.
How much money does Canada give to the US Navy?
Would we be having this conversation if Monsef were Scottish? Most certainly if Monsef was a Conservative and her opposition had little of substance to debate.
Ottawa gave Toronto then gas tax and the author wants them to pour more money into the city ?
Hey Artster, you're kind of proving Steve's point w juvenile stunts like that. Grow up. C.
Given your agenda/wish list, it sounds like you need to rethink being a Catholic.
Editor's Picks: how celebs keep their perfect physiquesneed I say more about quality of journalism?
I see you have not refuted my white hood remark. lol. You are so easy to pick out.
Wonder boy looked rather desperate yesterday telling us all how wonderful Eve was. He truly does not have either the intellectual capacity for the job of third party leader, let alone Prime Minister. Two vacant opportunists - very sad.
The Globe is right, Alberta needs Prentice. CIBC won't mind either.
You'll end of voting Liberal again - like most of dimwits in the GTA.
I'm sure that's why they endorsed the CPC in the federal election. It was all a plot because they knew everyone would vote in the opposite direction of their endorsement? Try again.
@Catherine,When was the last time you held the NDP or Liberals to account on the same matter?
If your parents and all their compatriotes had been treated like the Natives i do not think that you would be saying what you did. - I did it so everybody should be like me....it is not the way it works...
You are not up to date. Anthroprogenic CO2 is net net good all around.
NO - but it will help the Liberals 'save face'.
In no ways been trying to justify Tories or Harper for the whole ugliness of their rule.
As the world gets greener.....Did you sleep through the El Nino?
How Donald Trump can ? shudder ? win-----------shudder what? that would just save us from the greater of the two evilsand from Clinton's e mail serverand reputation for being dishonest How HILARY CLINTON can ? shudder ? win
I think that most persons that have a job requiring as much responsibility, availability, travel, and hours worked as the PM should be able to negotiate a nanny or two as part of their compensation package.
'BC's GDP has slightly outperformed the rest of Canada since 2008' So this wording is supposed to make us think that the improvement started with the introduction of the carbon tax ! Can you say manipulation ...shame.
The kid had a knife. The cop wet his pants and shot him to death. For this, we pay Toronto cops 100k a year. Now THAT'S value for money.
Okay - Bob Rae. Are we still laughing?
You may well be right my friend
More of the same from Saunders. I guess you have to hand it to him for persisting with this nonsense, week after week.
Tax free Money, plus what they earn tax free, Free Housing and Contracts that where worth 325 million from the Debeer's Mine! 1600 people 70 % un employed you can guess where the Money goes!
If someone chooses to wear it is it subjugation or free choice? That's the issue, you wish to remove someone's free choice to wear a niqab if they wish.
6 degrees, No one believes this. Amory Lovins is about as credible on this issue as MAD magazine.
I must practice some restraint and not read the comments. I only come away feeling frustrated and dismayed. For such a small population, we have such a lot of ignorance.
Trying to compare us with a tiny country like Sweden is a very bad joke.
The guy doesn't know sometimes which side he is in. For example, he doesn't know that he is with the terrorists.
Trump is not fostering bigotry and racism. That is simply a leftist slur. And how about letting the Americans decide how they will handle gun violence and make choices regarding medical care. It's their country.
LOL petty personal attacks are the only reason people post here noob.
There's more to political stripe definition then just economic and fiscal theory. Conservatism, liberalism and socialism are rather complex terms today with adherents to each blurring the lines between.
Only 17 months to an NDP government. Oct. 19, 2015.
I don't know about printing guns, but, I do have some ideas of creating different sex toys.
Wow, that's a neck and neck battle at the wire, there are about six contenders!
I think you are right. In my experience, most Quebecers know little or nothing about what happens outside the province. They are victims of their left of center, separatist media.
see: WSJ How Carbon Dioxide Became a 'Pollutant' Apr. 18/09
And perhaps a significant reason why Trump won. Political correctness fatigue.
No Tabby... ISIS just want to kill everyone that doesn't subscribe to their ideology.
it's true - the NDP are irrelevant
Last year during one of the protests by the animal right groups, one of the caliche drivers unhooked his caleche and pulled it himself. Didn't even break a sweat.
This is exactly the issue. Our government is obsessed with an industry that it entering its final stages, that no-one wants, and that will very soon be supplanted.
An amazingly wordy way of offering support for an essentially empty and inept mayors seat? With some ALL capitals thrown in? Spare us.
This one's pretty good: https://twitter.com/friedpuppydog/status/592870012878245890
Well Ms Lederman: Look no further for the blame than your own gender. Or are you gender blind in just one direction?
It's never going to go away; by legalizing it a safer environment is created for them to work, pay taxes and establish credit.
wow. Were you a 15-year-old girl living in today's Canada? Oh. Think that might make a little bit of difference?
You mistake opinions and politics as part of your genetics. Hitler would have supported the USA in WW2 if he had been born there, but he would still be Hitler.
Let me say, you come by your name honestly.
Yes you are right. Ted Cruz, Rick Perry or Mike Huckabee all sound great to me.
You are right, I know I find him disgusting.
How would a no-fly zone over Syria stop ISIS and Al Quaeda?
Logic is Missing "you right wingers sure do pick and choose the bits " ------ right wingers? Flattery will do you no good
Dosibe, You are way out of your depth.
Lamont, I think it stands for Completely Bogus Intellectual?
This is a fiasco.....you take care of it yourself that's what you voted for - step up let them live with you and your family.
Lot of experts on here about biological and chemical processes, effects of certain oils at molecular level in the body, workings of cows stomachs, effects of certain foods on blood sugar levels, etc, etc - thanks for sharing your expertise!
He deserved all the shaming that could be heaped upon him.
political correctness re:job
That is simply not true.
NormRuttan - you might want to rethink your strategy - it's going to leave you broke.
But you do admit it is a valid point. About 10% of the Tory vote is the Chow vote. Chow is at 23%, Tory at 39%, and Ford at 33%.If Chow's 10% comes back she is in a dead heat. Who knows......she might make it.
Part of the sum is that girls are more. Or . . . add up the parts and see what you get.
I am no Harper fan but he was pm for 10 years. Trudeau is the one who got elected on a a name and basically everyone was tired of Harper. Isn't anybody concerned that Justin has no experience and basically no knowledge of how to run a country
the roll out of the hst was the most ham fisted, incompetent thing that the Campbell liberals ever did, oh wait, there was that bc rail thing and....
This is the silliest editorial since the G&M endorsed the Conservatives but not Harper.
Mr Trudeau should do the right thing under current circumstances and hold off for now the decision to pull the jets. Our friends especially France need to see that we are 100% in support of them. The optics are important now.
This and no other is the root from which a tyrant springs; when he first appears he is a protector. Plato
Thanks for the word reference.
THe first thing she is going to do - reintroduce the sexual education programme at school, which she couldn't push through several years ago.
So they need to become enlightened liberals?
Harper's net worth is four times larger than Trudeau's.
For more information on assisted dying and to have your say on this important issue please visit the federal External Panel's website at www. ep-ce.ca.
Respect goes both ways. The moment the media dared to write something he didn't like he went on the attack. If you don't like a dog to bite you, don't beat it.
Wrong. So you too are using your entitlement.
The Globe must be wanting to pad its 'friends' list. I pay you $25 per month: I am not your friend.
What the heck are you doing still proofreading your university-aged daughter's homework, anyway?
WOW!! What a great deal! China can continue to pollute until 2030. In the next 16 years China can increase it's emissions all it wants... what a great deal... and Canada is supposed to be ashamed of our 2% emissions. This whole thing is a joke.
I used to have Verizon when I lived in the U.S. and it was much cheaper than what I pay now for some crap reception from a Canadian company.
'conservative mischief making ..'Liberal apologizing .Liberal forgiving. Liberal distraction. Liberal permission. Liberal wonderfulness. Liberal double standards.
Ms. Wente seems pro gun, in stead of saying yes, get the guns off the street she says it wont stop terror attacks but it will lower the number of casualties in terror attacks.
*lol* Anyone who thinks academia isn't a 'real job' has no idea--I mean ZERO idea--what they are talking about.
Glad there are people who can still count.
Just a suggestion, keller ..... try some new material. This is pretty tired.
Quite true, but funny.
Campaign promises are mere bait in the trap to hunt votes ! Don't blame the politicians for merely providing what voters want. ' Fiscal Realities ' induce stress ... One might be forgiven for getting bored with this electoral phenomenon.
To the publisher of the Globe and Mail: Where on earth did you find KONRAD YAKABUSKI, under a rock somewhere. He can't write and he can't think. Are you sure he isn't Steven Harper in disguise?
'it can survive a 10 degree Celsius drop in the northern hemisphere within a decade and still survive'Utter nonsense. That is double the temperature drop that occurred in the heart of the last ice age.
Tormaine is here only to post outlandish and provocative messages. Don't feed the Harper troll. The PMO probably do that already.
I just love Margaret Wente!
Agreed. It was better in the days before autotuning, sampling, and other digital manipulations to make them sound better too.
Great post jasperthe one item worthy of mention this day is Harper's move to buy the NRA in on Canada's Action Plan. Today huffpost reports on the thousands of deaths by gun in the USA SINCE NEWTON. Thank you Steve for inviting the NRA into Canada!
nakedApe42 Yes I think it's smart for the NDP to include centrist liberals among their ranks. -------- so centrist that it is only NDP in name if NDP wins it is not really NDP
I too think the unnamed perp will walk. 'To Serve and Protect' He heee heeeeeeee!
mulrony's GST that Chretien pledged to cancel generated the income the liberals needed to crawl out of debt.
Yes. Yes it is. Now and for all time. Never gets old.
Funny you should mention the dark ages. That was ended in large part due to the influence of Islamic scholars and scientists. Dr. Herzl, worry about the failure of your Zionist dream, not fanciful end of days predictions.
John, the article says that they do.....read it.
I suspect that the majority of Canadians would be immensely put out if they had to swear a regular oath to the British monarch.
Worst Case Ontario!
So what does that mean. We all want a clean environment but reality is we need energy and the sun and wind just don't cut it ..ie planes, ships, cars and trucks for long distances etc.
I don't think that many people expect Mr. Trump to win the contest, but the impetus will rise again immediately after the election. The movement will not cease. Clinton beware.
Hear, hear - this is a piece worth reading and advice worth listening to.Will Harper? Doubtful.
ISIS has 3 MiGs. Do we still think we're going to go over, scare them away with our 6 CF 18s and go home within 6 months? This may be the most irresponsible of Harper's endeavors.
Seeing how hangdog splits hairs I didn't think he/she missed the most important part of my story.
And anyone who resists cutting our carbon output has no care for the future or the kind of life their kids/grandkids will live. Get informed.
Sour grapes, I feel.
Torture is evil and anyone, anyone even remotely supportive of torture is the same (and basically a terrorist or at the very least, totally akin to the terrorists being 'interrogated'). That is the simple truth!!
"We" were not all involved in the collapse of integrity and reason, Chipreader. He's been "Steve" to me, ever since the murdering oilman Dubya dubbed him.
That was Norman Tebbit, her Employment Secretary.'On yer bike!'
He's not a doctor when being involved in anoter country's internal politics.
"the dark Harper years"....replaced with unicorns and fairy dust. I fear you're about to find out what "dark years" really are....
As pipeline obstructions demonstrate over and over again.
The budget for 'internal stabilization' (to deal with riots, surveillance, detain and arrest of trouble makers, etc. etc.) has already surpassed the defense budget in recent years. It will be higher in coming years.
A few facts sensibly presented do not make a rational argument when a distorting lens of ideology has so obviously been applied. Not sending aircraft carriers to threaten Russia is a long way from fatalism.
People who have unhealthy relationships with sheep are likely to be Republicans!
Your perception is wrong. Canadians of all wealth levels have prospered since 2006. http://www.oecd.org/std/household-wealth-inequality-across-OECD-countries-OECDSB21.pdf
@Salear: I fail to draw the connection between inspecting food preparation sites and spiking drinking water. It's not one in the same at all. I am free to chose for myself what my health decisions are. That's a liberty we are afforded in Canada.
I suggest the CBC offer renewal of employment after a year of penance during which he would provide lectures across the country to high school and university students on the subject of ethics.
anything that is opposite of what the ontario libs are doing has to be better!
They can have the NHL too.
Used to be a time when men could not marry men
ergoe, Good line. Because young women have finally realized equality isn't about gender. 'It's the economy, stupid.'
She is super smart and well informed.
When you say 'killed' in this headline, do you actually mean 'lost to,' Sarah ? ?When I use a word,? Humpty Dumpty said in rather a scornful tone, ?it means just what I choose it to mean ? neither more nor less.'- Lewis Carroll
Troll and a boring Dolt to boot.
May I suggest you take courses in geography and history? It will help your understanding of the issue.
Yes my friend, you do Need some Reason. I can hardly imagine where you received your education.
I agree ...I hope Harper quits and runs for Calgary Mayor ... or Red Deer ...or Hinton....
Am I mistaken, or did a primary-school-teacher assign her students the task of responding to Mr. Fahmy's article in the comment section.
I'd vote for her again, Del Mastro not so much.
How about forgetting about the senate and its scandals for awhile? There surely is something more important - like maybe finding out some more details on the proposed free trade deal with Europe?
said the same thing last week and other times and the margaret wente fan club deleted it
As is often the case, the decision involves choosing the lesser evil. In my mind, there is no real question--legalization is far and away the lesser evil, as was the case with alcohol prohibition.
Yap away, boys. It's going to happen anyway.
No certainty of the Tories' defeat. And if Harper somehow moved away and a new leader came into things, I'm certain the Tories could win a majority. Harper, however, is not the sort to do so.
Terrific response.
Sadly, so true.
Here's a scenario: The conservatives elect a minority a few seats short of a majority. They then 'recruit' enough Liberal or NDP MP's to form a majority, maybe by offering a cabinet post or two. Discuss.
Leadership, PMZ, Ohhhh hahahahah..
Wow, thanks for the tip of the day.
So you find it reasonable to expect overweight people to cover up so they spare you the sight but it's offensive to ask the burkini wearer to respect our way of life?
Darryl, you should read ( more ?) . International surveys are conducted annually by UN related bodies, multinationals ( HSBC) , etc and the results are well documented. Think before you post .
Hardly founded in stupidity. As I said, you may not have liked where W was leading the US but there was leadership which is more than can be said for the current occupant of the Oval Office.
he's not racist that is just media spin because they are trying to take him down take a look at the list of winners of his shows - Apprentice and Pageants - any black people in there?
The extreme ideologues inhabit the NDP and environmental movements. While the Tories and Grits have some that are out there for the most part they are mainstream Canadians.
My family came in as immigrants who had to apply and wait 18 months for the entire process to complete. Since then we've been contributors to Canadian society and pay quite high taxes.
And if they win again.......Be afraid. Be very afraid!
but there was never any "ancestral land" argument in favour of creating modern Israel. I guess if you dismiss archaeological evidence, historical evidence and the Bible then you may have a point.
what did Lord Chilcot tell you that you did not know? How much was Lord Chilcot paid for this academic exercise?
what nonsense... smarts are not your strong suit are they rocky?
She is a shake down artist pure and simple. Look at what she has bilked her people out of, yet she lives so well. Guess you have not seen the Deloitte and Touche report on Chief Theresa Spence and the Attawapiskat Band Council.
Whether those numbers add up doesn't matter. All that matters is that he have the numbers to win, and he has plenty of those and growing.
He'd make a good successor to Il Steveo...
It was not Bill who ignored the intelligence but Bush in the summer of 2001 while after 6 months in office was on vacation in Texas!!!!!
That's because the alternative was the Conservatives and their 'astute' leader Tim Hudak, who promised to open up beer sales and then flip-flopped.
Whats in a name. I think it makes perfect sense. Read it again, comprehension may come slow to you and it is certainly true of your thick headed cohorts that frequent here.
Good luck trying to get that 'double time' pay for guarding construction sites away from cops. I know a cop who became indignant when I showed my indignation toward that waste of time and money. Free money to him. Waste to me.
Fat chance of getting greenie approval for that one !
The Liberals were a lot less inclusive and a lot less tolerant before Trudeau Sr. So was the whole country.
You want to maybe rethink that whole 'being friends with China is bad' thing, Parsons? No? Very well, then: globalnews. ca/news/1708990/exclusive-harper-government-quietly-signed-customs-agreement-with-china/
Do you think the Chinese and Americans will actually join in?Of course not....they're too busy stealing our jobs with the help of people like you...
All left wing parrots, at least have the integrity to admit it - yes how many of these new ' accomplished ' people ever voted conservative, ZERO!!! Harpers biggest mistake was not filling up the senate before he left.
Sell for scrap metal... what's copper selling for nowadays anyways?
Nice straw-man, and a wonderful false dichotomy to boot. Now stop deflecting and actually comment on the current situation in Canada, you know the subject of the story.
They do...
Small companies with 25 employees or less have no obligation to operate in French in Quebec. Tell me if ROC would tolerate that small companies of same size would operate in French exclusively.
Insightful post, Tim. I am right with you on your way of thinking. Jackyspratt: Public opinion alone does not make good public policy at all. Actual facts and data are necessary. Therefore, your 39% agree with immigration is almost meaningless.
Are there border crossing between Canada and Alaska?
And the irony is that the dress and shoes looked awful. Sophie is a very beautiful woman with a radiant smile. Why not celebrate that with a simple, pretty printed cotton dress that's anything but precocious? How sexist is that?
There's always room for a second center-left party. Just no room for extreme right-wingers.
And what justifies a Trudeau family trip to Paris in the first place?
@hyril and monkey121 Vacation travel and business travel are distinctly different. Robin H was no doubt travelling in Europe on business and therefore mingling with the type of people who would question Canada's politics.
....actually.....it.......IS!!!
We elect governments that do not allow the 'market' to operate, we've been raised to be socialists.
Meh. If it keeps the old people happy... small price to pay, and pretty harmless for the rest.
Somehow my earlier post did not include the following:(Under the previous system, any surplus was automatically loaned to the provinces.)
That exaggerated attitude is itself inimical to democracy. More like a scapegoatocracy. If hypocrite liberals don't respect Trump and his tens of millions of supporters, why should they respect liberals and their evil ways?
Jeff! You're kidding!
"Harper actually made it worse" According the Jim Stamford, Harper was the only PM in 35 years who oversaw a decrease in inequality.
no, with his best friend. himself. i simply love all these fake anecdotes. as if they prove anything other than the poster's own blinkered dislike for someone.
What? What about Finland? Switzerland? Doug's geography is limited to 3rd grade geography.
Is the system we call democracy so great? When one of the most important countries has a choice between Mrs Clinton and Trump for President?
Carney just did what any smart person would do. When you see that you can not kick the problem forward, you change the companies. Poloz maybe just smart enough to fix it.
Preston was not in the AB PC Party. Neither was his father, longest serving AB Premier.
I blame you for nearly ten years
You already posted that. Do you have anything to original to add?
OK, how left wing BS is better than right-wing one. Oh, I know, one's own BS is never a BS, but 'progressive point of view'.
Lucky for us that most Tory's listen to 1010 and 640 and read the Toronto Sun. Your endorsement will not affect your loyal readers!
Republic - the problem lies with our WASP oriented education system whereby our students are taught history and cultural values that have no relationship to other equally valid viewpoints elsewhere in the world.
Are you one of the 1% or are you one who doesn't mind falling behind. Unions keep the general population from falling too far behind the 1%. Do you not read or listen to the news?
we need more people thinking like you, I am from Europe and we have the same problems with some of them, it is the reason some people turn anti Muslims or anti Arabe.
Did you mean Harpierre Poutine?
PET was the worst PM in history, and most people agree with this. He might even be the worst Canadian in history. We're still paying for his mistakes and probably will for centuries.
|It's great to know that you can turn your new digs into an arsenal... keep looking over your shoulder- oh, and don't get sick.
Pifco, You're so gallant, you'd look good even in a straight jacket.
Obama wanted a single payer system. http://blogs.wsj.com/washwire/2008/08/19/obama-touts-single-payer-system/
Haida what? LOLMost people have no clue where it is let alone what it is called. And when they fire up their furnace at 40 below they will not even care.
money does not grow on trees - Botany money grows on trees - NDP Politics
and no doubt, wants his damage deposit back....
reply to nakanda's question about Canadians going to the US. Because they can. It's hideously expensive, and they have the financial resources. Is that the kind of health care system we want for our fellow/sister citizens here?
'Mary Triny Mena is the 2012-13 Scotiabank/CJFE Journalism Fellow.'Right. And after reading your objective report, telling the world what Chavez did for the poorest people, I can understand why you were anointed by Scotiabank for a fellowship.
"How rude"? How beside-the-point. But then, in our politically correct times, even (or maybe especially) Margaret Wente has to tacitly apologize, while warning us in advance, that she is going to be "blunt." And your comment tells us why.
Mad Max proposes we boldly go into post apocalyptic Canada?
Trump wants to stop mass third world immigration and the other candidates don't and act shocked that the United States is becoming more like the third world with lower wages and greater income inequality.
Happy with life Please don't compare the American/Brits armies with the ISIS thugs. ------- this is what leftist Apologists of ISIS do this is not the finest hour of leftists
Fear of being robbed.
Not likely. Unless of course the liberals fall into the green party status.
And where is Canada's record on this nasty, brutish affair? Are we Lilly clean? I do have to tip my hat to America for allowing this evidence to come out. Would Russia, China, India or Canada allow this to be published?
Hear, Hear. And without the H-bombs, a required invasion of Japan would've killed far, far more people. Hundreds of thousand Japanese and Allied lives were saved by the 'modern weaponry.'
@GCTDVD ? You are aware, right, that government debt is nothing like private debt?
When are Ontario voters going to wise up to this bad of crooks that are destroying the province! Staggering debt and dishonesty is the rule for this party, and now they are in the PMO too, what joy what bliss ... I weep for Ontario and Canada.
TrueDoh! didn't win... Harper lost. He should have quit a year ago and allowed new blood in. Now we're stuck with PET's pitiful princeling....
The richest countries like Saudi and the Emirates are not doing their bit.
Maybe now that he is in charge of the Liberals, he will start taking attendance. He is certainly qualified for that.
The question is though, do you have any substance to provide? How about you tell me why Trudeau would be a better pick?
Roskell is either delusional or a propagandist. This is hardly the first time ...
or compensation for feelings of inadequacy
It's why my son is moving to the US.
Well, they didn't have your supreme brilliance to guide them.
Nice one, TS.
Many men are 'feminists'.
Indeed. Damn.
So we have racists on board who approved of the forced russification of the 100+ captive non Russian nations held within that prison of nations... once Imperial Russia and then the USSR....both now happily demised.
It also explains why they would be beating up on Mr. Harper, whose rhetoric about 'hard working Canadians' is backed up by policy that actually favours hard-working Canadians. This is ironic, right? (I am well over 35)
The US kills its egregious murderers, Castro killed opponents to his regime. Do you see the difference?
It's all a bunch of hot air (pun unintended), until we start to talk about the real issue. The human population of the world.
Wow, now I really have heard everything. I can go off into heaven in peace now. LOL
And the attacks western nations, under the leadership of US and UK, have made on Middle Eastern Muslim majority countries.
I'm glad my comment is getting voted down. The distortion in racial/cultural representation is what both First-Past-the-Post and the Alternative Vote do.
Information technology?
Actually we do need people like her to rally the rest of us against such stupidity.
They can sometimes be big and bold steps but they have to be practical and make sense.
Umm, he resigned on a matter of personal principles... maybe you could learn from the example.
Mr. Palmer just said it all. The Canadian media has rolled over. An American president trying to get away with this stuff would meet a wall of opposition.
Many countries already have something similar. We're late to the party and the damage has already been done.
No don't blame Berlin... blame the slap happy Greeks for living off the Euro dole... and they'll do it again and again and again!!!
And Canada foots the bill for Quebec .
.TeleologyYou can add another 200+++ private clinics in Quebec..
ribbon diagrams are for impressing people in talks and figures. you need to see the individual residues for them to be useful.
This article is an excellent assessment of the present situation in Toronto and what is needed to go forward. Unfortunately most of the comments have ignored this and just centred on Ford's buffoonery
Goins has the best hair in my opinion.
The changes make sense to me, and should clear away two obstacles inhibiting co-operation, coalition, and/or outright merger of progressive Liberals and NDP'ers.
Quebec is a nanny state, with all the freebies, it has the highest rate of divorce, common-law marriage, suicide, smoking, abortion rates, children living out of wedlock, the list goes on and on. Be careful what you ask for!
Describe the German culture, the Italian, the French. Every country has a culture every organization. And Canada doesn't?
Fantino used his position in the OPP and on the Toronto police force to harass young gay men until one of them committed suicide. He is a thug and a criminal.
When Hillary starts her first war, we'll see how 'humourous' that you find her.
Paranoia strikes deep. Relax. The country evolves.
Yes the Elitist Left hates Sun Tv.
Well, at some point you have to let go and let them run in the staircase.
Oh Lamont, if it is on pub night,,,,they'll be voting en masse and then going back to celebrate. It is cynicism that needs to be disposed of and parents share that blame.
The Liberals won under FPTP. Don't you remember? It was in October.
Aren't all those lovely houses in Kelowna owned by ex Albertans? Are they the ones who saw their MLA give his seat to CC? You are right. Albertan have long memories. The woman has no class.
@just as good - and yet here you are, deciding what's appropriate as a church for other people.
Hahaha, Have fun with this. Your city voted NDP and if it wants to stand behind its 'down with the rich attitude' then......... Enjoy watching your Seattle Flames.
This guy is either unhinged or ex CIA.
What a classic load of 'blame the victim' drivel....
You mean that gays find it difficult to arrange parties? Give me a break.
What a silly column.
So will they send Martin Ssempa who can lecture us on how ungodly we are since we allow homosexuality (google his name and you will see who I am referring to and he is not an anonymous pastor, but extremely popular in Uganda).
But those who are perhaps in greater pain and CAN'T pay will have to wait even longer.
You are one sick puppy.
What on earth are you talking about? The majority of Trump supporters are white, male and poorly educated. Those aren't convenient terms, they're words. Words that describe which voters are opting for Trump.
?Editorial: Syria, then what?? thanks for the link...
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAAAHA!'Nothing funny' he says! omgHAHAAAAHAHAHAHA!
What a hypocritical editorial!
Who says anyone raising this issue is conservative?
So, I know that the right-wing media has a fairly strong lead in hot babes, but is there a right-wing journalist that the Cons consider humorous... or, do the Cons laugh at all?
Dix came across as a financial and environmental nutbar. It did him in.
Yeah, but we should listen to you, eh? Another Moron!
And so should this writer.
Try and change the conversation to America, because China has been shown to be an irrational bully.
Did you know that children nowadays are already exposed to 'gay sex, oral sex, anal sex, etc.'? Either through the Internet, at the playground, etc.
Yeah, let's support totalitarian and oppressive regimes that are on the bottom of world list in human rights violations creaming Israel. Yes, that sounds like a sound plan and full of moral integrity.
We have a bargain with the media. The media publishes without bias and they should be protected. We want reporters, not 'journalists'. If you want to save the world write in the op ed section. MSM has moved too far to the left.
Dont ever trust Labradors, they will always betray you
monkey121, good luck with that economy that makes everyone richer.
You can wipe out drug related crime overnight by treating it as a medical condition like they do in places like Switzerland or Portugal.
The base wouldn't approve rubbing shoulders with the Socialist government of Hollande.
Any Government, minority or majority would be good for our democracy as long as Steven Harper and his reform party are not in charge.
User Link Hogbrow wrote the following in response to your comment:'Time to get off the dance floor then ?'----------------------------------------I don't dance with fascist bullies or fascist sheep.
Anyone interested in another take on the film recently put out by salmon farm opponents should look at this: www. salmonconfidential.com
No. Work to keep the US at home.
A francaphone that has a deep seated grudge against Toronto. Quel surprise.
Just had a post pulled for criticizing Cruz.
Even Thomas Mulcair, the leader of the official Opposition, does now know what is in this agreement that Harper is signing on behalf of all Canadians. Our democracy is gone and we are living in a dictatorship.
'A few incidents' that were reported, out of the numberless 'incidents' since the election.
Hey Nachoman... Give us a BREAK. It's about to go up in smoke, I say by the end of 2014 Harper will be gone... 11% approval ratring like Mulroney on his way out.
I think 'indignity' kind of undersells the point. People are generally facing chronic, daily pain, or total mental disintegration.
Maybe CPC admitted liar, Brad Butt, should write an article on why he thinks the current vouching system needs to be 'fixed'. Pierre Poilievre's and Brad Butt have equal credibility...
what will be the costs of dealing with the consequences once the corporations have moved on after having stripped her province of its resources?
or,Rogue Chimps
So fast knee-jerk reactions is how to drive safe?
RIP.
Well that's interesting if true.
There is something ironic about a national newspaper in a country (Canada) that has yet to show the maturity to declare itself a republic telling another potential country how to handle its future.
Interesting comments....HARPER saw the curve ball before it left the pitcher's hand and hit a home run,...MT and JT are still trying to figure where the game is being played that they are supposed to be playing in.
Too much catechism at an early age ? :)
Just think of the dress codes as follows: Is it appropriate to wear that outfit to a workplace (for a male or female)? If not, it should not be appropriate in a high school environment. It doesn't matter what other reasoning they provide.
Should tope pigmented people have problems? There are no people of any variety of pigment that are free of problems.
I agree completely with you Jolly Hangman. Our country is being ran by a one man's ideology and it scares me.
These make sense. The large name brand ones not so much. CEO's take too big a chunk of donations with those. That's why they're always smiling.
100 million poor angry religious freaks.....this is going to end badly, IMO.
When the Arab states say, 'Jump' you must promptly ask how high. That is all.
Thank you Jeffrey Simpson for a reasoned analysis. Many Canadians are sick of the spin emanating like so much hot air from the oil industry.
I can forgive graduates being unable to spell or write but not being able to think or learn is unforgivable.
Right On Margaret!!
@mike1315: "My father told me...." Good advice from a wise, reasonable man using the common sense that most contributors to these forums lack.
You are far too easily threatened.
I dunno. Wayne Gretsky seemed quite out of touch when he endorsed Harper a few weeks ago.
This article is especially or you, Toronto Tory. Please read and digest. http://www.huffingtonpost.ca/doug-saunders/doug-saunders-myth-of-the-muslim-tide_b_1837315.html
' Scandals are part of the Clinton package'. It would be more accurate to say that scandals are an intrinsic element of the Tea Party/neocon tactical bible.
Ask your Dave how well he did building sewage plants that wouldn't overflow into Lake Ontario and drive e-coli counts at the expense of our community health? Climate change will continue to occur as it has for the last 100, 000 years.
wilful blindness
And their misogyny on the golf course showed they were, obviously. The Beverly Hillbillies, however, should feel insulted.
Interesting how the majority of comments on German media agree with you. And why hasn't anybody disclosed what exactly we are trading? What is it? Raw material for Miehle appliances? Now... that I would like!
...and young girls. A friend of mine was abused by Sister Piano Teacher in her catholic school. Not to mention The Magdalene Laundries!
Right on! Excellent post.
YOU ENDORSED THEM.
Urban legend.
similarly, the alarmists have to stop talking about lowering the earth's temperature , like a thermometer. Comical. What's next ? Change wind direction ?
The difference is people with those ridiculous views are commonly dismiss or shrugged off with a laugh not speaking to large audiences of people in universities and celebrated like there extremist Islamic counterparts.
'The current 'protests' sweeping across the US aren't protests
It's a pity you haven't researched integrity
The trick is for granny to transfer her wealth to the kids before moving into publicly funded old persons accommodation. My friend did this as he didn't want the government sucking up his inheritance.
I would like Bob Rae to write an article to provide advice to Notley. His failures and problems are likely better learning experiences for a NDP government.
divadabz BS - the US has been arming them through their proxies Saudi Arabia and Israel for years. -------- does not make sense why would Israel help to arm Syria? not credible
Exactly, but that would make far too much sense, and I bet if the airlines were to try to implement that, there would be some wining special interest groups moaning about their so-called lost human rights.
It should be classified as a bribe.
This is not an issue of the 'left' being upset. This is a case where everyone who is not a Harperite partisan is reacting to an attempt by an arrogant and overweening government to tamper with the fundamental democratic rights of Canadians.
Rod, what are you talking about? Canonymous isn't making a claim, but rather is making a point (and a valid one at that).
They are poor because they are reliant on the drug trade and reliant on the drug trade because they are then poor. That cycle can be broken.
killing terrorists is repulsive to the leftist pacifists indulging in moral preening
A PM doesn't need to be liked, this is not the Miss America contest. A PM needs to be respected - and hairdo is not enough to get that respect.
Billy, how do you propose keeping Quebec'rs out of Canada when they find themselves out of work? Of course there will be a crossing and maybe like Mexico a fence.
5,000 years ago the Egyptians were building pyramids, there were mammoths on Wrangel Island in Siberia and the last of the glaciers were melting away in Quebec. These glaciers are gone now because of climate change that happens all the time.
There is gerrymandering and obscene spending; but in this election the Clintons make Frank And Claire Underwood look like saints...
The quaran forbids taking infidels as friends.
Albertans have always looked at Ralph's Reign through rose-coloured glasses. Had Laurence Decore won in 1993 we might have had a very different legacy. Ralph bribed us with unsustainable promises and give-aways. We were suckers.
How about this for a headline instead? ROCK 'N ROLL rocks dictatorships.
People are almost extinct? Really? There is a vast problem of mans inhumanity to man but human beings continue to thrive on all the continents.
Your government was both incompetent and corrupt. You should shut up, find a hole, crawl in, and stay there.
A little less nationalism and an appreciation of our constitution might give you a better perspective.
(you forgot a bunch of money on the Harper column, too.)
It is very sad that that stuff happened to this reporter in India, but that has little to do with the revised sex ed curriculum being forced upon our children, with no room for an educated debate or any degree of transparency.
So back to a calm and a peacefully collaborative Gaza without Hamas overlords pursuing a rational appeal to the World and International courts for justice and amelioration.
Regarding point 3. Russia had a lot to do with diminishing Hitler's army.
Hear hear.
Actually, there's shortage of housing stock with good location. Take Ottawa - any new developments are located about 1 hour of commute time from the downtown.
Maybe he is Justin Troud'eau.
I doubt that Clinton will push to get through the policies suggested by Sanders and made into part of the Dem platform. She'll allow them to die a quick death and move swiftly back to the right of centre.
What about the LIBERALS in Alberta Is none of the JUSTIN celebrity glamour rubbing off on Alberta?
Since when did how you choose to dress represent a 'core value'. Values and customs are completely different in any case.
Oh That Madge... anything for a headline./..
but they must keep Bieber.
Definitely. They think, if Pauline Marois is 'au puvoir,' the time of stupids is at last here.
Whats your point?
As with the Rosie O'Donnel swipe in the first debate, Trump's smirking that he should have won the Emmy shows what a petty and shallow person he is. And no sense of priorities.
Marriage? You mean that institution that works about as well as a coin flip? Marriage is not required for a committed monogamous relationship.
@monkey121 and Art Campbell So basically he provides citations and you ignore it all and just keep repeating the same thing.
Or if you read the truth (Party of One; Kill the Messengers) you may be able to pull your own head out of your echo-chamber-nether-end.
No, they know who is responsible, they are just hoping the rest of us don't start asking difficult questions about these very issues.
Ah, but they have another son of white male privilege up their sleeve. And he was a MuchMusic VJ!!
Darwin will see to the possible consequences !
The NDP needs an economist? to quote Che, 'I thought you said communist?'
@Marlon11, Good thinking: A vote for Justin would do more damage to Canada then bombing a soft target.
The Wildrose party's share of the vote fell from 34% in 2012 to 24% in 2015. There will probably be a new centre-right PC or similar party emerging before the next election but the Wildrose will never form a govt in Alberta.
...And the CFIB is an entirely balanced source with no axe to grind whatsoever on the issue....
Jack to be a teacher you need intelligence which Trudeau has ,on the other hand Harper not so much ,in that school were Trudeau was teaching ,Harper probably only qualified to be a janitor.
Me too!! and I'm 63.
Interesting that you say she 'looks like a person...'. Hmmm... you make these wrong-headed judgments based on how she looks. Because she wears a hijab. The broken one is actually you.
From recent reports the drunken stupors are coming fast and furious again. Big crash coming soon.
HaroldP must have forgotten Turkey when he bit into that Israeli myth...
I often disagree with John Ibbitson, but he is hardly the most detested columnist in Canada. Surely that honour is shared by ranting Ezra Levant and plagiarist Margaret Wente.
Tongue wagging and finger waving. Tsk Tsk, you polluting country you, shame. When the USA shuts down NASCAR, I might take it mildly serious. But then NASCAR does give hillbillies something to do on the weekend. It is a give and take thing.
Yeh, that was actually sarcasm/satire/comedy whatever - but no emojis allowed.
It will interesting to see how stubborn he continues to be if his numbers continue to soften.
Since you mentioned it, the CON elite are the ones who have jacked up the program to displace Canadian workers.
was "Hamilton" an ancient Greek Tragedy? get real
Of Trump Inc... until it goes belly up.
I would look at some kind of remote, online work
Let me see... 1/3 of 1000 years is 333 years,,, DO they really live that long in the US? Wow
bravo, Philly_Canuck... NICE GUYS THAT THINK ARE AROUND. Thank you.
Fair enough but let's not gloss over the fact that a good chunk of the population in western Ukraine fought with Hitler's Nazis again the Soviets. And today some of the offspring of those fascists a part of the new regime in Kiev.
Are you seriously comparing Bob Dylan - Bob Dylan! - to Shakespeare?
How typical of the comments section that the only intelligent contribution receive the greatest number of downvotes.
redrider: Come on now. We know it's you Mitt. Your smirk is showing.
Yes, and it's clear they can vote down comments, but I don't see them offering any sort of counter-point.
Sanders is very in tune with what goes on in the world around him.
The fact they can be so abused and have been means they have problems and need reforming (IMO).
yup... but in Canada....a megawatt is a megawatt is a megawatt
Good luck. The lunatic fringe in BC, led by the mayors of Vancouver and Burnaby, both NDP supporters, will never change their minds. Even though they drive cars and heat their homes with petroleum products.
Cheap shot Lamont. You are capable of better.
We should never shy away from an opportunity to remind police who their bosses really are: The public. Put these clowns back in their place Montreal.
Kick Duffy out of the Senate, and cancel his pension.
They CAN'T. This is being pushed down from ABOVE.
it's obvious that Harper's so called 'extreme ideology' doesn't extend to Supreme Court appointments - they are as always, fairly clear thinking jurists with no worry of undue influence from politicians. Well done PM.
No, this wil not happen.
It is even more dangerous to falsely accuse someone or to do so on the basis of what a prosecutor in the US says. Remember these people have to get re-elected. He would have a bias to prosecute, yet he decided not to. Do you wonder why?
Not at the G & M
I think the G&M has gone skunky.
Clinton supporters got their fake news fix from MSM
The world is watching: http://www.breitbart.com/national-security/2016/11/23/justin-trudeau-cozies-communist-millionaires/
That's right! because your children do not breathe in dirty air due to a wall**however with the mention of a wall you did prove you have your head in the sand and are a con
Maybe this is giving both of them too much credit but I wonder if this could be a planned strategy to show that this is now a 'new' political party and increase her appeal?
'Once a leader, Canada disappearing from the developing world'yes, Canadians are legends in their own minds..... this started with the Liberals under Chretien who decimated Canada's foreign aid budget not 'in the last 5 years' as Smilie claims
'And then the stream of dirty talk was aired on the network in the credits of MuchNews. That was a female producer?s call. I felt burned.'The producer owes you the apology - did you ever get it?
The Senate is fatally damaged and beyond redemption. The PM's choice is clear; shut it down or go down in 2015.
Oh well, Chicago will get it's community organizer back in November. Once he gets the bathroom policy fixed there, I'm sure he'll resolve all their other problems....NOT!
Chretien (liberal ??) had a debt of $562 Billion. After 15 years and a recession Harper has $600. Spin that however you want for your uneducated followers !!! LOL
Funny... you Liberals seem to enjoy electing nutbags.
Actually the Public Prosecutor reports to the Attorney General, who at this point in time is Peter MacKay. He can direct and intervene on any and all investigations without consultation with Parliament.
Don't gloat too much. He became the nominee because in their system they encourage non-party members to vote in the primaries as a means of recruiting members for the party - exactly the same idiotic system that our parties up here use.
[Asian demand for fossil fuel is just getting started.] Really? Speaking of fossils....Hey, how's that Energy East Pipeline coming along there? Find any investors yet?
Nope. If it is a war, it is a war on idiots with bad judgment and serious character deficiencies.
And an overconsumption of sodium chloride creates a craving for dihydrogen monoxide. It's all so insidious!
You failed to mention the obvious: Israel is surrounded by mortal enemies. The nukes are their insurance policy and they need it. Enough said.
'Harper went way over the top with the fear-mongering.'Creating and escalating fear is the definition of terrorism. Harper is consequently the most dangerous terrorist in Canada.
ZZZZZZZZAgree with this will be my only post.
Correct. Which is a bad thing.
So you have two properties that require energy, plus the driving back and forth, plus a boat to get out to the Island Property, and YOU are lecturing us on being environmentally responsible? WOW, talk about entitled.....
Such a manufactured sense of outrage!
Some will....that much is clear. You aren't being rational at all.
No mention of the niqab? I keep seeing it noted as a key issue against Harper (which is quite false) but it certainly did hurt Mulcair. No question about that.
Not stigmatising, understanding how others are not being included
There are many ways to contribute other than voting FOR something or someone that you do not believe in. I refuse to hold my nose and vote just because somebody doesn't really understand MY rights.
That's why Canadian college students in the 60's used to say, History is written by the rich in the blood of the poor, and wanted to change the world so that the future would be not so glorious for the rich, not so bloody for the poor.
Yes, but those countries don't claim to be democracies with respect for individual rights.
'Law of unintended consequences', isn't it?
So ethical cleansing? Really?
That is one of milder setbacks, personally I would call her some names that would just get my comment pulled.
Please, not Maggie again...
The US and Western media just has top notch propaganda, slowly people are realizing everything we are told are lies and distortions. The Globe and Mail is just another piece of the lying media machine.
On a cost per gram basis, oranges and bananas are cheaper than Oreo cookies.
I am well aware of our founding nations but please note ms Jean carried a French passport until she was requested to become a Canadian not English or French CANADIAN.
Strange how the G&M won't even touch on how The Leap Manifesto would have prevented the most costly environmental catastrophe in Canadian history. Just how much advertising revenue is the CAPP giving this rag anyways ?
Pierre Elliott Trudeau, that ardent monarchist, made sure that we couldn't shake off the monarchy. It is thoroughly embedded in all parts of the constitution.
Eric Holder was there too but was too busy as well ...go figure.
Check the NEB website. There are many comments posted in opposition to this project. No one has been prevented from communicating their concerns about the project to the NEB.
So if one opposes the Bill for whatever reason, one is a terrorist sympathizer. How long until Mr. Toews advances this argument?
BTW has the NYT reported on the ?drunken white chicks? comment from the brave Hamilton actor who lectured Pence? If The Globe can pull a reporter off the Kanye story and check this out that would be great!
Wait, did this need a sarcasm flag?
A bit of a weak article. The main reason given is being timid and the second mention is job choice. It has to be a lot more complicated than this. Write a longer article Margaret.
Seen on a Kenney campaign banner:'Cage fighting, camo, Viagra and free beer for everyone'
They have daddies, too. I wonder who daddy chose to marry?
What you want is called Preferential Voting.
Journalism rules the national vocabulary, so that vocabulary is getting more politically correct and stupider by the week.
Globe and Mail.....left wing zealots.....oh my god, that is the funniest thing I've ever heard! How about talking about those atheists over in the Vatican!
refugees want to start a better life for their families... they aren't coming here for our welfare system but a chance for a new beginning... in our past there was likely a couple with the same goal, and look how well we turned out..
Dang, flap
No, Britons will not enjoy their victory. The English and Welsh will. The Scots and the Northern Irish will not.
Anne MacP Harper does plenty of "singing" for me - at his toy piano with his "alleged" pedophile drummer in Israel, for e.g.
When he is not personally killing native women, right?
Mr. Yakabuski is desperate to dismiss the 70 percent of Canadians opposed to Mr. Harpy. We admit we loath the man, and our wish to dismantle his little regime borders on hysteria, but we see no shame in standing up for the best interests of Canada.
I'm sure if water levels rise 2mm per year there'll be guys like Mark who will find a way not being able to adapt and will drown.
Good post! Trudeau could fall as far as Prentice in the next 6 months.
Pretty clear you or anyone close to you has never had any sort of problem.
India has a very perverse culture. Public displays of affection, including hand-holding between males and females is frowned upon and never seen, even in Mumbai. Yet hand-holding among males is widely accepted.
It's clear from past election results that people aren't as smart or well informed as people of the past.
France is war mongering again.
I tell ya, if they hadn't been so aggressive in taxing cigarettes, there would be a lot less elderly screwing up the budget right now...
Good one!'I too am a (reluctant) Clinton supporter ...'Hilarious really.
turn back the clock on --- what democracy? there was none, the brits wouldnt allow it!! sheesh!
Verses Martin, Chretien, or Trudeau appointees? The ones that got us into this mess in the first place?
A nice touch of irony from the poor beleaguered white guy victim.
The Liberals have already rewritten it.Your point is ?
Dawn. Adams was always better than you, Don.
True. Steve 'Closet Commando' Harper is targeting a small group of conservative families for largesse.
Sorry if I'm not answering the right comment at the right place, this clunky system makes it impossible to get back to the right place.
If this was meant to be a satirical piece, it's bothffensive and inaccurate and a far cry from the standard one would expect of an accredited professor of a major university.
Union - spoken like a true tea partier.
Tell the polar bears.
Most of what Harper does, doesn't make sense.
The Globe's editors are truly 'progressive'; they believe in democracy in theory, but not in practice. Their so-called 'tolerance' extends only to those who share their opinions. What a shame.
We will surround ourselves with as many short sited people as we can and hope for the best, RIGHT?
Moral values? Isn't that rather arbitrary?
Not quite.. Pearson's Liberals had the majority say.. which pushed it thru. Regardless.. Branding is key especially in the modern era. We all know this. It's a given.. and the LPC takes advantage of that color scheme in major ways.
We also need some form of proportional representation so that no one leader can become the autocratic ruler of Canada.
One notes a couple of headlines in the British news:'Channel Tunnel could be closed at night if Calais crisis worsens''Calais migrants: British anarchists infiltrate camps to provoke trouble, police warn - '
Hey BJBeat, such enlighting brilliance!
He was trouble from the beginning.
you have to give Konrad an e for effort, he never gives up with the doom and gloom. I sure would not want to live in his world. To him the glass has never been half full.
I like your analogy!
I love Fife's commentary. For those of you who think the CBC doesn't like the cons, check out Fife. Of course, he treats all politicians who behave like pond scum with equal contempt.
'Sandstorm', if you're so afraid of statistics, maybe you'd better not get in a car any time soon.
Simple answer: the fascist wing.
Alceste what is Palestine?? Could you identify it on a 1950's map of the World, because it was never there???
Nothing wrong with his coffee, it is just that today you do not want to face the facts he is presenting.
I'm sure you're right. Just like the Alberta election last year, there were a lot of 'deathbed conversions' back to the status quo at the ballot box.
Check this out: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mxDSiwqM2nw
He spent 20 years in Canada after he left Canada Post. Hardly qualifies as 'promptly'.
GMO crops give you IQ deficiency syndrome .-)
You understand your quotation exactly backwards. It means that individuals should not seek vengeance.
so much for intelligent comment
I am thankful that an academic from the 'Centre of the Universe' can tell me 'don't worry, trust the Liberals on this'. Sorry, I want my own say in a matter of this importance.
Radical Islamists.
There are votes to be had in promoting the North and pretending you are standing up for Canadian sovereignty - it's just actually doing something positive that eludes The Harper Government.
What world do you live in where teachers make $90K? They might start at $45-$50K and get nothing near the guaranteed raises that firemen or police get... Principals might make $90K... not teachers...
Is the common factor the ability to make and keep commitments?
Maggie, great point. Forward your article to Justin Trudeau -- people coming to Canada should have to want to integrate!
Just maintain residency at your parents house. and come back and visit occasionally. Problem solved bleeding heart.
I wonder if any of the commentators participated in the national consultation on defense policy or attended sessions held by the Minister or his Parl Asst? Gotta go deeper than they are 'liberal' folks
Noted - I merely object to the generic groping for any excuse not to get off our butts .-)
@nixnuts - "rogue nation" is a meaningless term. And please explain how Saudi Arabia, Israel, Pakistan and the USA are not "state sponsors of terrorism". Just repeating faux news talking points is not an argument.
Ontario teachers union, Kathleen Wynne's private super pac.
Liberal parasite.
Iran and Turkey are the BEST places to be a woman!
How is unfettered capitalism working out for the USA? The highs are pretty spiffy, but the bill is sitting on the table and nobody is picking it up...
Gawd you are old. i used to listen to that same program. Weren't Sunday evenings great?
There are supporters of Naomi Klein?
Canadian Snow birds abuse our tax/benefits system during the winter months and certainly do not spend the money in Canada...
You need to do more reading, and less name calling.
...as fake as their lake.
Anthony, do you support our hard earned tax dollars to be used that way?
Corp synonym repository: ' precarious employment' equals ' flexibility'; 'restructure' equals ' policy of bringing in immigrant short-term labour at 15% less pay'...
You should come to Toronto.
The same risk applies to voting in the regular poll.
Saskatchewan has a green party?!
It is an outside war being fought on Syrian soil.
or maybe without the UN we'd be just fine and wealthier because it hadn't syphoned off all the money that could have done good efficiently
Very well stated article. He is a genius and offensive. What's scary is how hard it is for people to accept that our personalities are not just one sided.
Not wrong at all. He came in in 1933 and he could have done what the previous administration did in 1921 and the crisis would have been over by 1936. The war would have had no bearing on the recovery.
Teachers value their paycheques just like you do. Why on earth do you think that is strange?
So name three things the Harperites did that benefited Canada.
Refresh my memory, which religion killed millions of people in the name of imperialism or then thousands of people in Ireland or during the Thirty Years War or during fascist rule in Spain, Italy and Germany.
And who said anything about "forcing"? Don't project.
or is it--our allies are moving forward--maybe we will miss the boat.
Pathetic evasion. Shill.
It's only the Koch Bros. getting through with their donations to the Fraser Institute and other Tar Patch backers now, is it?
Yep. The Globe doesn't have the guts to write the names of the main editorial authors, because they know they'll be ridiculed. It's a shame they won't stand by their work, especially since they consider it so important.
No you are not, unless you subscribe to his beliefs.
.........perhaps due to our lax security ........
Ibbitson must agree that it was no big deal.
Great argument. You sure showed me.
It's becoming that way, particularly among a faction of youth who hope for progress through mental hygiene. Anyone not buying in is "privileged" and so irrelevant.
Smart advisors? Sorry, but the liberals don't have, even one.
Why does he say the Act is unpopular/insulting in Quebec, and in the same paper, there is an article by Gagnon saying it is popular in Quebec???
Conservative.
.The V?lkischer Beobachter's euphemism of the day: 'Ottawa'.
We need such reminders of the relative value of life in the jungle of an overpopulated society dominated by religion, caste and corruption.
@Miss MoppetJeez, why don't you tell us what you really think? Calm down. Read Peggy Wente's column. And grow up.
Who paid the bill?
Pure speculation. You should apply for a job with the National Enquirer.
And what good have you done, that would make you a judge.
ok so we can put you down for being up for physical confrontation, swearing and violence in the house. Got it.
Canada having a bad name is important? Jobs and food on the table is what counts.
Really, the Kurds are Muslims too.
Justin is dreamy.
Clean hands? Are you kidding. Only leftist hacks could describe Mulcair as having clean hands when he knew first hand of the corruption in Laval and said nothing to anyone. Until now, when other bring it out into the open.
Double down! If something's not working you probably just haven't done it long enough!
Luckily there are not more of her.
It all reminds me of the girls who go to dances, yet seem disgusted that a boy actually asks them to dance. ---------Ha! What dances were these? Must've been a looooooong time ago.
Patrick Clare, not all critics; just those who engage in mockery rather than polite discourse. Believe what you will, feel free to argue what you will, but please be polite about it.
Marion Marechal Le Pen is the future force of this party once her aunt leaves.
let us not forget that a lot of people moved to Alberta from Ontario over the last 15 years. Unfortunately they brought with them that incurable mental disorder known as liberalism. Liberals will not rest until the entire country is infected.
Nice history lesson. Nothing that happened then means anything now. Most importantly you have US planes in the sky too.
It is not the business of anyone if I want to commit suicide, and/or have a doctor or anyone else assist me. No law is required.
But 12 million resource poor farmers in the developing world are growing GM crops and the developing world just past the developed world in acres of GM crops. Seems the rest of the world does not agree with your position on this.
To really understand how this hoax is aided and abetted by useful idiots in the media, go to the Daily Telegraph and read the article that exposes the politics behind this report.
Just about anybody could earn a Master's if given nine years to do it while being mentored by people who see one as their next political hopeful. Anyone else, Joey, would have been booted from the university for not having shown sufficient progress.
If the Barenaked Ladies, Tragically Hip and Rheostatics came from Seattle they would've been referred to as a Movement. They were Ontario's turn of the '90s gift to the rest of the country....Well spoken Dave.
Wow, you have quite a hate on for Canada and the Holy Roman Empire. And it seems a lot of good conservatives are just as eager as you to belittle the country and Canadians whenever they stray from your narrow path.
Clinton's election campaign was funded by Saudi Arabia's oil wealth.
Lloyd Axworthy not supporting Trudeau is newsworthy in itself.
Do the one million GOVERNMENT WORKERS care? They delude themselves that they saved 100, 000 jobs from cuts If Wynne cannot decide to cut the credit ratings agencies, creditors and lenders will decide for her And it will hurt more when they do it
Merely proof that the Roman Empire policy of " Bread and Circuses" for the proletariat was sufficient governance .....
The next PM should just make one giant super-omnibus bill, eliminating each and every item of anything touched by the corrupt and illegitimate HarpoCult interregnum.
Most autocratic PM? Pierre Trudeau, October 1970.
Too bad Harper is not making it a one way trip. I suppose I shouldn't wish for such a thing as the Palestinians have enough problems with bad immigrants already.
Why does the G&M insist on calling the alleged surplus a 'surprise'? It's nothing more than a ploy by Harper, designed to excite and distract voters. The way to react to it is with bemusement and skepticism.
Very astute observation. All were true leaders. Our new man is just that - a pretty face.
And its that tax deductibility that means its not the government paying for Harper's invalid spending for his party's benefit, but taxpayers.
a the hitler bs usual left wing post of hate
Actually not quite two people. A 'distinguished fellow' must always be tabulated, as were African Americans at their low 19th century point, as but a fraction of a person.
Sure, slander those who disagree with you. It's all you have left when logic and truth prove you wrong. By your actions shall you be known.
I don't really care about Duffy. I'm waiting for the conviction and imprisonment of Harper. "Tough on Crime" hard at work for Canadians.
Harper has the cart before the horse, as usual.
say more... or delete?
LOL, I just read through these pathetic comments that range from whiny to huffy. Wow are a lot of Mulcair supporters uptight! Did you read the article?
Very well said. Intelligent comment!
My husband died at age 69 because he had to wait 10 months to get a surgery that he should have had within a month. The infection spread through his body and killed him. Don't tell me me can get good care when we need it.
Yes, it's very apparent that Harper is not Mike Pearson. Harper couldn't carry Pearson's briefcase.
Truer words...
Peter MacKay needs to reacquaint himself with the Law Society of Nova Scotia's Code of Professional Conduct, in particular section 7.3.
More likely carrying a bible and a copy of 'The Art of the Deal'.
Canada will benefit from GW.Although they never shout it from the rooftops.
I'd be more concerned about your son having to declare assets and file income taxes in the US when the time comes.
This is exactly the kind of apathy the writer is trying to discourage, if you can discourage apathy.
So what happened in Nova Scotia again?
And Harper who was totally in favour of pipelines built how many pipelines. So let's give JT a chance he could not to do worst than the last PM who built none, nada, zero, zilch.
I, for one, did not 'know' this. Imexpect several billion others didn't 'know' it either. Area 51, anyone?
Wrong, Ned. Production of services, e.g.education also creates real wealth. Your definition restricts 'real wealth' to goods only.
'The God Delusion' is always helpful as well.
Yet the Taleban who supported and protected Al-Qaeda who murdered 22 Canadians on 9/11 didn't need to be held accountable for their actions?
you are a very stupid person.
the left wing has no princilples or policies based on reality.,,.
Where is Harris anyway. We need him back.
'Is America better off and the planet safer?'Only a hack would offer up this question, as though some doubt might exist about the answer.
Extreme? Please, MacPherson is priceless. But he does give the fascists and socialists a hard time...
Science Fail: 'China and Russia are reportedly developing radar that can detect stealth aircraft.'
As a Liberal from Toronto I don't really think about these things much. Once Justin Trudeau is elected Prime Minister For Life, we will have sunshine and rainbows forever! This is what the CBC told me at least.....
And if the ultimate requirement is to ask 'what works' military intervention obviously hasn't worked; there were supposedly 30,000 ISIS fighters six years ago and there are supposedly more now spread over a bigger area.. so what is effective?
Then calling people from India as East Indians is definitely wrong. And legally too. Citizens of India are legally called Indians, not East Indians.
Oh Ms Renzetti, you are such fun! Thank you!
Where are the other chiefs? I would think they would like to have transparency and let their people freely interact with the press. Maybe, all the media should give this circus a pass.
Too true.. same old talking points.
Reality has a Liberal bias...
What scientist said you 'believers'can tell tell kids it's proven but science can't say it's 'proven',............... if we need to save the planet from CO2? Did Bush fear monger and exaggerate this much to billions of innocent children?
Damn Government.
Some people use the radio to harass people; We just shut it off.. It is really frightening when people in the government are using such devices to torment people.
That you justin???
Exactly - the editorial should have been processed by the 'Delete' button before getting this far.
Joey, considering how far to the right the Republicans have pushed the U.S. ...... oh, never mind. You're just wrong. You are always wrong. Now bask in your wrongness and bathe in your wrongitude, that's how wrong you are.
Now I understand why you support Trump so fervently. You are incapable of logical or rational thought.
If there are such regional disparities, let the provinces administer the programs.
Th Chinese goverment gave 1 million to Justin's personal Trudeau foundation.
Liar. The actual number is 17.5%. See: http://www12.statcan.gc.ca/census-recensement/2011/as-sa/98-314-x/98-314-x2011001-eng.cfm
I agree with you Rob. The author also offers no solutions to the problem. We have been seeking solutions for decades. It's not easy or it would have been solved by now. Not gonna rain on my parade.
Don227 gives no indication of his feelings about the author being "a conservative", only saying that he worked for the Conservative Party. You need to give your logical fallacy factory a rest.
In the board room with the newspaper's owner discussing ways that he can minimize his taxes through political action.
Many here are asserting that one civilization is superior to others. May I hazard a guess which civilization they are referring to?
Why is it divisive to ask an immigrant what their values are? More Politically correct BS.
In agreement with Steinem and Albright.
Wow. A Dipper relying on over-used Jargon: 'dog whistle'. Shocking. Do you guys never think for yourselves? C.
'Though homophobia certainly still lurks in clubhouse culture, ...'Evidence please, or is it just presumed because it's all male.
That's correct, IanC. Actually - it may have been the many douzens of homophobic comments you've posted on this board over the years that inspired me to give my vote to Kathleen Wynne.
Isn't that we they thought in 2008 and 2011. Some seem to think they are still the natural governing party. The Tories are not the natural governing party, but neither are the Liberals.
...And his generation is out of touch with reality. They should all grow up.
And leaf blowers.
Tail end, don't you find it suspicious that the prosecution is always deeply convinced that the accused is guilty, and the defense is deeply convinced that he is innocent?
The Kathleen McGuinty government has a sweetheart deal with the teachers unions, the Brewers Retail, private power companies and others for the same reasons... money.
I don't live in the West but nice assumptions fag. 
It doesn't. It matters if she knowingly lied about it.
Happy with life, I understand you're a hypocrite, who alternates between posing as neutral, open and unbiased . . . and posting brainless insults at "leftists" and "socialists." I don't need 'a further schooling' on that, thanks.
how old was harper when he became head of the CRAP ?
Well john2012, still very impressive. I have to ask though, does your mother or do your kids, as appropriate know what you are doing? Seriously, I doubt if the mafia would indulge in your behaviour, namely, taking from the elderly.
Disco ? You need to join the '90's
It took a while, but here you are...
Perhaps it is coming time to challenge it in the SCC. The score is now SCC 5, Harper 0, lets make it 6 to 0.
Whenever I have to watch commercials at movies I think "didn't I pay for the movie already?" It's like having commercials in a paid online service. So tempting for the businesses running those businesses but so wrong from a consumer perspective.
So are you suggesting we should continue to jail people who are, and will continue to consume responsibly?
This is about 99 on my list of priorities. let's get some action on pipelines, jobs and the economy.
You should see the African Town in Canton!
Can we please follow the example of the New York Times, and only have REAL names in the comments section? Take a step back... why do these posters hide behind these, as absurd as they are, comments?
CompletelyHedged - Harper has put the majority of judges on the Supreme Court and thinks they will therefore bow to the Harper will. We'll see.
Well goody for you.
Gee, how about bill C-16?
First place. Like the Steve/ McKay bait and switch with Orchard? Lies and damned lies in the first place.
Islam makes for wonderfully tolerant, enriching and inclusive societies. It's not only a religion of peace but of joy as well.
Even your conspirators have thrown the global warming / climate change scam under bus. Every type of left wing crackpot and nut job have latched onto the climate change scam to promote their own little evil agenda.
Sounds like deflection to me - oh no need for an International Criminal Court, we're all responsible. NO. Send Blair to the Court immediately and others as appropriate.
They learned bumpkiss !
'It's the Liberal 'soldiers in the streets with guns' which ran in my area (eastern Ontario).'=======Lie. It never ran. Period.
Called democracy there comrade.
Good points. One of my concerns is their denigration or organized labour- which plays into the hands of the 1%; and yet decry the fact that the middle class is being decimated. And the tax issue- as you said, is ludicrous.
Yes common sense is confusing if you are in Harperland.
I find the Calgary Flames name to be extremely homophobic and I am outraged. And don't forget about the Green Bay Packers!
It is only the vote in about 5 States that will make the real difference in the Electoral College. Whoever wins Cal, NY,TEX, Ohio, Mich. and a couple of others win regardless of what the other do.
Change the sign outside from 'Liberry' back to 'Library' and you should be safe again.
I'll say it a million times. Define terrorism. Relevant legislation doesn't and it casts a huge net including peaceful protesters and those who 'threaten' national security (or just might make some people look a bit out of control).
that applies to 96% of Canada
Me too please!
Hear, Hear! One million McJobs for everybody! Hurrah!
Making your decisions on third hand information?
You have a serious disconnect with reality if you think anyone in the federal government did this. It has more to do with the Star trying to put its only competitor out of business.
Frank would have eaten Obama for breakfast.
Not to mention that it is a much smaller carbon footprint to heat a home in California?
A caricature of tackiness. Amazingly unbelievable that one man's egomania can reduce an entire country to a cartoon.
Mr. Harper, in front of an enormous Canadian flag, announces the Canadian Government's new Schutzstaffel.
Have you even gone to the link provided in the article. This isn't just about CEO compensation--it's more about average workers.
Desire to get rid of political subversives in our parliament and the PMO.
Thousands of Sikhs died for the British Empire from the 1850s to 1947, and the Brits had no problems with them wearing turbans.
On one level, since the PMO is an office, it's quite right to say it can't write anything. On another level, you seem unaware that, at that time, Wright was the head of the PMO. So, the head of the PMO wrote a cheque to make a problem go away.
He certainly knows who will win, but He's more concerned with your answer to His question...'Who do YOU say I am' ? The apostle Peter had the right answer. Do you? Get it wrong and you'll spend an eternity wishing you'd hadn't. Mark 8:29
so did Hamas and Hezbollah. Arafat was a murderer. What one says is not always what one does. Abbas has not 'given' Israel the right to exist. But it would be really kind of him if he did.
ah back to the basket of deplorables again. That basket contains millions of black, hispanic and women taxpayers
Mr. Wiseman makes all kinds of sense. The reference to the 1993 election under FPTP resulted in an obscene result for the P.C.s.
Like asking police to give up their weapons while the gangs continue to load up. I'm sure that will have a good outcome.
There is no reason to assume that is not also the case at Air Canada. Fingerprinting is, simply, cheaper and easier for the company.
True. But they were idiots for ever voting for him in the first place, unless by 'blue' they mean social conservatives. The lack of fiscal deftness of this government has been on display since they first took minority power.
Exactly right. It sickens me to see people with an anti-immigrant bias try to play this to their anti-immigrant ways. TFWs are exploited people, period.
Bitter much? Instead of seeking out past wrongs, why not embrace this opportunity for dialogue and change. Or you can complain. But that doesn't get anyone anywhere.
I believe you folks are commenting on another story. Laxer is pointing to the very specific distinctions between the two camps. Let's see how his objective analysis holds up.
The best example of repeating a lie as truth is the perpetual lust to war for peace.
I'll buy that. In fact, some studies show a decline in utilization with increasing age. It looks as if the sick ones, who drive the increases while alive, may be dying off, leaving the healthy ones remaining.
The Libs in their infinite wisdom decided a shiny pony camp councillor was much better that a highly educated astronaut. Yup, the libs are always the smartest in the room.
Both of you missed the point of the editorial.
Funny that the points you raised have a profound impact in this particular case and the two previous replies are a reflection of the true problem - Canada treating the Indigenous Populations at a sub par level, for some, Truth hurts.
Who can remember that Danish island that Harper was claiming belonged to Canada? Is this related to that? Next thing you know he'll be saying the Falklands belong to Canada. Must we really be the laughing stock of the world?
Excellent cut and paste job.
Jack Canuck.......it is CATHOLIC BIGOTRY that is the problem.
Every election the most photogenic candidate is selected the winner - by the almighty TV camera. The rest is mere superfluous commentary.
Enjoying your tin foil hat I see!
What should the question?
Can't we just focus on the most vulnerable for now? That would be the children and parents who support them. And among these family groups, let's focus on the ones at most risk due to ethnicity or religion. Gender bias and fear-mongering be damned.
Hyperbole much?
Flanstein 15 hours ago There is only one religion that seeks to kill, convert or subjugate us. Guess which one that is?....................... Yeah, it's called capitalism. You celebrate your own enslavement. Disgusting.
"You can stand up for someone's right to say something, even when you find it offensive and would never say it yourself. Is that so difficult to understand? " Including the Dalhousie dental students? Your comment is far too broad.
It is unfortunate that Mister Flanagan's past actions make it hard to read anything he writes.
Its easy, the climate policy of BO is a complete FAIL. He does make Al Gore rich though.
'Islam, however is an unbending religion whose tenets and dogmas seem to be fixed at a point in history'If that were true, then why are there so many different kinds of Islam?
We've seen this movie a couple of times. The Liberals will campaign on whatever they think will give them a win, and do the opposite. Shiny Pony, or the next Liberal leader, can reverse himself without notice.
If Toronto were willing to go to 50 wards, then we could have 2 wards per federal riding, and there would be limits to gerrymandering. Or we could have 5 super-wards with 8 councillors each, using Single Transferable Vote.
But I thought diversity is our strength ?
.How many HUNDREDS if not thousands of examples would you like of;Developers savaging Montreal heritage sites/buildings in the name of the old mighty DOLLAR?.
Hey pablum a lot of thought in your post wow
Reading that quickly has one think... sad and sick. Imagine, Tony...
too late to dump this little photo op ... they are all going down in flames.
i don't believe you, you're stoned
You seem to have a faith in Pachauri and His Clan of PT Barnum Hucksters... so in the end who cares Blubber? Where did the Heat go do tell us please, and use Science!
W.B. Devitt III: Yes, you're right. And it's about bleeding time the electorate began to wake up.
He was a three star general.
dave374000... who said anything about outlawing abortion? Most Canadians agree that there need to be laws enacted in regard to abortions.
So true; this is an important message.
Having just seen Power and Politics, I'd say TGAM's editorial board is the laughing-stock of their professional peers as well as us ordinary folks.
Wow, people who just don't get the cultural reference of Rocky and Bullwinkle... humourless....
You mean the interns from Ryerson don't know basic Latin? The horror..............
Oh yea, donated the third or fourth time to the Ukrainian army. Glory to the heros! And may the lying invader pigs crawl back to thier master.
Wow. Thanks for clearing that up, M. So if it is a "opinion" piece, one can indulge in stereotyping and such. But only if it is "middle-aged white guys".
Opps turns out it's hundreds of thousands - google China and Falun Gongor just check wikipedia.
Ah, the ends justify the means then. Well good to identify that you think that way.
I'll whisper it in your rear Corn. It is called satire.
Those are the ones that get the more widespread press.
It's the GLBTQ bigots that want to deny TWU accreditation. Shame on you. Embrace diversity.
I will await the next article by Mr. Saunders painting Malmo Sweden as a model of economic success and social integration...
Melodrama much?
People who are concerned about the fate of their grandchildren ?
This older white man got it too, and had a good chuckle, although I listen to the CBC all the time and only shake my fists at the repeats. Hmm, maybe I'm too educated...
'Mr. Harper is not bringing back capital punishment. He?s doing worse. Condemning human beings to die in their cells like forgotten animals without the slightest trace of hope is a punishment more cruel than injecting them with lethal poison.'So?
Totally agree.
True. That was a genocide. This is not.
Oh, tell us EdB1, what are your qualifications again? Surely you wouldn't just repeat talking points you read on some right wing website?
Excellent (and largely ignored by those seeking our vote) point this poster raises.
[Why do they come to live among infidels they hate? Why?]I guess it beats watching your kids drown.
Irony maybe?
Hows that new job at Russia's state security organ going?
Kevin O Leary - businessman? Orlucky loudmouth ?check the performance of his fund to get an idea of the business competency you hope he brings to the table
Greece doesn't have the ability to print money as they use the euro.
I just love how when one talks about lack of jobs they bring up automation and how lack of jobs has nothing to do with free trade, immigration, and TFW's. But then if the country is being automated why then do we need immigrants and TFW's.
50 - 100 M ?????How about 20 M +/- post WW1 era when all European populations were under severe stress ....
OK boyz, the banks are virtuous. UBS has never been fined for acting improperly. Can't wait 'til they f*ck you out of your money, and they'll get it one way or the other.(Sarc off)
In the US, with similar demographics to Canada, 42 percent of the children are born to single mothers. No father is present in the picture. So, college educated or not, marriage is going to be for fewer and fewer people.
You imply that all communist countries are the same.
Foaming-at-the-mouth could mean garbage out is garbage in. Trump shows his level of values and who needs this putrefaction?
Conservative for life? Stupid for life would be much more suitable for you.
The overal vote + the PC's exceeded the NDP vote by 10%.If the PC's fold, the majority will go to Wild Rose. If the NDP pulls an 'Ontario', they will be out the door next go - round, and WR will be the only choice (unless the Liberals rise??)
Wow. Second time lucky, I guess. I wonder who exactly monitors these posts, anyway?
It's long for a very good reason. Trump has done and said many, many, many awful things.
So why does the government feel it needs to force middle income earners to save? Can adults not take care of themselves? It should be a choice. Why does the government need to micro manage us? Generation Screwed...
We are... big time...!
I'll give you the scary xenophobia, but that has nothing to do with the social contract.
Corporate militarism is always looking for an opportunity to come knocking.
There's a reason Layton received Chretien's funeral, he was Harper's best Liberal Crusher.
' Where is the opposition? 'Business media is terrified of giving social democrats a voice .
Penis: A New Biography? I still think it would be a hard sell...
Move on-Harper is gone and now Justin has to do better or will he do as he is now and just use Conservative platforms like in Paris ?
Is it really Liberal non-partisanship or is it neo-liberal conservative fiscal policy agreed to by all the corporate parties? Only Justin's hairdresser knows for sure.
The only reason we do not see more Harperites posting their destructive acid today is that the PMO is on Christmas break so is not monitoring this site.
Need you be reminded of Harper's TPP deal?
Trump is absolutely the worst 'ugly American' and certainly won't do anything to improve the image of Americans worldwide.
http://www.cnn.com/2016/09/20/politics/george-hw-bush-hillary-clinton/
What about a national TV commercial that shows a young waitress slap a middle aged white male customer on the back of the head for not ordering the salad? Now, try reversing the genders.
@ Beegor....not worth responding. You are so wrong in so many ways. No doubt, however, that you surround yourself with people that hold your same views, so you will never comprehend how outside the mainstream your views actually are.
Don't despair. With the new Trade agreement with China the End is Near. Welcome to the Next Tibet. They are just here to help us become Better businessmen!
Did you boss Justin tell you to deflect any criticism back to Harper? You've earned this $0.02.
upanddown, are you referring to Keith Richards?
Because of course, airlines just want to crash planes. What could be better for profits?
Science is about finding errors and fixing them. However, your point doesn't support alternative approaches.
Retaining power is what gang shoot-outs are about.
globe editors.. stooping to new lows every day... Run along little editors... Harper beckons with more lies..
So culture is the reason why Hillary gets the Black vote as she is so culturally like them?
No matter what happens, Cuba will still be a communist dictatorship, and as CBC reported during an in depth examination of this 'thawing', the real US goal in Cuba is 'regime change'.
Do you subscribe to conspiracy theorist international or something.
Like this guy doesn't have an expected bias.
only a few more years lib, justin is already crashing in the polls
Or act like a pigeon and.....
Canada and US politicians are susceptible to bribes. The best Politicians money can buy.
Speculation based on polls is too dodgy to be taken seriously as surely a seasoned political commentator like Mr. Martin should know. I'd much more accurately say that the Tories are doomed. I feel it in my bones.
Bill to the Taxpayer is in the stratosphere
I don't have any problem with her heritage. She's a Canadian now and therefore has as much right as you and I do to express her opinion.
Only Justin Trudeau scares them more, ha, ha, ha.
Way to hijack the topic, dude.
Actually, no. There is little of that in evidence on these comment boards.
Well and succinctly put. You have my vote.
Where does it say in the article that 40% goes to solar? Your entire comment is nonsense and indicates someone who has no real clue of how the energy file in Ontariowe is set up.
I cannot see any of your hypothetical costumes, or complete nudity, as a problem in a school. It is a place of learning, not a place of business.
Margarete Wannabee Wente is the Globe & Mail's Christina Buzzard.
The writer had a point, you do not. Your dragging out the old standby "mysoginist" sinks to a level of personal name calling.
If you are annoyed by it, you don't really understand it.
George Smitherman WOW! The king of sleeze! Orange air ambulance scandal, Windmills, McGuinty, s henchman in crime and scandal. Hope The Lieberals pick him , he has all their qualities as a candidate.
I think you are going to see the nation state reborn in the next couple of years. Globalization is not working. The world is in stasis with no growth. Part of the problem is the universality of policy and the agreement not to upset the apple cart.
Also, Robert Nixon and Stephen Lewis (particularly) were gutless.
They will still come for the weather.....Oh, wait...
I wouldn't call Stintz fiscally responsible! A drama queen maybe, but not fiscally responsible!
It tells us she's got the same kind of chip on her shoulder that Harper does.
Statesmanship requires vision and generosity. Truly, can anyone associate those qualities with Harper?
The former younger generation were spoon fed the lies of the benefits of globalism and trickle down.'Fool me once....'
'But many detailed economic studies show that steep emission cuts needn?t lead to broad calamity; in fact, over time they could stimulate new growth.'Like Ontario's 'Green Energy' plan? The only growth it stimulated was the in your electricity bill.
Il y'a un autre mot, "ind?pendance" en fran?ais. C'est pas la m?me chose que "souveraint?". Celle ci a et? vendue comme si la province pourrait ?tre ? la fois souverain et Canadien.
After 44 years of the P.C.s and decades of Social Credit before that, Albertans have had enough of the 'right' for a while and are willing to give the NDP a chance. We'll see in three years if the NDP deserves another mandate.
Maybe not if they are income taxed in their home province. Maybe if income taxes were even lower in AB as a result of taxes coming in from an HST, then more of these itinerant workers would do what it takes to set up an AB address.
Why are you here then?
Yet another paid comment from a Harpercrite shill.
The problem is EVERY single thing you said contradicts the science as we know it. If you can make up your own facts then you can convince yourself of anything.
Should Carey Price remove his mask?
Some people just don't deserve to live in this country.
How about our Blue Jay?
Perhaps you need to grow up and understand what has been happening to our country in the past eight-plus years.
Fuddle duddle is back!
The Parties in the US and Can are broken. Thee Trump show is a beacon of hope. Go Oleary.
Canada has too many mouth pieces who's angst filled self loathing is an embarrassment to the nation. But progressives have no shame, the actually think they are right, with the possibility that they aren't never occurring to them.
Rather condescending comment, don't you think? Try doing the job or at least attempting to understand what it is all about prior to making such a 'judgemental' comment. You are engaging in the very stereotyping you are condemning.
Eurostar London to Paris is approx. 300kph
Alberta has also contributed a net of over a half trillion since this program was initiated But we are the most caring, sharing province in this country. Unlike other narrow minded, self-centered provinces. Look it up Cassy.
You have a way of over-generalizing and stereotyping everything don't you Joey.
'Republicans win, but America suffers'That's an unremarkable statement, like saying the sky is blue.
Really? I thought it means that in America no one is above the law. The latest 'scandal' with Wiener (Eww!) is not even connected to Hillary or her private server and it concerns a scant 3 emails.
I didn't trust Harper but I didn't feel the need to own a gun in response Not trusting is not the same as wanting to be armed
Thank-you. Um, you do know that its spelled Asclepius don't you?
Ontarians are going to have to choose to accept this damage to their lives, or get rid of these Green clowns once and for all.
In keeping with the theme of this satire, I see. Perhaps you could tweet it as well?
When a law becomes a subject of laughter and derision for the citizens it governs, that law soon becomes ineffective and ignored. Just ignore these dolts. They do an admirable job of shooting themselves in their own feet.
I don't think sharing the risk of insured mortgages is part of this package. It may come in the future, and i hope it does, to discourage the irresponsible lending that you (and I) are worried about.
This article is a shining example of why we need more young people in politics both north and south of the 49th.
You only had to Google it, but here you go: https://www.thestar.com/news/canada/2016/08/22/islamic-schools-mosques-in-canada-are-filled-with-extremist-literature-study.html
You're living in the pre-Chretien and pre-Harper universe.
You completely missed the point, Concerned - completely.
She also omitted Nevada, which I believe has also had greater success than Germany and the Netherlands.
PET was in a fight with St John the Baptist?
The CBC often hides facts that conflict with its agenda.
RJ Present your arguments to the College of Physicians and Surgeons? Perhaps the Society of Christian Physicians and Dentists forgot to mention your arguments when they were lobbying for freedom of religion to the College.
Don't you just love the yahoos (not the native Americans) who refer to people as 'these people'?Yup, middle of the road attitude ...
You've rather missed the whole point of this discussion...
Holding BMI steady, a taller person will weigh more than a shorter person. Are the airlines taxing height?
Can you read? He named three people: Bradlee, Clinton, Lewinsky. What do they have in common? None of them are Canadian. All are American. You really don't have a culture of your own.
True, but also modern people don't back up their views with actions, they just endlessly trade words back and forth. That will lead to some barbarians (uncivilized men who ignore words) of some description setting up shop.
Great news now we can give out more medals for war heros. They will have as much success as the US had in Vietnam. At least we are full members in the war club now. So much for Trudeau standing up for his and Canada's beliefs!
All these problems would go away if only Canada would insist on single nationality. You want to be a Canadian - leave your Pakistani-ness, Americana, Britdom behind! Who says which nationality is OK to be a dual-national of and which one is not?
Ken: I'll bite, does your "remote" property come anywhere near Red Lake? ...Or do you live in the city, and have a cottage in Muskoka.... My definition of "remote" doesn't have multi-million dollar sport complexes....
Alas, the Hippocrates Health Institute does not practice traditional medicine. It merely acts as a 'feel good' spa offering raw food and pep talks.
Saunders begins from the premise of Jesus' promise in Mark 14:7.
get your tin foil hat ready !
You give a good argument for eliminating the provinces.
Actually, there is no 'law' forbidding a Canadian from being elevated to the peerage. The Nickle Resolution of 1919 is just that - a resolution. Canadians were knighted during Bennett's administration in the early 1930s.
see also Clinton, Hillary
Absolutely. This article is a joke.
Why do you think it is that there are these variations? Most people understand that the evidence is showing that it is biology.
How many accounts do you have SS?Give a hug to Jenni Byrne for me? Kiss Kiss
The niqab issue is just a front for Islamophobia.
Good start. But it will take a lot more political and historical analysis to discover why Harper did the right thing. The event is so rare that we have little experience comprehending it.
Um, have some campaigns, and hold a vote?
Weird, the top marginal Federal tax rate was 70% in 1981 but was reduced to 50% in 82 and then dropped to 38.5% in 87.
TRIPE is still TRIPE I obviously don't travel in socialist circles but have never heard of FREELAND before . Have certainly heard of AYN RAND and am sure you all agree with her ?
ahahahahahaha... I can't wait for the start of Donald Trump's presidency, it will be EPIC. I hope puts drama teacher, selfie boy in his place. Go Trump, Make America, and the West, Great Again.
Flanagan is considerably more qualified to comment than you.
The saddest spectacle of the BOOMERs is their push against being called OLD !! Our stance makes us look laughable to the younger generations IMHO !![ BTW I'm a '06/ '51' BOOMER who is now 63.5 years OLD !! ]
how can a consumption tax be good for economic growth when it's taxing growth!
There is no functioning government in Libya...
No, the rednecks were lied to by Bush and Powell and Hillary Clinton etc. They were not happy and wanted real conservatives, not draft dodgers like Bush.
You are correct! nukes are a great levelling field and Canada should get on board.
Altruistic Putin was just doing the world a favour?
Dear Rifleman1010 - I just read the section on Tax integration. My position is unchanged.
Well the Globe had bloody well not support Harper and the Conservatives for next year's election!
Steve, anything that is common sense is gibberish to you
No. I liked Allison Redford. Nice try though.
Well -- certainly we would have to take the UK's word for this. It looks like a snub to me -- and a much deserved one given the ambiguous signals we are sending.
Same penalty as a DUI. Second offence 14 days in jail.
MicheleAs I've said in another forum, I've always seen Harper as a hollow Old Testament type of guy who really doesn't like other people.
Mark, I have had 3 zaps now in the manner you describe. Apparently mentioning this media outlet triggers the filter to send your post into the ether. It all I can discern that would have been deemed offensive.
Yes please! As a long time Liberal supporter, I fully support Kevin O'Blowhard to run for the leadership. Now that is entertainment.
Posters here have been challenging Atwood to lower her 'carbon footprint' by giving up travelling by auto, plane, etc. You are barking up the wrong tree, she never used them, she gets around via broom.
But this guy sounds like he isn't comfortable unless he has at least several month's worth of everything, including perishable like OJ.
Let's be clear, this is nothing more than conservative e feigned indignation and conservative mischief making ... what a shame ...N'ough already ...
I think you need to look up Imperialist in the dictionary
Depends on what those resources are. If there's a shortage of hip surgery specialists, moving some from the public system to a private system creates a short line for some and a longer line for others.
your numbers look a little high
The argument ad hominem is a classic error. You have just committed it.
What a gripe fest of a column!!! Good heavens.
No, citizenship is a privilege....I think I'll cancel my Globe subscription. What a crock, wait until they kill someone in your family. These people have no place in our society.....period.
It is fine to point out climate change concerns, it is a whole other thing to conjecture about causes and solutions
The best memorial to our fallen dead of any war is to treat those who survive and return with the respect and assistance they deserve. Stop cutting funds to veterans!
Because he doesn't have to and because he's a smarter politician than Harper, who ludicrously thought he could interfere in their election and try to bully them into supporting his pipeline. Obama - 1, Harper - 0.
Much as I hate to say it, China and Singapore are doing pretty well without much in the way of real democracy. Maybe Churchill was wrong. I hope not.
Btw, if a salesperson on my team blew an account this large, they would be fired.
But Mugabe signed the Paris Climate Accord to save the world so you know it has credibility...
And yet you could still make a comment!. I assume you are making a joke in this particular case, however I believe many comments are made without reading the article
'Other than a few potential decent ideas in Immigration'. you are joking, right? starting with the main one: flooding country with temporary foreign workers ?
cnp - Exactly !
In what was has Harpo been 'effectual'???
Yup, it's all a conspiracy. I have some cheap tin foil for sale, if you are interested.
Dave: you must have a short memory.... Martin was one of the harshest critics of the Liberals under Chretien and Martin. He's even handed, unlike some..... Harper just gives him a lot of dirt to work with.
Sheep #5491 - have you finished with your trolling...?
Yes, he basically said that ordaining homosexuals gave rise to child diddlers.
No No No...R Rowat... it's all due to a white male desire to not let go...everyone knows that don't they ?
You mean you want schools established by the Charter Society (founded for that purpose in 1733) to provide a Protestant education to poor Catholics in Ireland? 

How would that work?
A journalist writing an article like this is far more hateful than anything Donald Trump has ever said.
Case in point: Rorymax post above
Asking a question is now an attack?
Then what are your specific objections? Please enlighten us.
first they came for Rick Salutin but the globe did not speak outthey fired him
Ms. Byrne, you are ignorant, uneducated and coarse. Go away. And Globe and Mail? Shame on you for giving her a forum. She adds NOTHING.
Huh? Where did this wing-nut Gray come from? the Athabasca has pulp and paper mills, coal mines, and naturally occurring bitumen deposits that it flows over. The lies are in his column.
Was thinking the exact same thing.
That's the Globe and Mail for you Chris, it's your style too.
if the shoe fits
It would be except that too many suckers will love the crap in this book.
Lying to the American public? ================================================ Did you not hear the old joke about politicians ? When do you know they are lying? When they are moving their lips. They all lie. Wake up.
Jimmy: I just looked at the costs for one of the first-year history courses I used to teach online for Athabasca University. It is $663 for a half-year course.
No - ignorant spoiled brat voters rule ....
?Lots of guys can do that with a little practice.? LOL. How do you know; because you ?practiced? it before?
I hope you don't have any leather at all. I hope you do not eat any meat or dairy at all. I hope that you have never killed an animal even while driving at all. Karma.
it s a shakedown for more money from a Quebec politician all very Canadianadjust the numbers the right way and this goes away
oh please. Go back under your rock.
Actually, War- we have a great deal to show. You might check out the list of accomplishments (trudeametre.ca)- but you have to learn to spell.
That is a very poor argument. It doesnt respond to my arguments at all
And for that I gave you a vote 'up' ...Cheers .-)
All the more reason to get religion out of all of our public ( and publicly funded) institutions.
I notice she doesn't mention Wynne's mobile campaign. Maybe because Harper's doing the same thing.
No, it is a legitimate question, are we one nation or not?
In 50 years some white professor will be asking the question,'Why aren't there more whites in cabinet?'
Dishonest Liberals (redundant, I know) will not publish net income numbers because they wish to distort how much doctors make. No overhead costs, no RRSP contribution consideration, no benefits, and no vacation. Raw salary. Hoskins is scum.
The changes required to correct many of the issues facing the RC Church would essentially make it Protestant. I wonder what Martin Luther would think of things?
Rofo is the con-serve-yourself status quo that needs to go!Wynne's Liberal kindness is in!
Keith, is everyone who doesn't think like you a bigot?
Gosh, 8 years ago isn't long enough any more. Now we have to reach back 40 years. How about we start talking about how Diefenbaker opposed the Canadian Maple Leaf Flag?
Me neither.
You figure?
I think school boards tend to use the instrumental version, anyway. It wouldn't be as onerous as task as you'd think. After all, it's been done before, more than once.
On your way to delusionland remember who made Canada a one-trick pony of OIL OIL OIL
This newspaper is truly ridiculous. They have a column today by Margaret Wente on, get this -- journalistic ethics. And it is in their newly named 'Debate' section -- and comments are closed.
What's up, Doc? Don't forget the shemozzle at Red River College in Winnipeg. Nyaaah, what a maroon!
Its scary that Mulcair and the NDP are offering up the more centrist, more thoughtful alternative than Liberals under the boy wonder and his communist leanings.
Don't worry, pal. Canada isn't going anywhere near those Caribbean nations. The entire Caribbean is a big illegal drug market. Bring those islands into part of Canada, and I can guarantee you that pot, coke and other drugs would flood Canada.
"We" didn't.
Same old terror apologist Sanders.
If the perpetrator is First Nations the courts too often send them to a Healing Circle, and then they are free to rape and pillage again!
It is too early to judge. They have inherited many messes and areas of neglect. They are improving healh care for indigenous people and begun the MMWI enquiry.
You should follow Tarek Fatah for more opinions from a rational muslim.
What I am saying is eating a cow as oppose to eating a dog should have no difference, each should be considered to be just as morally wrong.
Agreed. Obama unfortunately continued with the righteous top-down violent regime change strategy.
Cubans aren't burdened by religious fanatics.
How are 'we' to blame for Pakistani Muslims killing Pakistani Christians and Shia and Sunni Muslims killing one another ?
Hard to believe that Thailand actually has a more powerful system of checks on the head of government than Canada. Actually more disturbing than difficult.
I'm sure you were all for Harper and C-51.
When people like Trump who live a clean life free of smoking, drugs, booze and casual sex are usually healthy enough to eat KFC and enjoy it. Something the Obama's cant stomach.
Here's how it works: http://campaign2015.fairvote.ca/proportional-representation/
Diane, Apples and oranges. The conservatives have a bad smell, shall we say halitosis, however the Ontario Liberals are like an open sewer.
How are the gay people treated in Modern India?
bravo to the courts .......now send the complainants an ultimatium pay the citizens of Canada back the money wasted in the courts for their silliness or leave the country and return to your homeland !!
You mixed up the order of 'initially' and 'ultimately'.
...the new age of amazons dawning?
As soon as he cleans up the mess in SK.
Can't get laid unless you pay for it?
The one that has something to do with taking responsibility for one's own actions, maybe?
This brought to mind this article I recently read, by Uri Avnery, about the rise of the far-right in his country of Israel. http://www.counterpunch.org/2016/05/30/the-center-doesnt-hold/
It doesn't matter - the International Socialist Brigades have been mobilized by the Globe & Mail...
My impression is that the apparent change in point of view is related less to "ratings" and more to "learning". Hats off to any politician with the intelligence and humility to change their mind.
Don't blame the media for this loser.
Hey Pal, read 'The Case for Christ' by Lee Strobel. You'd have to recant everything you've said.
The G&M has blocked my completely normal comment... one of the many reasons why I have not and would never pay for reading this newspaper....
Harper is willing to bring home our best in body bags just so he can get re-elected. Jumping into another Vietnam style war is what fools are made of. I say let them all kill each other. They do not need our help.
I agree . Alas, most people seem not to have understood the whole point of the article and are using this space for more venom and self-righteousness.I enjoyed 'Q' immensely.
This may seem heartless, but I see no reason why Italy is obligated to rescue economic migrants, much less provide them food, shelter or permanent residency. Ditto for Greece.
Harlequin 'believes'. If only Harlequin had the truth to back up said belief.
The problem is obvious to anyone with an open mind.
To paint all religion with that derogatory is patently false and is just more of the hatred and propaganda being discussed here. Pot. kettle. black.
You will only know living in a dream in which everyone 'owes' you something. You haven't read any of the treaties or else you would have known that the government over-fulfills its obligations many fold.
Who ran up this debt?
I wonder if Nigel Wright is getting out his cheque book....
And?? Are you saying the French are receiving their just rewards for their colonial past?
Not that I am an Obama fan, but what would you have him do Margaret? Lob a few bombs in Syria (with all of the risks that represents) to prove that he's a big man?
Please, just get it right so that we can all just relax a bit.
Intellectually dishonest.
For all the deniers out there, just read 'This Changes Everything'. You need to educate yourself. If you refuse to do so, then do one thing for me, please. Don't allow your ignorance to ruin this planet.
He doesn't comprehend that it's the same power that allows him to comment
Lamont - the Byzantine Rite allows priests to marry. The Roman Rite will not be far behind in this area.
Simplistic and inaccurate.
he is mostly killing sumbags
A BIG, high spending, debt building, government ambivalent to the public's needs. Continuing on the in the Mulroney tradition...
It's a stretch to put those two together in the same sentence.
True: Remember - He lead the World Wild Life Fun. Say no more
Sheep, no-one's posting links because no-one gives a crap about rally attendances, they mean NOTHING!
If you don't see the anger there, check out this U of T video. www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx7PIIA60XQU of T is a hostile environment for all men, even when they're trying to talk about equality in education. This is what happens.
...or beginning to see the light? I hope it is the latter.
American values?
All this free running around depended on having a parent in the house. The biggest change is two working parents. Which Means children are in summer camps until they are old enough to be left home alone.
This article will not be popular, but it's entirely accurate. Everyone deserves a full, robust defence - especially those who are obviously guilty of a crime. The entire system benefits from the checks and balances inherent in a truly fair trial.
He has to 'publish' .....
Agree with Dieter The money comes from Saudi Arabia & the Gulf States. You know, the same guys Baird just sat down with.
Mr Harper has recently received such a spanking I doubt he thinks he has much to smile about. And his "smile" was such a brief, fakey phenomenon anyway. Glad we don't have to see it anymore.
I guess you bought your share of videos to know.
Group think or orders from headquarters?
...Howler baby, what say you of that delicious busttoday in Montreal? I almost choked on my 'socialist latte' this morning... still laughing?
just shows how little you understand. A CEO is in charge of thousands sometimes millions of employees and there is one of them. A drone is one of many whose skill level is at the bottom of the heap. They are easily replaceable entry level employees
Beyond celebrity byline recognition, what business does Craigy have occupying space in the Globe, waxing amateurishly about attending a funeral spectacle.
One too many a knee to the forehead and you start seeing 'socialist drivel' dancing before your eyes.
The lesser of two evils. Much better than being governed by a fascist government bent on destrosying all of our civil rights and freedoms.
Dr Kelly Leitch: Not a bobblehead, but she plays one on television.
Trudeau is a PM if you are a hardcore Liberal that also voted for Stephane Dion...
You two clearly don't realize that Charolete is posting from beyond the grave. Driven there by?apparently?taxes.
Except Charles this is the first article in this newspaper since the execution that actually explained 'no this cleric was not in fact a terrorist'
IOW any benefits that exist go somewhere other than Vancouver.
Mr. Harper has estranged himself from the citizens of Canada and awaits the wrath of the voters.
Has anybody forgot the sponsorship scandal? Liberals are liars and thieves.
Something is wrong in a society when symptoms out of a psychiatric diagnostic manual are held up as qualities of leadership, authenticity and integrity.
Maybe the ideas of the average Canadian are not that fiscally brilliant. It seems to me that what they want, is everything that someone else has to pay for.
...and if neither reach the required minimum, Congress will chose a president. Might that be the ideal outcome?
Canoutchie, I guess if you're calling Hair Harper a pompous oaf, the Harper cabinet must be the bumbling idiots. Seems about right. Carry on.
maybe he's a liar? has that occurred to you? certainly hasn't occurred to his supporters.
I am on my second bottle as well Nanakanda. Cheers!!!
j_wilson, you are comparing apples and oranges, I'm comparing extremely similar apples. Oh yeah, I think that Justin will be taking a walk in Wallin's shoes.
And sell matches at the stakes to witches? No rules? No morals?
To some, having 1 writer to the right ofcenter is too many. Rabble. ca and the Starexist for people just like you. Most of us are able to handle some balance.
Some of us prefer not to have our lives run by the vote of a committee.
How did the defence get access to e-mail conversations among witnesses without the witnesses or the Crown knowing?
good thing there will be no athletes fromUganda, Iran, Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, Gaza, Nigeriaetcat the Sochi games to support Russia's anti gay lawsit will be the West against Russia
Strange article.
what strategy ?
She cannot be serious!
You may have to explain that to them, A M. Good, objective, well-researched analysis.
Doctors make mistakes all the time and people die. Doctors are not gods, they make mistakes and patients die. But they won't tell you about it.
Speaking of commie hero, Tomi$h is riding a trojan horse full of separatists under the saddle.
Harper DIDN'T answer the question. Ask him for a one word answer and watch him tell a lie.
Wow, telling it like it is, change is in the air. Well said.
Pierre Trudeau and the Charter? Luckily for him, there was no sign of his Charter in October, 1970, when he declared martial law, put thousands of troops into the streets and arrested hundreds because of their political beliefs.
She's as big a fool as the folks who voted her in
'Thousands' of sponsors? Is there a source of data to back that claim up? I don't doubt that the number in reality is high, but bold claims like this that are the pillars of your arguments should be backed up with something readers can verify.
Justin admires how China can turn its economy around on a dime. 30 million people is just the price of progress. What will be the price for Leap's progress?
While you pursue Baron Munchausen's adventure stories about the means to quell climate change, as related to you by the Fraser Institute and the Canadian Chamber of Commerce. You are easily taken in. Or do you give a tinker's damn ?
Meathead continues in the ignorant manner that is part of his charm, using Grade 6 expletives. I hope he has now learned the difference between advice and advise.
As far as I can see, the Conservatives lack the stomach to tackle any real problem beyond retaining power.
So have the Republicans, with McConnell swearing that they'll refuse to consider anybody that Obama puts forward.
One question: Assisted suicide seems a good idea but how can we be 100% sure that no one will ever use the right to die option to influence the patient's decision?
Who do you think there would be class of citizens whose citizenship cannot be taken away? You are dreaming if you think this is not going to come back to bite you in the as.
His job #1 was to keep the conservative vote split so the libs would maintain their majority
i am interested in what the solutions could be to those three problems. i hear folks on the GST cuts ok ... we get the money back hellp me out how does that help out my manufacturing business?
is NATO that created ISIS part of CHINA, Iran, Russia and Japan?
We as a nation are only as strong as our weakest link !
Oh the fulminating Cons, you gotta love them and may they stay just where they belong.
Do you think the sort of people who are not part of Ford or Trump or Brexit nation (us) will learn that if we exclude enough people from the economic and educational mainstream, it will come back to hurt us?
Miller?!!! Hey I finally agree with you!! On baseball we remain on opposite benches but freedom is much more important. Go Jays! LOL
Who wants to bet that the University of Ottawa will be the first to follow California? Exactly the kind of low level Liberal Progressivism that Alan Rock has built a career out of.
May be but I like the Khrushchev quote...'History is on our side ...We will bury you!'
...wonder if bananas are now growing on the Hill in our very own republic....and so close to the polar vortex, eh!?
Well said. It may be a tough sell, but its totally the right thing. Unlike Wynne here in Ontario, Couillard actually understands the difficult fiscal situation Quebec is in and is taking action to rectify it.
it is not journalism.. it is opinion lacking anything remotely intellectual... but entertaining as hell
The cost of labour and standard of living will only get cheaper and lower if we decide to continue to play by the current set of rules. There are other options.
I'll still put my money on the NDP. A $100 bet should give me a return of $1,428.
Sovereignty would require separation.
The guy is a CONSERVATIVE troll. Clearly the post is sarcastic.
That's a great way to put a cap on your kid's success. Dumb them down with disdain for others before you send them out into the world. Make sure they understand that a woman is a doormat and the world is flat while you're at it.
'...the gay community tries to hijack every opportunity to promote their deranged lifestyle.'-expatdudeYou'd prefer they promoted Ford's deranged lifestyle instead?
If you can't afford the move don't apply for the effin job!
That's exactly the mindset.
Sober, the GST was created by the Mulroney gov't. It replaced a manufacturer's sales tax if my memory is correct.
No comparison of circumstances ...
'?brainwashed, politically-correct-obsessed, and wretched, masses'Just trying to imagine what your ideal world would be like. Ugh. How many centuries would you like to regress, rog?
Everyone we are going to miss out on gems like 'Da Kink in my hair' and 'Train 48' Please CRTC save shows like this so that you can retain your relevance in Canada.
@Mike They haven't changed any policy yet. Flaherty is floating a trial balloon because they need the $2 billion dollars to balance the budget...
Slavery? was that that thing all over the world? As performed by such notables as the mongols, romans, assyrians, babylonians, chinese, ARABS, native canadians, incas, aztecs, did i mention the small role the arabs and the list goes on...spanish....
Time for the premiere to roll back the extra year extension the previous premiere extended. Three years is even too much!
I dated one of those zeke. dropped her and all her talk about equality - except when it was time to reach for the wallet
Because the Liberals do have at least a couple of solid candidates running, electing Trudeau instead would simply confirm a level of shallowness. I do not think the country is quite so shallow.
Omar Khadr was born here. Next.
And you lost. Badly. ?
$350,000 more for Oil Sands corporate welfare.
Argument ad populum
A NAFTA challenge is long over due.
You can't spell Liberal without the letters L,I,E
Not only did voters got the change they yearned for, but in the process they gave a back handed smack across the face of G&M, the 'national' news paper of Canada!
the same tired, old discredited argument... trotted out again and again. Don't cherry pick the sstarting date for your so-called "pause". And have a look in the ocean where most heat is stored....
you think Canada should try and take a seat in the most evil organization every created?
Ah, the situation does not fit the doctrine. Therefore you must be an outlier.
As long as i can remember, the Globe and Mail has supported the idea of a Conservative Party indistinguishable from the Liberal Party. Nobody elected the Globe and mail.
Do tell us how far far it should be widened.
I doubt that there are any that are not medically necessary.
If that's true, there's a huge problem.
No Duke! The Liberal are on the ground training the Kurds fighting against ISIS. That where they are needed most. Did you have your coffee yet? lol
'Far outnumbered by the misogynists.'---------------------------So if your not a feminist, you're a misogynist?
The Libs and NDP have never had more bad blood between them, and Butts and his dopey crew still think they are doing a great job, so they aren't going to reach out. Maybe more of a chance of a coalition between Green and Orange.
214 So you too think the Earth is 6000 years old? Inbreeding has its downsides, I suppose.
That should be commenters, not comments. How long have you been here? Judging by your bad grammar and broken English, not very long, but that's okay, with hard work you'll improve.
Good point. I suspect the G&M 'sympathizes' with them only so far as they reliably vote Republican.
Most recruits slated for the infantry don't pass.
There's certainly one less than Wente seems to think.
Would you feel safe with the mullahs of Iran having just one nuclear weapon and the ICBMs necessary to carry them to North America? You think they wouldn't use it? They are suicidal in their quest for Islamic domination.
uhhh why is this a topic in the G&M???
One way or another the two board system is going to change. Either a single secular system (my preference) or someone is going to bring a constitutional challenge, that might succeed, demanding a John Tory style free for all.
You have to admire Margaret for her willingness to take on sacred cows, whether you agree with her or not.
Another First world problem.
Tell me about it. Ontario is a financial basket case.
No ... don't ... have more fries with that. Support Tim Horton's .... go for seconds and thirds .... then go lie down .... repeat all day every day until your heart stops. Thank you .. thank you very much.
I already know who you voted for.
Hey, I was just talking about you. The lowest common denominator, illiterate left-wing voter.
Actually, Toronto is a racist hellhole. It's home to one of the largest Neo-Nazi populations in the world. It's equivalent to the southern U.S.-- but worse.
Public service pay and benefits in line with private sector pay workers will balance the budget. Liberal Party of Ontario is all for public sector employees, ordinary people don't count.
It is not an overstatement to say that the Liberal government has done lasting, maybe even permanent, damage to Ontario. I sure hope Mr Simpson is wrong about what the feds would do. Early indicators are not good.
And articles like this is why I never bother reading Globe anymore...
agreed Ontario is going down the tubes with the liberals and no one cares.
Ironic, eh?They betray what they could be to become what they need to be to get what they used to want.
He might if the Liberals win. It's a real long shot, I know.
So you were there, were you? You clowns always make me laugh. Armchair cops. You haven't got a clue.....not a clue.
True. We told them to get lost and now they are telling us to get lost. We used to be more diplomatic in solving problems in High School.
Is this a contest? Who will be the most ignorant and derogatory? I bet none of these luminaries can actually speak another language and yet, they are being so condescending.
Most important line ... 'the enforcement of drug laws is unfairly targeted toward low-income, racialized communities while privileged offenders too often escape justice'One former mayor comes to mind ...
So bitter!
Nope, he/she obviously doesn't understand what the SC ruling was about, nor that it is just delayed, not up for question.
Wow Joe Dick. You are just not very smart. You do realize your entire posting history is available for all to see. Typical Harper Conservative - doesn't understand that lies will be uncovered.
Ms Redford had the uncanny ability to p*ss off people left, right and centre. That's actually not as easy to do as it sounds.
Exactly - let's get some perspective by getting the total overall foreign ownership figures for our cities.
With any chance at communication stalled because of the 250 dialects and no railways. :) Ah well, no chance at humour here.
From a guy who can't spell "you're". Lol
Unlike spelling lessons, apparently.
After the Federal Brain Trust cancel the nickel, dime and quarter, it won't make any difference that stamps cost a dollar (two dollars after HST).
I just questioned your earlier statement about Harper knowing what is right, but here you are acknowledging his heartlessness, so we're good.
Please, not eight years. We'd have to forclose.
Goodbye we won't miss you.
Harper didn't look very 'statesman like' when he implied that one hundred thousand unscreened refugees would pour into the country. That constant fear mongering is starting to wear thin.
Obamacare was invented by the Republicans, first in response to Hilary Clinton's health care reform proposals in the 1990s, and then in Massachusetts as Romneycare.
This is not going to end well for Rob Ford if the enablers don't stop enabling. The allegations along with Ford's behaviour over the years paint a picture of someone with problems.
So what? That's always been the goal. How else to push consumers to switch to cleaner energy sources except to charge the dirty ones for cleaning up their dirt?
Are any of those "hell holes" on the permanent agenda of the UN Human Rights Council? If not, do you agree the UN is biased against Israel (as are you?)
Tried that, they supported the NVC and screwed all of our veterans. Now they have a President at Dominion Command who has never served a day in the service. The RC Legion is more concerned with beer sales and slot machines than veterans.
55% of Albertans voted against her
Excellent article Margaret! Spot on. Somebody has to say it...
Obviously the editorial has to watch how far it goes in putting it's finger on the true pulse of the issue if they are going to stay gainfully employed. Beyond that, that's where the comment option takes over...
You never know... one day Vic might find himself sitting around, longing for a slice of pepperoni pizza and regretting his mean-spiritedness.
The severance of Serbia and the creation of a gangster run Kosovo was Clinton's doing.
The same problem exists in all branches of government and social services because people keep voting for socialist solutions. It will only end when the money runs out, and not before.
it is just a piece of paper
Yawn... Parrot #144 dutifully repeating his Party line....
Not a nut job. Trump is the best thing to happen in America in decades. Drain the swamp.
Wrong human rights committee. This is the committee on economic, social and cultural rights. No Saudia Arabia. Do your research before commenting
Strangely that difference in life expectancy is not seen as a healthcare crisis.
2 cents gets rounded to 0 these days...
'omnibus bills that contain everything but the kitchen sink'I'm pretty sure there's a kitchen sink in at least one of them.
Trevor, Norway tax rates are middle pack. /en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Income_Taxes_By_Country.svg
Harper has had a majority government for some time now. It's disingenuous to blame minority governments and the opposition for Harper's lack of action.
These muslim immigrants are takers not makers. All they do is further tax the system.
Unachievable with this President... Harper solved softwood lumber... a huge issue... but Obama would rather bow to his enemies than shake the hands of his country's friends...
Small words. Short sentences. Celebrating ignorance. Living in a dreamworld. Welcome to Ford Nation.
Nobody does all in.
In the end of all it comes to curbing the population growth, or better the growth of unhealthy and idiotic behavior a population wreaks onto our little planet.
Trudeau hadn't impressed me much, till now. He lost his chance with me!
It just isn't politically correct... one musn't question religious beliefs...
extrooper, newspapers have always employed both reporters and writers of opinion.
<sigh> a simple, respectful solution: Guarantee access to on-demand euthanasia services by funding transportation to dedicated funded clinics staffed by willing practitioners, or by providing funded mobile in-home services. Everybody's happy.
The deadliest faith throughout history has been the Christian eradicating the 'unbeliever'. Today the mainstreamconservative christians are the ones most ready to go to war.
Liar. Now for the real story: blogs.canoe.ca/davidakin/politics/conservatives-take-trudeau-out-of-context-in-ad-surprisedLittle you say can be taken as truthful.
But FN taxes do not exceed the benefits they receive.
Notice how Hillary and Trudeau are the first to criticize the patriarchy? Yet it was Bill and Pierre who got them there.
It's long been said that in America anyone can grow up to be President. Trump not only proves the truth of it, he demonstrates that you don't even have to grow up.
How about because he is probably innocent?
Know what the really frightening thing is about the Liberal Climate Change Action Plan is??? A lot of people will buy into it, and this completely insane bunch of Liberals will win yet another election.
Racist slime. Really?
Do you believe everything that you read by people like Yakabuski?!
Yes, they jumped the shark there. Harper's strong point was being clam and rational, and that undermined it.He should leave the drama Queen histrionics to Trudeau. 'THAT'S DIS-GUS-TING!!!!'B
'Children die in the custody of their parents as well.'...And we have coroners inquests about these cases too -- not just about some of the deaths that happened in unlicensed day care.
M's takeaway is to read The New York Times or get the simplified rehash in the Globe.
to take summer, march break, Christmas break, PD days (1 each month) and stat holidays. Oh, and they don't work past 3pm.
Following your line of reasoning - the government should own every commercial entity so as to maximize their 'revenue'.
Trump isn't perfect but lying Hillary is most definetly corrupt! But nope we don't read a word about that, no no no! One needs to read more progressive publications like the Washington Post for informed balanced coverage!!!
Not happy with the churches ongoing ownership claims on marriage (Alabama yesterday), the circumstances of how I manage my death ( news today ) and the never ending claims over morality. She now wants to stake a claim on conscience, the hubris.
I especially love the Tories insisting their constituents get special EI treatment after nine years of punishing every other unemployed worker.
Voting for clowns with no understanding of their society is against our best interests too - likely more than what you call the 'media-political game'.
Please read it all, he/she can refuse but must give a referral to someone who will .. i.e. ' I'll hold the gun but you pull the trigger'. Complicit in every way!
are you saying 80% of Canadians are racists and bigots???
Bush broke it and we have all had to buy it.
He's a lunatic, and dumber than a box of mice in the bargain.
It reminds me of when Bibi clamed that rockets from Gaza were a threat to Ben Gurion airport, only to change his story when airlines actually took him at his word, and stopped flying there, LOL!
Is corporate welfare a new thing in economics?? The Communist system not bad after all?? Now I perhaps understand why there are so many wealthy Chinese Communists.
oh really maybe we don't think the elites actually know better
Certainly, Mr Martin, you are not excusing what the senators did with public money even though the rules allowed it, are you?
The only person I see raging here is actually you. And please don't inflict everyone with the same message posted repeatedly. Reading your rant once is more than enough.
Kirk, kinder und kitchen.
Gotcha politics was perfected to an art by the libs. the classic was when they changed the MP pension plan, and you had to opt in. Every reformer who did that was a Gotcha! That plan must have been crafted by Kinsella himself. Classic.
If the corrupt establishment and the lying media hate a candidate I support him. The media always advocates bad things for middle class people. They are vile liars and deserve a good punch from Trump.
What the hell is a would be terrorist. If I make comment on line that I can understand why a terrorist might commit some act, is that enough to get me arrested? I would hope not. If that's all it takes, we are in trouble.
This article made me laugh out loud. Good job!
Francophones are like everbody else these days: iphones, at heart.
I completely disagree with your disparaging remark.
It is like Simpson does not know! AB gov is basically bribing its population to keep quiet about the wholesale destruction of the oil sands on the environment and people's health by keeping taxes low incl. low gas prices.
Wow, Steve.. and YOU get wood at thumbs down... say no more...
Thats pretty lame.
The price of Corona. Yeah, that's the yardstick I'd use to gauge the effectiveness of my government too.
We've built the greatest country in the world with the system he have. Don't try to take it away from us without a Referendum.
Remember, socialism starts with public money being used for education. Nobody is entitled to an education.
They had then with the EUSo now they have at least eliminated once source.
'got re-elected doing it'Had Leopoldo Galtieri not invaded the Falklands, thatcher would have been a single-term prime minister.
Media thought bubbles? Is Saunders calling out the Globe?
Look at the train wreck that Is unfolding under the Harper Conservatives in Canada.
If you can find it, 'Special Report', made for TV movie, first broadcast March 1983, covers this very topic. David Clennon, David Rasche, Rosalind Cash.
As a massively partisan Liberal, i can say that this was a consequential PM and is a class act
All those big words!
For a ray of light in that 'Black day', read Doug Saunders' excellent European Migrant Crisis: eight reasons it's not what you think.
Yes, I'm sure that Marx thoroughly foresaw and analysed this problem when he said 'I would not belong to any club that would have me as a member.'
Tourism Jihad is an act of treason and those who engage in it, or try to engage in it should lose their citizenship. If that is too difficult, then simply jail them for life.
I kind of admire Quebec for taking this issue on. It has been debated in other parts of the world. I know I find it rather unnerving when someone is covered and all you see are two eyes looking at you! It is quite a dilemma!
I love how 'liberals' have painted themselves into a corner. psTrotskyists hate 'liberals'.
Are you are suggesting Clinton supporters have anything better to watch? They may claim moral and intellectual superiority but that only fuels the sentiments driving the Trump campaign.
Yes, but the choice of a good finance minister is the job of the PM. As the choice of Paul Martin made Jean Cretien look good.
Most of them died of starvation. Where's your point of logic, or are we doing anecdotes now?
Tammy, I still don't get the hysteria. The government can probably buy the system, or get it for free based on paying a small %age of the tolls back to the licensing company. As long as government sets the tolls, that's good business practice. C.
You don't like Trudeau or the Liberal Party. I know that. I am not real fond of them, either. But ou never post anything of substance, just your petty dislike, over and over again.
There will be plenty of those headlines. Just as there were with the 2003 invasion of Iraq and throughout most of the Afghanistan "mission".
I have said many times, Harper and Putin are out of the same egg. They like their power, they hate their constitution, they love to be a powerful warlord.
Read my post in these comments section....explains scenarios where the drug is manufactured correctly ...as in the correct dose is supplied, but might be administered (also in a deemed to be correct fashion) and underdose the patient.
Memo to the Tory war room: there is really no need to run ads attacking Little Trudeau. He will disappear up his own behind soon enough.
@jo: I hate the thuggery ..etc. too. I also hate how they have been able to escape justice and live off their evil wrongdoings.
Your hyperbole is so over the top that it is pathetically funny. The sky is falling, the sky is falling and it is all Harper's fault.
How fun is it to be a dumb reactionary all the time?
The currency might change, but there's no way for Canada to prevent a putative new country from using our currency. They would not, of course, have any influence on Canadian monetary policy, which would remain the purview of the Bank of Canada.
Climate change is real but it is not because of CO2!!! These politicians need to get their science right! Carbon Tax is just another tax grab on a MASSIVE SCALE! WATCH THIS VIDEO IF YOU DISAGREE!! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BC1l4geSTP8
Margaret's philosophy - wealthy North American good no matter what.
Your obsession with control of oil reserves is laughable. That is no longer an issue!
From what I am hearing if he US and IRS consider you are trying to renounce your citizenship because of US taxes they can and have refused to allow you to renounce and there is not a thing you can do about it.
Geo Bush and Shock n Awe proved that bombing doesn/t work......
It would be erroneous, but sure fill yer boots.
Exactly - Ontario's political establishment is a general embarrassment !
If that's all it took for you to choose Canada, I question you sense of values. Good things are worth waiting for. What was your rush ??
Given that only idiots and partisans repeat rumours, one could surmise that those given to speculate on such matters are lower than the worst one could think of Mike Duffy.
You know, Granpa, I was about to report that post as abusive, but probably much better that readers understand exactly who these Cons are.
When Fowler was kidnapped, he was not a Canadian diplomat, but a UN consultant.
Meanwhile you tow a $30 lunch pail and attend every Union meeting so people like the Donald won't tell you 'you're fired'
Of course he should be able to vote. How can there be classes of Citizenship? Citizenship is an absolute. You either are a citizen, or you are not.
Your post does not make any substantial arguments
Apparently neither of you have.
Actually Abe Lincoln was the nominee of the Republican party in the election of 1860.
Good thing is that it won't matter who you cheer for.
Effrontery and offence are the new entitlements..
Really? How sad for you.
@IdeologyIsForLosers2 Bill Davies was light years removed from Harper, Manning and all the other reformers, even from Harris, whom he publicly took to task over the latter's war against teachers.
And extending your argument the whole democratic election process is a farce. Actually I agree our western form of democracy is a farce but that's a different matter and for a different reason, namely the tyranny of the many on the few.
cause the university system is so great right now right?
Please tell my veggie plants that I have to fertilize by hand, because there are no bees here any more, yet just a few years ago it was rare to have a veggie flower that did not bear fruit. Beehives are fine, but what is needed is bees!!
No, those seniors won't pay the piper. They will all be grandfathered in. It will be the next generation to turn 65 who will pay the price in 10 or 20 years.....mine, as usual.
I think this editorial is the first in the G & M's arsenal, the end result of which will be to endorse Harper for the next election.
You are right that Trump should take responsibility for his ugly racism and bigotry, but Trump isn't left-wing. He is a fascist--about as right-wing as you can get.
Private sector wouldn't hire Jimbo so now he works for the government
Excellent fact-based post, something often missing on both sides.
Wente is right - Monsef is in way over her head. She can't answer questions from journalists without reciting her talking points, which suggests she has no original thoughts in her head.
Mr. Alabaster... if it was possible to create a million jobs out of thin air, then Prime Minister Stephen Harper would have done it four years ago. Mr. Hudak is talking pie-in-the-sky.
the big banks and insurers do not use tax payer dollars
1) Obama won't be running next election. 2) The US economy is booming, employment surging, the stock market at record heights. 3) You have no clue.
How often did that sort of electoral reform come up during the election? Virtually never. That election was decided by public hatred of the PM - not by those seeking parliamentary reform.
Trump voted for her and invited her to his wedding........ sucker
Princess SuicideChristy Clark
Calgary's economy sure could use a boost after the decade long, shameful reign of King Harpo I.Both monuments should be erected here, methinks.
ok - they seem to campaign that way. But they govern another way? Or they just flip and flop around?
MW doesn't say that he was guilty. You're jumping to an erroneous conclusion about the article.
Two l's please.
Bryson has 'just sayin' faith in the latest Chinese Five Year Plan.
That's what the Cons are saying... so don't believe it.
well somebody must pays attention to him for nominating him for this prize.
Mackay is as spineless as jello, and has fewer principles. He sold his soul, and the PC party, for a lifetime in cabinet. Why do you presume he cares?
With the price of homes rising, I guess 'had' is the operative word here, huh?
embedded in our DNA? Legitimate proof, please and thank you.
You keep talking about our 'allies' yet hardly any of our allies are involved in the bombingsIt's not a NATO mission. It's not a UN mission. Most of the major countries are not involved - e.g., Germany, Italy, etc.
Is God voting?
What if we don't accept that he is male?
How could the 'business media' survive without such deviation from objectivity, Ls ? It was always thus - except for a brief period in Teddy Roosevelt's trust-busting day (in some U.S. journals). See The Bully Pulpit.
Ms Wente has been my harbinger of social mores for twenty years in this space and I shall sorely miss her courage and her ability to present a concept and explain it to me, the great unwashed. Thank you, Margaret Wente.
You defend Stalin, Pol Pot, Mao and others throughout history who are responsible for the deaths of millions.....that bugs you that we would build a monument about the lives lost. Strange.
Tabby has to be working on her high school diploma by now if she expects to be invited to be a Journalistic Fellow at Ryerson.
moon howlerWhen you're stupid enough not to fight back, you deserve to lose........................
The last sentence of the first paragraph explains the British exit. I would leave to.
No worry, immigrants are lining up for miles to get into Qu?bec...
common sense tells me that our 18th century political system does not work in the 21st century.
If you actually listened, the Liberals are not moving in the direction of PR.They are going to look into many different options.
Seth, there's help for people like you with mental challenges. Somehow, you can't grasp the concept of people's freedom to vote as they wish
The No-er the Name, the more the salt. One can languishing in my parents' basement (now that they are gone) contains 2300 mg of sodium in a standard 250ml/1 cup serving.
Read Graeme Smith's book. About as close to the real Afghanistan as you and your brigadier--general are going to get, I suspect.
SOME Canadian politicians.
'Government's sudden need to debate terror bill smacks of opportunism ...'Globe editorial board - your grasp of the obvious is amazing.
This a regurgitation of the Clinton Campaign's talking points masquerading as a news article. Would be nice if the Globe & Mail could actually get some balanced and insightful articles on the topic. Not surprising though.
Racist how?
I disapprove of the regulation of alcohol, too.
It would seem that comments about Bible Bill and a comparison of Saskatchewan and Alberta are not 'on' with this mod.
The only shill I see here is you. I think you've left about half of the comments in this article.
That's because the newspaper isn't a newspaper, it's a branch of the government serving to create and reinforce policy.
With liberals like Hillary, who needs Republicans?
Nonsense. The Republicans couldn't care less that Obama is black. What they care about is that he is a Democrat.
Yes, it's a shame that you're so uneducated about how equalization actually works...
Playing victim. Blaming others. In the light of alleged conservative ideology, hypocrisy trumps irony.
Yes! excellent level headed interpretation of the IS agenda.
Ontario and Quebec are very similar. They both like governments who love to waste taxpayers $.
And I'm tired of listening to knee jerk whining. Which is why I'm now adding people who I find contribute nothing to the conversation to my ignore list.
Sounds like Mogadishu is more suitable plae for these 'freedom loving' yocals.
Dear Mr. MartinThe 'Kid' is a 41 year old man. He looks visually younger because he takes care of himself and has a youthful attitude. People referencing him as such must be elderly...
You obviously don't read any of the comments from the con hack loser drones on here.
That speaks to the accountability issue. What are the bands doing with their money? Are they investing in sustainable projects.
I am somewhat surprised Ms Wente is so sure that Mr Trudeau if finished. She would do well to listen for a while before making up her mind
Someone here is keeping track of the number of times a comment is re-posted. Just a friendly heads up;-)
For me, this reads like a return to the days of James II, when the Royal Prerogative could be used to override Acts of Parliament on the discretion of the Crown....Historically, we had the Glorious Revolution to get rid of that....
They don't need no 'stinkin'' facts and statistics.
Why did I know that you would end your treatise with a call for logic uber alles. ?
'A 98 pound weakling' - written by a writer who doesn't know how to use spell-check:'...get the United States out of all og George W. Bush?s messes.', among various other typos and errors in the piece.
"can be" utterly destroyed. You kind of overlooked a key part of the sentence.
Well do it then and stop whining!
Agreed. Doug Ford is a disgusting individual.
NDP should merge with the Liberals. They can exercise more influence on decision making and help Canada from another Conservative disaster.
Surprised your reasonable and intelligent comment made it past the Globe censors.
REPLY TO MICHELE so you think you know JT...is this knowledge based on what he has said, his well articulated platform, or his popularity with a fawning. unprofessional media ?
Not re this column but in general Konrad, are you, like they say, Peggy Wente in training [even if you not that much younger]? She got same photo as 20 years ago in Globe, but soon she go & you her replcment?
And you scotty mackinnon, accuse trump of airing an anti semetic tv ad....the usual left wing hate mongering and false accusations.
So? Nationality and religion, the time then and now, Unprecedented? Yes, but says who it is unconstitutional, you?
Peter, you may be riffing on about free will (and ranting on about the TDSB), but you don't know the basic differences between a survey and a census. Nor, it seems, do you know what the long-form census collected by way of data.
Good article Ms. Wente, the families of gambling addicts will thank you if the casino does not open.
Rank paranoia and fear-mongering. You reak of anti-religious bigotry.
I'm agreeing with you ...
OK, so even if you don't like how we got here, here we are. Tell me what's the play then.
Only if done poorly and without care for each other. Which many of the people on here seem to prefer to happen so that their ears don't burn.
Wow! Maybe we should put you in charge!
Canadians have a duty to be 'tough on the Conservatives', when fall the vote comes!
FPTP or PR or ranked ballot and now Single Transferable Vote, do we have to take classes before we go to vote ?
Gee, what a surprise from the paper that endorsed Stephen Harper. Now I know I'm doing the right thing voting for Olivia.
David ...... I really don't think you are the sharpest knife in the drawer. The article was priceless!
There's no business like show business. There's no terrorism like economic terrorism. There's no politics like Canadians beating up one another a la Three Stooges for a more cushy job.
Continuing to draw their handsome salaries obliged the editors to mount this steaming pile of cognitive dissonance. Harper serves the very wealthy, and the very wealthy have a lock on media ownership.
Crap loads of money. Cuba doesn't have massive oil wealth to buy loyalty. If things don't improve for the average Cuban things could get ugly.
And in the end, after the best replacement for the FPTP is decided, a referendum must be held to guage the will of the people as whether they want to change to that system.
You forget harper and Flaherty went to New York at a G8 meeting and were shamed into announcing stimulative spending during the financial crises
Thank you Dude - funny and made my morning!
'Little knowledge is a dangerous thing', just like computer models.
Censorship.
The proof is in what you fill out on your immigration papers, and if the information adheres to the requirements of the law in being truthful. Otherwise it is perjury.
I don't believe that that genie will go back in the bottle as easily as you think. And if you've got a jailbroken phone, God help you, because the controls that you talk about no longer work.
eXactly, so the most important fact is, his running mate. I think Mike Pence would be a fine POTUS.
Get a life, jbroen1!
Steve and Rob certainly know how to appeal to the parsimonious citizenry - just appealing to different social strata .
There has to be a 'Military Coup for Dummies' book somewhere. These guys obviously didn't read it. The first chapter must contain something about restraining the leader you are overthrowing?
There are far more flights / passengers out of the country than inside it.
When did ad hominem attacks start getting confused with journalism?
Really, that's your peeve? lol
Where did I lose you?
X writes:[Yeah, you also 'fight' for more entitlements -education, healthcare, social benefits etc.]LMAO! Your point being?
nonsense. she gave her opinion he's giving his. You just don't like what he has to say.
Look up "logical fallacy".
To Rob in Calgaryyour options miss one important oneMore babies in wombs THAT ARE NOT ABORTED100, 000 abortions year - if not a moral issue is certainly a demographic issuethat will be our KARMA for western civilization
That will exclude fundamentalists, particularly Muslim ones.
Crawl back under your rock Archie!
Gerard Comeau, the retiree from Nova Scotia will probably do more for inter-provincial free trade than all of the premiers. Hopefully the Supreme Court will hear his case about bringing a few cases of beer back home to Nova Scotia.
.. A number of powerful truths reside in this Post.... Well Said.. !!// ..
The right-wing loves leaders who act without thinking and then try to create thier own 'truth'.'We don't need no stinkin' facts!'
Margaret's preferred option is to deny it and/or ridicule ithttp://www.theglobeandmail.com/globe-debate/whatever-happened-to-global-warming/article7725145/#dashboard/follows/
'When fascism comes to America, it will be wrapped in the flag and carrying a cross.'~ Sinclair Lewis
Yet again, the G & M uses another female writer to promote legalization of prostitution to maintain male sexual privilege and entitlement.
The Russian trolls are out in force today!
Doug Saunders already tried the xenophobia route and it backfired tremendously. Just FYI.
Ah yes ! I remember - it was grotesquely and hilariously simplistic !!
We should cut a great big cheque to each native person that will take and wind up the program of reserves as fast as possible. I can think of no possibility where the current system works well in 100 years. Societies evolve. Get on with it
Good piece, but why must it be a physician?
She's talking about society in general not specific individuals. There will always be harassment the question is how prevelant and how seriously is it taken compared to the past.
Like the past of the Vietnamese could not be verified? Riots happen when you treat people like animals.
Looking forward to your corrections George. Please also copy The Ecomonist magazine as I suspect they would also be interested as this is where the numbers came from.
In the 184 ridings the Liberals won it was a landslide . The margins of victory were huge .The overall percentage is mitigated by the pockets of dyed-in-the-wood conservatism like Alberta and rural Ontario.
Chomsky's article is worth reading.
Which goes a long way to explaining why he's a Con.
Highly debatable that they have no sense of humour... They certainly have been a great source of it for the last 10+ years.
Uh huh - Liberals NOT spending ......try that one again.....
If there is anything the Press is very familiar with its the gutter.
Barnsy: If you work really hard, I'm sure that you could become even more incoherent than you are now.
Having lived in the Bob Rae period and remember quite well Mr. Rae's mis-steps, yes on balance McGuinty has been far worse.
. Mulcair's a wimp..
thousands of irrational posts, all variations on a theme, and you need to have my post deleted.
bc specializes in giving resources away for cheap.
Agreed. It's actually a wonderful idea - but then so is Communism. Too bad it couldn't be implemented.
You shiny idol image tarnished, blame it on Harper? Harper's gone, baby, you own the podium now.
Looks like Harper is ready to join Team Assad and Team Iran. Will this conflict with our current membership on Team Iraqi Shiite Militia and Team Aspiring Kurdistan? The Harper chick--hawks are in way over their heads.
Well said, rowboat. That's what I was thinking ... but you articulated it better. Thanks.
Don't let us forget the audit and who did what: http://www.cbc.ca/newsblogs/politics/inside-politics-blog/2013/11/pmo-staff-tried-to-use-party-ties-to-deloitte-to-derail-duffy-audit.html
I've already suggested a logo for the Sweep It Under: A picture of a policeman holding a smoking Glock surrounded by the motto 'We have your back'.
Yes 'it was never voted for by the people'. 300 years ago there was no such thing as one person one vote in the UK.I know quite a bit of scotland and the england having lived there for over 15 years.
Assimilation. Now.
That's not what I was doing....and I addressed that in my post.
Even as they wantonly kill people hire in North America too, we are supposed to believe it all is just a misunderstanding on our part.
Correction: Canada has 10 provincial education systems, not 12. Duh!
The problem with you is that you have mistaken Harper for a "Conservative".
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tE4qbMVReTMExcellent animated video that sums up with humour Justin's role at the fundraisers
WRONG, the NDP wanted to pull out also, that takes it down to lower then 40% for conservatives.
He might be lucky to get away with only losing his job.
Because they know the abysmal mess they were put in by the previous Republican President.
Canada and the States stand out as they are federations, not many others come to mind?
Planes, trains, automobiles and busses leaving daily for Alberta, leave the welfare slugs and the tax terrorist government of OntariOWE and go where workers are respected and not taxed to pay for other lazy people.
or girl for that matter
I would say the people massively increasing oil production are the thoughtless idiots only concerned with their pocketbooks.
I believe media outlets should follow the CBC example, non biased journalism that never leans in favour of any political party even when they offer further funding!
Canada's Separate school boards would get along fine in Russia.
Given nobody from either North or South America attended this march, why?
It is okay if it is a Liberal vote buying scheme like your reference or in Ontario the cancellation of 2 gas plants. It is only bad when Cons buy votes. The Liberal hypcrisy and double standard is so ironic.
Maybe you should read the article before commenting.
Great commercial
i don't think anybody was assaulted.... that's the whole point of why this makes no sense... everybody ran off of the streetcar to safety.
You are correct I seem to have left an r out in the field. However, it is the little thingy that the Globe appears to be stuck on.
I must say I disagree
Without political will Canada will not have any access to Chinese consumers, the fastest rising middle class. Business can buy from China and sell here but we cant sell to them without deals.
You are welcome, George Victor!
He's making it impossible to do satire.
Methinks thou dost parse too much.
It was abuse. I was also taught by sadistic nuns. Definitely abuse.
That; s not what the jury found dieter. But I guess you know better than they do ...right?
So much for what we think we know. Time to chuck it.
The Cons don't get advice. Harper decides. He owns this.
The editorial speculated (your word) and so did you. Of course, both right-wing, like the bulk of the commenters to this article.
Looks like Tony is positioning himself for a run for the leadership. He has been pretty quiet for the last while keeping his head low. Now he starts off with a piece that tries to makes him seem to be prescient but really says nothing
This article is insultingly racist and overly partisan. We have the report button to censure comments within the community ... where is it to censure articles like this?
a question I keep asking myself is this - have the Liberals ,in the past decade, ever done anything that is morally or ethically right
sadly martin is writing what most experts and academics should be doinginstead we get burney and hampsonand the rest are audited if they criticise the government
Wrong Chisspence, time to inform yourself. Charlie Hebdo took shots at evey sacred religion and institution, as it well should. Now go have a cuddle with Amanda Todd.
if you aren't for legalization you are for the criminals producing, distributing and selling this product. i'm surprised to see Margaret Wente supporting criminal enterprise as a business model.
Lawrence - in the category of worst modern days presidents, you forgot to mention Dubya who embroiled the US in the disastrous, pointless & extremely costly war in Iraq.
You mean disrespect as someone writing an article about 'Those deranged Brexiters' in this right wing reform rag!
Actually the price of resources is falling which any economist will tell you that means abundance
Where the hell did you get the grounds for that rant from the editorial above? From one word, 'people'? Chill.
How is that 'vote for real change' thing working out for you folks.
I agree. I feel very comfortable with him in defense given his front-line experience in Afghanistan. Not much I like about the rest of Trudeau's cabinet.
Nicely put!
He could morph into a TV talking head on Fox or YouTube to keep fanning the flames with his vitriol, but would be 74 years old next time, could he try again in 2020?
There is not one line in your post that does not contain an error in grammar or usage. Once you have passed grade 6, you should try again.
Not by themselves..... the person has to pull the trigger.
I love Wright quoting bible verses. How hypocritical, and typical of biblethumpers.
Once again, Monkey, you're talking about the past.
I'd like the no: babies, tall people, arm-rest hoggers, perfume wearers, drunks, backpack stowers and chatters section, please
O.K., we have a nanny-gate now and we had Harper's make-up-gate before. What's next?
How about an article focusing on MOC - MOST OF CANADA? You know, 78% of the population, 9 of 10 provinces, and over 80% of the economy....
I hope everyone got my sarcastic remark. To me it's just highly paid person on government payroll that really has no actual function.
Actually, we already heard Harper's voice. Kinda flat. I wanna hear what Duffy's singing voice sounds like, if ya get me drift.
Please do not refer to military jet fighters as 'boy toys,' they are not. Jet fighters may be necessary, but anyone with military experience knows that this aircraft are designed to kill....they are not toys.
'Circle of life' is sarcastic.
Well said Margaret
A colomn of bad taste! Fighting for human rights doesn't mean you're automatically anti-Israel!The means employed may be questionable but the cause to protect human rights is honorable!
I trust your condemnation extends to other countries with human rights records much worse than Israel's, such as, say, Egypt and Syria.
You must be right with all your thumb's down .
Psychobabble for the rabble you offer.
You make no sense whatsoever... where did she suggest that? Pointing out that Donald is a pig doesn't exonerate Bill.
I'd like the word to be 'vision' rather than 'change'
Patient rights - even in death - must trump a doctor?s discomfort - HEADLINE-----what about the doctor's rights ?the patient can always find another doctor
Very funny and hope this article will change a few parents' mind. About the seven thickness of newspaper, what is truly bonker nowaday is - where do you find that many newspaper anymore?
ignoring that the CF-18s won't be alone
He only called Rosie O'Donnell a slob ? which will win the Donald a lot of votes.
How does that explain all the editorials endorsing the Conservatives?
The Daily Show and Jon himself have been big, ugly, exquisitely boring hairballs for at least five years, have nothing to say on any public issue.
The claim that marriage provides a better prospect of life long love is ridiculous. Marriage and love are frequently entirely unrelated. One is a legal matter, the second is an emotional state.
In the National Post, 3 days ago, Saudis say Iran has to get its troops (4,000 Revolutionary Guards sent in June 2013) out of Syria.
AllenJ, And he's still wrong. See my post above.
if only she had the same skill with words as you, she be a sure winner.
Judging by your diction, spelling etc, the lead 'Star reports' says it all.
Throw 'caution' to the wind and become empathetic - you live in a myopic world of miscreants with blinders on their eyes and warmongering in their heats - the CON Clan!
Guess which class Coulter belongs (as well as Trump)?
Why all the fuss about Tim Hortons and the sale of potash thenRt
Agree. Trump is a Friedrich Nietzsche 'will to power' type. Evangelicals thinking he will involve himself in abortion will be disappointed.
it's not a scientific theory either.
It's not reasoned thinking but hyperbole.
Terrorism, plain and straight forward. All cultures are not the same.
Queens Park is ripe for a television series. But would it be believable???
excellent article
Don't mind the question mark...
Again with the edits... The Headline should actually read 'The LACK of integrity issue...'
Wow, Konrad, surely you can't believe what you're saying. To actually say that losing half your paycheque is a good thing and will make you work harder - have you time-travelled here from Dickens' England?
All great dictators in history have abolished their country's independent judiciary.
This was a provincial election. You live in Quebec right what do you know about BC?
Can't nuke someone for fat finger syndrome. It's not fair...
Thats it - strike out left and right when you are criticised Name call all you like but the opinion you express is still an illogical extension of security issues and I stand by my description that it is in fact a bunch of codswallop !!
Canadians don't like your little opinion. Can't do anything about the fact the most Canadians are pro-gay.Maybe you should move to Russia. They'll show an idiot westerner like yourself all about their 'democracy' ahhaha
The liberals stand for nothing anymore, a party devoid of any real policies that matter. The right of center vote went to the Tories and the left went NDP, they lost those voters by arrogance ( gun registry and ad-scam amongst others ).
Merks - I agree entirely. This piece is embarrassing to the globe and mail. I could write a comment about how lawyers are bad, therefore I didn't want to be one. No data. Would the globe and mail publish that?
yikes... the Liberals tied with the Conservatives....in Conservative Ontario... what/s up ....sounds like a Win-Wynne...
The depravity of this government has led to some very creative thinking.
nite? Do you mean 'night'
Stand firm Prime Minister Harper .. don't give in to this welfare blackmail! ... throwing money at this has not worked in the past .. only support the corruption there!
So the PMO minions made Justin Trudeau say he admired China and its dictatorship? We must stop Harper if that is the case....if he can make Trudeau say that, we are doomed!
Funny cause all Harper has ever done are carefully managed photo ops. You obviously fell for them.
Kind of worrisome to be sure.
Your opinion only, and it's nonsense. The left cannot stand to see their dogma questioned and thus hate anyone who would do it. If you can't see through journalistic slant, your not quite as intelligent as you think you are.
Back during the Cold War, France's spy services averaged two or three assassinations a day. Just saying ...
>semi-log plot That's a partly constructed homestead, right?
First, you need actual global warming...........missing in action for the past 18 years. The only thing we know for sure is that the 'models' that predict global warming do not work.
Kick Russia out and don't let the Chinese in... Don't trust either of them.
Yep. If you ain't been a victim you've been working too hard with the wrong employers for the wrong reasons making the wrong folks richer, the wrong folks poorer, and you ain't got a privileged leg to stand on.
You mean like super powers? They are able to leap tall buildings in a single bound AND text while driving? If its not safe for me to text while driving its not safe for them either!
Perhaps the Globe should explain how the air strikes are contributing to any kind of solution to the quagmire in the Middle East. In particular, the Globe should explain how 25 years of this kind of intervention has benefited anyone.
try commenting without being condescending
'Socialism is great - until you run out of other peoples' money' - Margaret Thatcher
Harpo and his ministers belong in jail.
Well said!!!!!
Perhaps in your world, Chris. But many of us don't buy your agenda.
Quebec's answer to Silvio Berlusconi should provide plenty of entertainment for years to come.
This is exactly the kind of hate-filled rhetoric capable of inciting murder in weak-minded followers.
Would you seriously want her? I mean, the Liberals don't exactly have clean hands in this either. If I were in Saskatchewan, I'd want somebody to represent the province's interests, not hers alone (rah, rah, Wadena).
@abbas the above has got to be the funniest, most absurd point if view I have read on this forum. To you, goes the Nobel Prize for comedy. LOL
The young Brits wanted to stay in the EU in order to retain their right to not live in Britain. Citizens of convenience.
put your money where you mouth is. Applications can be picked up at the local firehouse. you sound like too much of a pu$$y to do that job though....or you would have done it already.
Alberta generates lots of house equity doesn't it?
Trudeau has dismantled a lot of the Harper Lost Decade. Good for Trudeau.
I don't like either of them, but I had/have a lot of time for their father George Bush Sr..
Maybe we can name a bridge after him.
Or from Carleton :)
Well Said -- All. /..
Just confiscate the phone and use a hydraulic device to crush it and then return the handful of pieces to the driver. Simple yet very effective.
I disagree at the end with the attack on proportional representation.
I hope you're right but as long as there is a core of 20-25% or so who would vote for independence in a heartbeat there is still the potential for some 'incident', innocent or deliberately manufactured to bring that 20-25% up close to 50% or more.
I guess for you Scotty the Cold War never ended.
Nice to hear that you like working with young children.
When corporate sector coerces the Government, money rules and democracy fails. West wanted to do the same in Russia, China, Venezuela, Ukraine, but failed. Opiated leftists never get essence of democracy.
And I applaud your thorough misunderstanding of the situation.
So then why do we subsidize oil and gas?
Yeah... nothing like a smarmy, socialist, high school drop out who couldn't handle the intellectualism of grade 10 running the show...
I drink from Lake Winnipeg. i have never been sick. Now you are making things up.
Harper should have been tossed in 2008. We would all be far further ahead now.
I once saw a commenter say 'governments, like diapers, need to be changed periodically, for obvious reasons'. Thank you for bringing up the issue that periodic change is necessary.
I agree totally. It's one to refer patients for medical procedures one objects to; it's another to knowingly send a patient to their death.
But, gee, that would involve at least 120, 000 pages!
Fine, let's settle First Nations land claims and get on with greeting the future.
Was his photo taken after he'd tied one on ?
Capitalism rewards success. Socialism rewards failure.
The US involvement in the ME has had zero success. And Canada is following the UU
Ok, Og Dim and Mark, good to hear from you Ford supporters. Now how about organizing the food bank trip to Pusateri's?
If you give a man a fish, you feed him for a day. If you show him the food bank, you feed him for a lifetime.
And such a disgusting situation is not just in Ontario. No politician seems to have the spine to end this.
In case you missed it, Putin already attacked and illegally occupied Crimea and is now creating havoc with his army in East Ukraine. Why should any European country trust Putin when his actions prove otherwise?
Yes and having the life sucked out of them because of equalization payments
Ontario should follow Newfoundland and Montreal and hold a referendum to abolish RC schools in Ontario. We need one strong public system.
This desecration should NOT be constructed on Cape Breton. There are plenty of memorials to fallen armed forces personnel in communities across the country. We do not need another one to bespoil the natural environment of this National Park.
[I don't think Alberta can learn from the Liberals or journalists from Ontario.]Alberta is unable to learn from anyone, intelligent, well versed Albertans included. Lougheed would call you a fool.
I think they found $1.75 billion of it in BC.
'Mr. Powell, one of the more dignified figures on the Washington scene, has always struck me as a smart man.' How come after I read along I came to the opposite conclusion.
I can understand the MSM seeing upside in electing a windsock to lead the country.
What hidden contribution? If you have your eye closed may be.
Rocksteady, guess this means you're not a racist because you have black friends?
No better no worse than most post war governments.
Well, I think we do.A tire fire would be an upgrade over this government.
Oh and get rid of that stupid parliament immunity.
If you don't have a vision and you don't invest in your people, what do you expect? Our leadership gets a huge F for FAIL.
Check the Oxford dictionary-pal. (SOED on line)Both 'referendums ' and referenda' are correct. Before you leap in to correct someone's spelling- good idea to ensure that you are correct.
Afghanistan was NOT a failure. It was the next logical step in the process of perpetual war, waged to keep the military industrial complex churning and to ensure that wealth is squandered instead of invested.
http://earthobservatory.nasa.gov/Features/WorldOfChange/sea_ice_south.php "Since the start of the satellite record, total Antarctic sea ice has increased by about 1 percent per decade."
Okay... we're waiting... List five financially successful Olympics and five successful World Cups (I'll give you a hint... 1994)...Hell, let's make it easy... list one of each... Left-right bu!!shi!e...open your eyes...
Not sure why you got a negative stroke. This is the truth. Not everyone adapts well to a new country. This is especially true for people coming from a war-torn area where life was cheap and you had to take what you wanted just to survive.
Couldn't have said it better myself.
The Rio Olympics should be boycotted because Brazil's democratically elected president was ousted in a coup by Brazil's oligarchs.
It didn't work that way with the U.S. Supreme Court. But that may well be a pathological case.
It really is interesting to see how history has been completely distorted by fools like Fraser. But then, that is how the parasitic left survives.....by perpetuating absolute myths.
Thanks for the belly laugh, festina!
Your proposal would certainly cause Senators to cease work. But without Senate approval, the business of Parliament would grind to a halt.
Google CFIB Wage Watch. Average value of compensation packages in the public sector for same work are 25-42% higher. The study was compiled by Statscan based on the 2006 census.
Reality works fine for the majority of canadians and they will come to their sense when they see his lack of experience and his narcistic proclivities...
Wrong, TE.Harper is playing by exactly the same rules that Chretien did. In fact, Chretien spent more advertising his government than Harper has. Wynne is changing a good rule so she can slime you better with your own money. Wake the f up.
There is something inherently wrong when a vocal and strident minority basically controls the economic, social and political future of a country. Seems the Hon Justice and his associates are saying the tail should and will continue to wag the dog!
And you know what, ironically, woman will never be 'equal' to men until all of your questions that you asked are pertinent to Both sexes. Woman, if you keep playing the victim card, you are the victim.
Call me a simpleton, but this is my solution for our Prime Minster - go to China, tell the PRC leaders Canada does not do business with kidnappers. Period. then come home to make the Canadian people proud.
I am not a Simpson fan at all, but I agree about this article.
As did a French acquaintance of mine's father, and boasted about it. The poor old gent wound up suffering from kidney stones after pounding the likes of Evian? for years.
Don't be bitter!! Sorry you lost!!/ LOL
rebuttal to your rant - sore loserwhen polls do not go your way
Not quote sure how that relates to this heart warming story. That's like me saying and in other news Israel locked up some Palestinians for no good reason and has begun torturing them for daring to want their homes back.
Just for your info, health care costs are the number 1 cause of bankruptcies in America.
Oh brother....now our leftist political commentator has become a climate change expert.
Right-wingers are getting desperate in finding ways to cloud Mr. Sunny Ways.
That's the CRTC that is run by Harper appointees.
Why? We have several here to remind us. Daily.
it's not the show's that damage the cause, it's the women on the shows that damage the cause.. and only among women ... virtually no men watch the show
Hungarians are surely aware of the generous welcome Hungarian refugees received in 1956.
Ambrose99 8 hours agoWe don't know for sure that Iran is building nuclear weapons,-------------then what are all the negotiations about then? in denial?
So, as long as Ms. Wente disagrees with the MP(s) being muzzled, then its okay. Like any of those anti-abortion legislation would have had a hope in hell of passing in the House, anyway.
Now that Iran has agreed not to build nuclear bomb how about the Middle East as whole become free of nuclear bomb? Will Israel sign the same deal Iran agreed to? I wonder.
Do they help Canadians? Yes!Have been doing so long before the recent influx of Syrians ... the article here mentions some of them ... e.g. people who have become homeless, trying to rebuild and can't afford new, not even Ikea-type to re-furnish.
Nigel Wright... do not forget that name... really, really good guy
Your Paranoia strikes deep. Free Press. If things had become so bad, the world media would've been pouring in and out for years wondering how that sweet nation of Canada could become so horrible so fast. Relax. The end of the world is not-near.
So, are you admitting that the base is uneducated, illiterate and easily led? Always wanted to hear that from the source. BTW - what is self-subscribed?
that's a good idea. They should be highly trained, screened and connected to the military for drug security purposes. Write to your MP.
Yes Michele K, puma and her friends do.
Yawn. Jeffrey is so desperate to get his beloved Liberals back in power.
Completely true.
Europe does not need the fat, lady Greek's period
I see your point, but I actually DO hate Harper - and he's worked hard to EARN that hate by doing odious things in an atmosphere of perpetual partisanship and planned untruths.
His name is Steve... cause he doesn't need Quebec for a majorty....
?a bit venal????What World do you live in?
Rules ? Note that the 'rules' were installed by the alpha crowd to protect their interests. In any game the winning strategy must include subversion of the rules ....
So you are complaining about human nature. Your argument seems to suppose that all the budget issues are the result of this self interest when the story shows that pretty much every voter has an element of self interest. So much for your argument.
this insightful comment should be right at the top!
The French law has been used to stop Muslim mothers from helping out at school events and outings, and has resulted in them being ejected from the school bus in front of their children. How is that equality?
He's certainly wrong about the direction of their bias - which is not liberal.
The earth may disagree with you. And frankly, the world is finding ways to generate energy without oil. And this is a very good thing.
It reflects the hope that enough voters will vote NDP as an variation to 'neither of the above' (Liberals or PCs).
My gran quite often wore a scarf on her head, mostly when out shopping. On sedate occassions she wore a nice hat. She was C of E
Well done. Thank you.
They're going to war are they Globe And Mail? My, you sure like to promote division.
Patriotism is about actions, not words. Any 'minority community' will ultimately be judged (as are we all) not by its speeches but by its daily deeds and acts in the community at large.
Why not just make more efficient use of the Drs we have?
You're kidding or on something way stronger than most of us normal people have tried. Unrestrained hatred perhaps??
It has worked in the rest of the world for several thousand years. And life is better. We learn from each other, we don't learn if we live in isolation.
So, in short, you got nothing. But you won't let that stop you from saying it.
That's what we were going for, all along.
More ignorant drivel.
anyone would be better...............
Aboriginals deserve NO more than other Canadians. In case they do not accept to be Canadians, then, it is NOT a Canadian problem.
Wouldn't a better headline have been 'How Feminism culture hurts young women'?
As my Gran used to say 'we may be poor, but we don't ever, ever have to be common.'The phrase meant to separate personal dignity and respect for self and others, from how much money you may or may not have in your jeans.
And there is no shortage of haters.
This was a very pertinent article. I think the G&M did something very important by investigating and reporting those suicides. However, the demagogic nature of the lengthy piece took away from the points that need to be raised in this context.
Ironic how people like you decry the lack of evidence for the author's statement but can't be bothered with actual evidence when it comes to science and medicine.
You likely never even bothered to visit the link and learn anything, so sad!
the cream rose to the top of the barrel h, you just haven't been reading hard enough...
We should stop building roads in Quebec because they are a much greater threat to the natural environment than pipelines.
So you don't like the fact that O&G is a major industry for Alberta? What is your solution???
You're welcome to sell your house and send all the money to help refugees. Impoverish yourself, if you like. But don't impoverish me with your bleeding heart.
Brilliant idea! We can go around together with the signup sheet, starting with Montreal. When are you available to start?
Correction: you're = your
Thank God I've aged my way past this.
have Canadians visiting Florida, Disney, New York, Las Vegas, California, Hawaii ... been victims of "torture and secret surveillance." too much fearmongering
Wind power kills bats and birds. Some birds get killed flying into the blades. Bats are killed when they get caught in the low pressure vortex behind the blades, which causes their internal organs to explode.
Show leadership Mr. Premier!
They're not stupid - they're corrupt.
Jack, you'll have to look far and wide to find a more honourable man than Bob Rae.
Ahh the 1% is at it again. Always looking to strip more money from the general publics wallet. Need an example take a look at the privatization of water supply in the Detroit area to understand the future with a privatized Hydro One.
I believe everyone has the right to be miserable....or to live happily forever... as the case may be.
Chinese have a lot more fire powers there to overwhelm a few American bases . Also big power's weapon range far exceeds geographical distance. American continent will be attacked if US attacks Chinese mainland, as Chinese openly said.
The world? Why be so modest? You might as well say the entire universe, including all the trillions of undiscovered planets out there with intelligent life, wants Hillary Clinton to win.
Yet another tired Con Post complaining of an 'anti-harper-conspiracy'. Lots of factual arguments to read my friend.
I didn't say and am not saying it is all the woman's fault. Read what is written not your preconceived ideas.
Are you talking a potential Kurdistan, or are you talking Harper?
The fountain was small change on a level with Tony Clement's gazebo.
Putin needs a good kick in the rump, starring the day after the inaugural address.
looks to me that the economy has dried up quite a bit just in anticipation of this election, May the E.I people can shed some light on all the law offs in the last few weeks. Seem like a big wait and see attitude, save your money
Earlier than 1882 the FLQs involved in the kidnapping of Mr Cross, a Brit Consul, were allowed exile in the WIs and subsequent return to Canada
barking up the wrong tree there. try getting out of the house and talking to the opposite sex... they're actually mostly decent people.
You want a cohesive society? Please go back in time to 1941 Germany. They were extremely cohesive. Please keep your vision of a fascist Canada far away from the rest of us citizens.
One dictator to another?
Not long, I guess. But what can you do?
This ain't twitter. If it takes more than a paragraph. most of us can handle that!
HJKResorting to insulting language again. No matter how good your argument was, that destroyed it.
He might speak some inconvenient truths.
LOL... hilarious...
Margaret Wente goes too far and loses all credibility and objectivity when she describes the Russian President as '...cold and vile.'. I would say a more apt description of his actions would be ruthless pragmatism, but certainly not vile.
Hey, where is Wente gone?
'uniquely Canadian' really means 'from Cana-duh'
WHERE does THIS come from? SSSOOOOOOO helpful
This author is no Chaucer or Erasmus. Yawn.
No, I'd say you are a typical Canadian.
dissembled Canada's much-respected historical role as an international 'honest-broker', peacemaker and peacekeeperNews flash, we never had such history, it is nothing but a liberal myth.
It's sort of like science fiction fantasy. She disappears until her ascendancy to the presidency. Meanwhile the plastic surgeons and high priests are transforming her into a vestal angel complete with halo, sceptre and gossamer wings.
Did I suggest that we should do so? Or did you not read my post where I said I have no sympathy and that they can live with their choice?
Not to the degree you are suggesting
what about the guy in california witha cache of guns? Ahhhh how we forget.
you've convinced me - i won't vote for obama's third term. Though if I could, I would. And so would about 90% of american voters.
Or denied... everyone is waiting to see what ignorant nonsense he blurts out about this tragedy
the last line is about going to jail - if the CBC website didn't contain that line they've edited it to support their position.
And yet they still water their golf courses and run their fountains.
Easy boys. You get arrested for what you 2 are doing to Junior in public.
Did you like Trump's pouty snarl that made him look like the little kid that no one wants to play with?
definitely - 'or not.'
A series of statements and inferences that would constitute a proof are not requires. Simple power of observation is all that is needed.
'Manifesto' is a poor word to choose. It can have a sinister connotation.
What is your obsession - are you smoking something? I have no idea what you are going on about..
Do they kill the dogs to get the wool? I would guess not. In fact I would think the dogs are well cared for so it doesn't impact the value of the wool (and probably because those owners love their dogs).
The issue of political correctness is not left or right, Cdns don't like extremists in anything
Par for the course from the Globe and Mail... because it's 2016. Soap box for the perpetually offended social justice warriors and career liberal arts undergrads. Next week, an essay on the racism of snow.
yes, watch out, the guy will say anything he leases, esp when he sees a second-rater like Marois wrecking his old party
I had a comment agreeing with your observation and expanding upon it but it didn't get past The Moderator.
What an idiotic comment. Probably from someone who has contributed nothing to society.
neither does your blathering!
Perhaps you can go to Syria to fight the (good?) fight
How can I find the editorial in Le Monde of which he speaks?
Harpo negotiated the TPP with the "bicyle riding pinkos" in secrecy. He wears it !
Harper doesn't care if it's a bad idea, as long as he can make it look good to his easily manipulated base.
This Saunders piece is a disgrace to journalism. Trying to whitewash criminality. The so-called journalists at the Globe are lost if Clinton loses.
How do you know that the majority of Canadians say no more? Maybe it's just the majority of people who read Margaret Wente columns?
Next time Simpson attempts to twist his Toupe bristles into the backside of the IPCC, I'll shout look out it's exit only back there. What a bunch of verbal diarrhea
If you purge everybody that's ethically bankrupt, the entire party is wiped out. Guilty by association.
And we prosper.
Ah yes - the premise of the article is laughable !
Forgetting the 'Florida Gun Laws'Replace the 'gun' with a 'knife'What would have happened here in Canada? Elliot
Oh really Sean? So if one of those Saudi tankers run aground and start leaking, would that be different from a pipeline leak of oil from Alberta? Do you know what "hypocrisy" means little fella?
What makes you think Trump will be a strong leader? The guy is erratic and bombastic. His government would be marked by constant conflict, internally and externally.
Simpson bashes Harper? This isn't Bizzarro world.
It's the oppositions job to push for an unnecessary inquiry? Seriously?
Has the Globe writers been brainwashed by the NDP?
They weren't really socialists, and their view of nationalism was full of all sorts of Romanticist crap -- as was all of Europe at the end on the 19th & beginning of the 20th Centuries.
All institutional abuse cases involve very delayed reporting, almost without exception. Would this judge have tossed all of their evidence too? And, what about the social media admissions?
It would be called a cottage industry near Uxbridge.
This is how the Ottawa Police handled a knife wielding man yesterday. ottawasun.com/2013/08/02/ottawa-cops-disarm-man-chasing-ex-girlfriend-with-knife
Note to all politicians: I don't know you, you don't know me, don't send me a Christmas card. I definitely won't be sending one to you.
Actually, it is the slow-moving sloths that should be taking taxis.
@JohnDYup ...If you read it closely it says absolutely nothing consistent. It's what we used to call a 'good snowjob' - an exercise in obfuscation.
Pivot Legal is in Vancouver. The Canadian AIDS Society is all over Canada.
You are right. We have enough home grown whackos, we don't need to import more.
It's good to be a world-leader, don't you think, BC Thoughts? By the way, no one in Canada is forced to be a union member.
Mike - I have two independent clauses so a comma should be used.
clinton is far more scary than trump
Hospitals are sometimes also being dual-used as military sites by some combatants. There are no easy answers here.
Love that Obama. An intleligent, moderate man. I wish more 'liberals' actually agreed with him!
Kenney is little more than Rob Ford in a better fitting suit.
Sher, If your father beats you with a stick, then I come along and slap your face, am I good guy for not beating you with a stick?
He is an empty vessel, with time you will come to the same conclusion...!
Congratulations on using the word 'sober' in a paragraph about Elizabeth May!
"...Alberta has a spending problem..." Agreed. Hopefully, this can be solved fairly quickly. "... not a revenue one." Huh? Whereya been since the $100+-a-barrel days in a (basically) one-industry province?
Would he have done it to someone his own size?
GKnightBC: Welcome to the world we live in. Perhaps OTHER UN votes and decisions are motivated by such bias! HORRORS!!!!!
What a bunch of horse droppings! Ms. Wente is obviously not a Clinton or Democrat supporter but to use the G&M to disseminate her slanted comments and that they allowed her to do so is simply mud-slinging and not good journalism.
Harper?s Privacy Commissioner is wrong for the job +++You think the Privacy Commissioner is wrong for the job? So is Stephen Harper -> Oct 19, 2015.
Please provide those other terms, as some of us are obviously not blessed with all-knowing wisdom like you.
So, what this article is trying to say, is that Canada has a mental health problem, not a firearm problem?
After the next election, Harper will be going back to the only job he ever held - sorting mail for an oil company. And his father got that one for him.
Bloggins, who pays you to spew such rubbish. You come across as a fool.
hey the Pope attacked the Donald first, the guy fights back. Good on him. I think a lot of Americans are tired of being so heavenly bound they are no earthly good.
The G&M's resident anti-'Zionist' is back with his blame the Jews for everything line. American Free Press is just another paranoid anti-Semitic rag.
It would appear offshore money is leaving Calgary for Toronto.
The last, An important point. Those who ignore history.............
you have a Butts obsession...
They would argue :1. Apply to join the fire department. 2. You need a union like theirs...(of course, there is that minor detail where you work needs to make money to survive, a fire department, not so much)
You missed the point of that statement entirely.
Depends on their religion. If it's a Christian, you can point out that you're supposed to love your enemy.
Really, many of these narcissistic actors have multiple degrees? your are trying to be flippant here right?
She really is a national embarrassment. How sad.
Agreed, You cannot teach good judgement. Personality testing of all police and recruits should be done to try to weed out police with that often seen tendency to beat and shoot. Screening not training is the answer.
And take as many Percs and Oxys as we can get in?
I don't mind who is on the notes, but would the Mint send me some free samples so I can study the problem?
On occasion they are left -- fortunately.
No, you are the ridiculous one. Ridiculous.
Perhaps the Globe's editorial staff should have considered, among other things, the Prime Minister's use of prorogation for political purposes before endorsing him in the last election.
As far as I know none. While she's definitely intersex I have never seen anything that claims that she's XY. BTW, even that wouldn't cut it - after all, there are XX men and XY women. In fact a disproportionate percentage of female models are XY.
These guys are a joke. Can we get a government that will lead the country rather than this group that is only interested in playing politics 24 Seven?
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/opinion/2016/06/04/bbc-spin-hides-the-great-solar-energy-fiasco/
Countries that use proportional representation do not use ridings but use slates of candidates instead. The slates are generally put together by the party leadership.
Sorry, sneaky, didn't realize you didn't know how to use Google: "The commitment needs to be a commitment to grow the economy and the budget will balance itself"
Oh stop it with your troublesome facts!
You just can't overcome some with determined death wishes. Wonder who the 'prominent' business man is? These twits are beyond belief!
Trudeau could copy Trump - big reduction in corporate tax and hire businessman to run the civil service.
I think it's clear that Clinton's strategy was not to engage. She didn't need a knock-out, he did. All she had to do was hold her own and wait for him to oblige her with another willful act of self-sabotage...and he did.
Have a Snickers bar. You do mindless rants when you're hungry
Value Villiage is owned by Wal-Mart. Don't worry they will come in now that the market space is vacated. They make money. They wont go anywhere.
I think that patients should get a yearly summary of health care payments on their behalf. They might be surprised.
'no different than anything else thrown out there over the years' - Yeah. By PCs introducing to Canada the worst aspect of US campaigning style. You can actually say this without feeling ashamed?
David, you say the Palestinians "want to remain forever victims"? It's Israel that plays the "victim" card, even as they slaughter thousands of trapped Palestinians civilians with the most modern weapons of war.
I'm sure he'll be able to land a job in the mailroom of one of the oil companies down there........!!
Frustrated? So cut off you nose to spit your face.
Best case scenario, Pupatello wins, loses by-election and refuses to ever call back the legislature and there is nothing the citizens of Ontario could do to prevent it.
Whatever happens in or to Quebec is of their own choosing and has nothing to do with PM Harper. Try and be accountable for the mess you are now in with Montreal voters. Watch the next provincial election---the PQ will get stung.
in all our hearts command is a good suggestion too!
monkey121 - thank you !
As far as can be told, the overwhelming percentage of posters to Dalhousie articles are men. Now who's keeping the story going, again?
He was representative of islamic ideology.
And yet we count on the Feds to provide health money, something they don't have any jurisdiction for either. Catch up with the times
Yes ............ she a young small business women who is published internationally.
And it winds up being bloviation, J4A.
Really, then don
If Conservatives want to get elected in Ontario, they need to return to their Progressive Conservative roots - the days of Bill Davis. They need to take an enema and expunge themselves of federal fascists like Hudak.
were not talking black here were talking common sense
Hey, just get out of the city and enjoy life as it should be!
What motive does the US have for bombing a hospital? For the fun of it? Only ISIS and the Taliban would do that Provide the motive
Your grammar and sentence structure would make a teacher cry. Is this the type of person that votes reform?
Exactly - very misleading and selective. What actual career path was the compensation based on ??? An artsie becoming a plumber ?
Good luck in the Media Mecca... watch your 6.
Interesting that this article has shown who the ISIS appeasers are - Liberals.
This movie should be called Dumb (Adams) and Dumber (Trudeau) IIIThis affair says more about Trudeau's terrible judgement than Adams who is simply trying to hold on to a $163,000 MPs salaryTrudeau does not have a clue !Moore, Garry R - Solutions Inc
For all the liberal supporters that says she should get help, why not pay for every member of parliament spouse also? After all if their spouse is doing something for them, why shouldnt they receive money also? Or is it just for SGT?
The city of Toronto is humiliated enough by having its city hall suborned to boost a fringe political movement, but Ford pointing out the absurdity of it all doesn't add much to that disgrace.
This guy never signed up for Econ 101 in college...
Strikes me that the Liberals are moving off to the right, maybe because they think that's where the new 'center' is in Canadian politics. If Mulcair is smart he can slip into that old centre ground and sweep both the left and the center.
Dinner can be pricey.
Charter/home schooling type education assisted by The Khan Academy cannot come soon enough.
Man, you lefties are priceless... That was called a satire....Grow a sense of humour...
Go Duff !!
Hitler probably felt the same about the German courts and opposition parties.
By 2020 Germany's under 30 year old population will be majority Muslim. Mama Merkel insists!
What do you think 9/11 was ? Martyrs die because they've been led to believe they'll resurect in Paradise. That's Faith.
The vatican also recognizes a Palestinian stateharper is apostolic and apoplectic
The media have given us Steve and will have to dissemble even more in maintaining him in power, come 2015. The Globe is going to go over from Tweedledee to Tweedledum. M'Lord Black had the same effect on a great many newspapers.
Rmiller, Michelle Obama could easily run in 2020. She has given the best speeches by far during the course of the current election campaign and is now widely regarded as a political superstar, Michelle could even be a part of the Clinton cabinet.
Yeah, it's impossible to have platforms and policies if you dress well, right?
US Politics has gone Beyond the Thunderdome: Master Blaster vs. Aunty Entity the Queen of Bartertown.
Trumps mother would have been polite to the Pope and boxed Donald's ears for being impolite. That generation didn't put up their children embarrassing them in public.
I thought it was powered by hot air.
I've been tweeting these comments to JT. He needs to see what average Canadians feel about him and his statement.
An honest look at Donald Trump's business record and business ethics doesn't provide a pretty picture, my friend.
How many black MPs are there in the new Liberal government? I did not notice any and if this is the case, it is the reason Trudeau could not appoint any black MP to his cabinet.
If you have 'Wente fatigue', stop reading her opinion pieces!
brissy - did you even read my posting? It was about the author's facile indictment of corporate America based on antiquated political theory that assumes an idealized public sphere.
'Image' of being morally bankrupt? It's more than image. The Harper gang is morally bankrupt right to the core. Nothing would look better on Canada's first and last Reform PM than defeat at the hands of a Trudeau.
Wilfred, the Liberal were elected by 39.1% of those who voted; less than 27% of registered voters.
Putin flabby.
egdusa: Exactly!
Thanks for perspective, as usual.
I would suggest that bigotry goes both ways.
Cut the horde.. Well, thanks goodness for the taps running water that doesn't prove fatal to drink. Harris and his life endangering era
Another example of how well propaganda sponsored by Russianized media works. Please educate yourself by expanding your reading list.
Who said the KURDS are anti west? Liethey are Pro-West
I agree with you 100%.
Fine, let's see referendums across Russia. Maybe the Chechens would like out after the treatment they have received?
If Trudeau's government pushes forward with this, and the items mentioned in the 'open government' article, I will have massive respect for him and the federal Liberals. That they are promising to do this is very, very encouraging.
Is this the same minister who started bawling at a press conference because the Wallonians rejected the treaty.
Thanks to the Liberal Charter of rights and freedoms... ala pops
Utter nonsense. We need to start acting like a member of NATO, detaining people, seizing their assets to stop the money flow to this organization and stepping up the military engagement against ISIS. Enough is enough.
That makes the assumption that there is something wrong with men that needs to be changed.
Yesterdays energy? Do you drive a fully electric car Miller?
Yes, because, you know, that whole extortion thing was just made up to get back at Rob. Tin foil hat is not debate.
The last paragraph sums up very nicely my view on the real agenda of many, if not most, of the climate alarmists.
Could you be a bit more specific please?
It is time that all natives in Canada have a say in whether the AFN should continue to exist. If the majority is in favor of keeping the AFN, it is time that the head of the AFN be elected by all natives.
Yes, it would have been surprising if Professor Mathen had contemplated a different standard for sexual assault than proof beyond a reasonable doubt. She didn't.
She tried to reform the US Health care system. The Republicans refusal to cooperate ensured millions of Americans died early. At least there was no socialism!
Police killed one person. Where do you get your "information" from exactly?
people who do NOT smoke it.
from what?
Are you joking? This is not marxism-leninism, this the Real World of capitalism. Middle class in rich countries like Canada are clear winners of trade agreements.
That is a very fair question. Now, I have a bit of knowledge with regards to why the police choose to live outside the communities they patrol - safety. I feel fairly confident in saying the Officer Forcillo no doubt resides outside of the city.
The editorial board almost sounds afraid.
Harper added $163 billion to our debt - fully 24% of all debt accumulated since Confederation.
I am not able to ascertain what you are trying to say.
What a condescending post. Because you worship the Liberals, anyone who doesn't has lost moral authority to comment? An idiotic statement. Typical of the Liberal line of thinking that the editorial was about.
SayeSo Sayeth Martin, the Liberal uber-apologist.After the 'shock and awe' of Trump's victory, I'm surprised that he isn't still hiding in his 'safe space'.....
Justine will have to clean the huge stick the Harpers created that is for sure. Every thing Harper has done will have to be undone at huge expense to Canadians.
Why we need a change to rep by pop.
Like voting Liberal after Wynne & McGuinty ran ON into the ground?
Because Obama has not interests to cater to in the Congress, he can make these kinds of moves. Cuba is just the start. There is much more to come.
Very well put. Totally agree.
Fewer than forty percent of Canadians got what they wanted tonight.
Like Frankie said... When two tribes go to war, a point is all you can score
How many it was it was a lot fewer than the two jumbo jets' of Canadian delegates
That is, 12 semester hours in each of science, etc.
I don't think Chretien thought of his followers that way. He was way more sincereand less scripted that Harper.
I can tell that "Conservatives represent family values" by the number of Cabinet ministers that have recently quit 'to spend more time with their families.'
i don't usually read wente - glad i did today - she nicely summarized why i seriously took a look at the green party platform when it came out - some good ideas there. I'll be voting green.
The extra year is a made up requirement so that with reduced enrolment they didn't have to downsize those employed in teachers college.
' ..Granted the Ontario economy was egregiously mismanaged however the energy programs were on the right track ..'Apologies - but Ontario's Green Energy program was a classic case of egregious political interference and abysmal STEM ignorance .....
Do you think Trump has a clue about the working class?
Good idea. Now back up what you wrote with evidence.
Because nobody else has been talking about immigration or outsourcing? Where have you been for the last 20 years?
L.enin E.ngels A.ction P.lan
You mean the same war Iggy wanted?
The plutocracy's attacks on civil society and everyone below rich happen to affect the black underclass most sharply. But they're gunning for everyone.
If densification followed subway lines, the area around the 1970s Spadina extension would look a lot different. Same with Sheppard (still way below projected ridership).
Have you met any feminists, Bob?
Russia can't afford to keep Crimea. Putin is dipping into Russian pension funds to pay for his military adventurism in Ukraine.
He also espoused some customs that many find objectionable.
Never forget that the Kardashians are a 'product' and do not represent America any more than Doug and Bob MacKenzie represent Canaduh.
I wonder if Mary Schultz was there with him?
You're going to have to be more specific... What is it exactly?
from Berig in RochesterI appreciate all of your comments!
@bateman99: Not yet he is coming back tomorrow.
Stop with your philistine pig ignorance.
Think I will get out today and chop down some trees! looks like it might be a cold evening
Also same during pregnancy !!
Sure, Jack, sure :-)
Oh, please, another 'back in my day' story. Did you have to walk 2 hours a day to get t school too? The kids are alright.
Agree, killing is unjustifyable, period. It will make us no different from the many followers of Islam who kill non-believers.
I really wish the Liberals had picked Marc Garneau as their leader.
Try to say "Trudeau is a sociopathic con artist" and see how long it takes for the moderator to show up
We are talking of mental illness not mental incompetence. To confuse the two is prejudice.
Jack - exactly !Our past posturing about peace keeping was an embarrassment of futility ! A waste of money and lives of our military without any visible progress.
Sooooooooooooooo....any of this proves he is on the left how?!?!Cause he's not working for Deco like you guys?
Yes 2000 years ago the Blessed Virgin Mary wore a shawl and your point being? I do agree with you that Christians have evolved in the last 2000 years so why is it so hard to ask that immigrants evolve past 1400 years ago?
Crimea was a part of Russia for centuries until Khrushchev "gave" it to the Ukraine. And its population is majority Russian.
I have Ericka on ignore. She is a total waste of electrons.
All decent people knew this from day one.
No, that came after his initial comment, which you have misrepresented. Ken Livingstone stands by Hitler comments http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-36177333
He had the courage and decision making prowess to hide in the broom closet. Seriously, he can't really be your hero after that ???
It makes one sick the obscene analogy 'cutting the grass', when it really means killing hundreds of innocent children, perceived as nothing but a nuisance to the colonizers.
We can only imagine how 'socially isolating' is the life of someone who consistently calls other serious Globe posters language like 'your own warped, unhinged, fringe, conspiracist, opinion.'
She will meander through university for years and years, get a teacher's diploma, and then take a classroom at a public school near you ('teaching' both girls and boys!!!).
no idiot it is not tobacco. morons like this should not be allowed to dictate anything
And your calling others stupid is not insulting. You are a case for study, Studly. :)
Canada's back, hair is in, the budget will balance itself, solve terrorism- study root causes - stunny daze indeed!
They are absolutely not scare quotes, or sarcastic or ironic quotes. I've already implicitly addressed that self-defeating point.
The whole spying process might just choke on the sheer volume of collected data. After all, how much of the collected data is stupid fluff: 99%, 99.9%, 99.9999999%?
You're being "implike".
'Old' starts when you start using diapers.
Kinda like scratch for the bottom
The development of the tar sands is like swimming upstream against a very strong current. As long as the world is not short of oil and the president is a democrat the oil that does move from Alberta to the US will move by rail.
Not in the least, just can't believe that people are buying into these ideas and are willing to have their children brainwashed.
Nice try, DRG. The evidence is clear, however, to any airport user, that airports have become monuments to the airport authorities' lust for bigger and grander and damn the cost..
In other words, at best you disagree with me but you can't use words to explain why.
Just watch him!!
So why are you always demanding special rates, discounts and services because you are a senior with 50 years of employment behind you
No, I was addressing the misinformation presented in this article, which is addressed point-by-point in my post.
Harper doesn't deny there's a problem with pollution
jean Chretien certainly did NOT refuse to go into Iraq. what he actually said was he would go along with the Nato majority & that is why we didn't go in. Had NATO decided otherwise we would have been there.
The climate change crusaders are loosing and we're all going to die at some point but I find Ms. Wente's columns interesting so the Globe will get my nickle next week whether or not she has read Ms. Kleine's tome.
Looking forward to it.
Politically directed and agenda setting policy development masquerading as science.
... not yet.
Absolutely I think we can all agree on this. And also agree on what Wente wrote.
"Patwant' is fighting the good fight on behalf of the many deplorables who can't type without assistance.
This was built as part of these people's wish for an Olympic games in Toronto. PanAm Games was part of this as well. All on the sly. Billions and billions wasted that we need for important infrastructure.
Other plants beyond tobaco in the group include tomatoes, potatoes, red peppers and eggplant and they all contain nicotineso tomatoes, potatoes addicts please take your vegies to the basement
You clearly missed the analysis piece on Trump's platform from a few days ago, that said it's essentially hot air. And no, it's not a non-story for a candidate to be advocating a Second Amendment solution to his opponent. It's repugnant.
There will never be justice for all, except maybe in heaven.
The police are definitely softer. Shooting first in many cases lest they get their hands dirty or have to physically intervene. What happened to their billy sticks?
Regardless of your opinions of any party, rigging elections is fundamentally wrong.
65 comments at almost 21:00 on a Friday night. Time to have the funeral that it deserves. Tears and all.
leaand - why do you torture yourself reading her columns then?
You have 16 replies!!!! This is the most I have ever seen on The Globe. Wow!!! Now you have 17.
I'm going out on a limb here, you voted for Prime Minister Panda?
Just because you write it jaberski does not make it true. Your column is just one big misrepresentation today. Seems to be like that alot. con hack is how I would define you .
It looks like Canadians are the ones 'fascinated' by this case. Your media can't stop covering it. And you ignoramuses can't stop commenting about it.Face it. You have a problem.
Agreed. When populations are out of control if they do not run out of food they will just have wars like in the Middle East.
Why the Globe needs to discard its poisoned editorial staff
Makes sense, I guess, in that Harper has not done much of anything this past decade, let alone reform anything.
Do not mention the tactics that the Liberals have lifted from the Democrats.
Hiring men who are real men and not lapdogs for the political correctoids in the Ministry of Ed and board of ed. offices.
Maggie's waiting for someone else to write it for her.
Don't bother just tom. Mouth breather won't get it.
Thank you. A voice of reason.
Pointing out the inherent advantages of white people is divisive? That is the very core argument used to sustain white privilege
Please provide proof that I had no problem with that line when Harper was PM.
Oh gawd, the mod isn't accepting light-hearted criticism today.
Perhaps you will be right. However, Canadian teams pay their players in $US, which may become prohibitively expensive with a weak $CDN.
He certainly was before he was handed the city hall beat after Barber was sent to purgatory! Speaking of which, why are you still wasting Barber's talents pening book reviews? All the man did was speak truth to incompetence.
Great sarcasm.
On the bright side, we might be able to learn something from comparing the performance of all those parallel systems.
Another exercise in cherry picking, distorted, confirmation bias by the rape culture and women as victims industry.
Really who cares about the editing- she's the only one who has even bothered to talk about this- it's been a ominous silence out there on the topic- hurrah for Renzetti!
Taxpayers picked up the tab for Stephen Harper's hairdresser and Laureen Harper's 'assistant'. I'm sure both made more money than two nannies combined.
Legalization is about the only LPC policy I support. I wish it were in the NDP platform as well. Why do you have such a big bug up your butt over it? Do you like a self-perpetuating black market and criminals getting rich?
If this means the globe is getting ready to support Harper in the next election, I will have to rethink my subscription.
If you believe a child wrote that then you have some very serious issues.
moore wants california and new york to control the country like the GTA controls canada
Didn't see respect for the rule of law either - from a guy who's government used its majority to pass clearly unconstitutional legislation so they could complain bitterly about 'activist' judges later to raise money from their base.
There hasn't been a provincial teacher strike for 18 years.
I have to agree, all this navel gazing and chest thumping is a waste of time. It's not as though there is a one size fits all sort of urban nirvana. Different people, different needs and different tastes.
Except the goat is a fiction.
Prayer has a 100% failure rate.
Its the Conservative way to create budget deficits so they have an excuse to slash government services that benefit low and middle-income Canadians the most.
Does government need to be run more like a business, or not? If so, then it needs to pay and compensate the same way private business does. Or you get poor quality government.
That was actually written in black and white in today's Montreal Gazette editorial.
If a Canadian citizen goes overseas to commit an act of terror, they should lose more than their citizenship. Their life should be in forfeiture.
Don't underestimate the power of Language, Ms Wente....you're sitting 'pretty' now but no (wo)man's an Island....: )
Grade 7? Kids are learning about sex before that age.
And....Are you experienced?
@Kevka: Not true. The niqab wedge issue was deployed midway through the campaign, by which point the three parties were all effectively tied in the polls. The niqab wedge broke the logjam, switching large numbers of NDP voters over to the Liberals.
JB Very Putinesque of him.
... one of the MANY instances where Harper has done much worst than what he reproached of his predecessors !
Trump isn't actually running against big government. His only criticism of government is that he's not running it. That's actually one of the major ways he stands out from GOP orthodoxy.
I agree Chris. Let's ignore the $1,000,000,000s in Liberal abuse and concentrate on the $10,000s. It is the only hope that the Boy Blunder has.
The Falklands...
Come to Ontario - Harper pales in comparison to Wynne.$90,000 vs, $1,100,000,000
O'Leary is perfect for the conservatives, arrogant, rude, authoritarian, ignorant and a bully.
Yup, they published this comment. Surprise, surprise. Is Marcus Gee the moderator?
Yes. People shoud not be accorded privilege and power on account of their lineage. Wait...
This. I just logged on to say obviously Skippy doesn't understand what racism is.
It seems? You're too generous.
Because he's a traitor to Canada.
Care to provide a credible link?
It's always about party power. What happens if a party member doesn't vote along party lines? Kicked out of caucus. Becomes an independent.
Why is the Alpha (in Alpha female) in capitals, and the beta male in the lower case. Are you some kind of misandrist?
His 'walk in the snow' is getting closer...
Relax. They said the same thing about Reagan and he turned out fine.
'...and it's all so horrible...'At least you've got that part right!
Heh - excellent.
Philly, he won't believe you. But don't take it personally. He has his mind already made up..
But nuclear power supports nuclear engineers, another endangered species in this country. For shame.
Excellent!
Women are not the subject, that's all.
You are wrong. It has definitely made an impact elsewhere. Get some new talking points.
Four attacks per week by Simpson on PM Harper. Like a broken record.
Yes, Harper leadership has put Canada on the world stage, right beside Nauru, Palau and the Marshall Islands.
And thinking, 'These are the kind of fools who vote Con - I don't want to be associated with them'. So carry on, Zman - it only hurts your 'cause'.
These post boxes aren't a big deal, plenty of people have been using them for ages. By all means try to fix known problems with them, but they aren't evil.
''' Once upon a time, aboriginals were treated as separate from other Canadians, unable to vote or participate in the mainstream life of the country.'''Today, 'unable' would be 'unwilling,' for a great number.
A difference in the exchange rate of the loonie of 60 per cent and the Conservative stalwart can only engage in name-calling. Pitiful performance and lots of nerve.
"which in some ways is bad...." Environmentally and for social justice in Canada, among other ways. Don't ever go deep, bobbers.
male bovine excrement - Enrique referenced a single study on a website that has many more studies with the exact opposite point of view
Canada is a fully-independent member of the Commonwealth. Our Queen is a Canadian citizen, so what's your beef? Canada has been fully-independent since 1927.
Your care giver should do a better job of keeping you off the computer.
We welcome you with open arms and our communities will be there to help you adapt and contribute to our society. We look forward to seeing you succeed. Another great moment for Canada.
or timed window dressing for that matter.
Bet Charles chokes to death on one of his organic vegetables.....
What's the difference?
If only more Professors had the outlook of Dr Joustra!
Why the shouting? No, it didn't. That's a CN line. The North Dakota - Montreal route taken by CP would have passed through Oshawa, Trenton, Belleville, Perth, Smith Falls and Kemptville.
you're over-reacting. take a valium.
If you think law abiding protestors is not the norm, you slept through Harper's G20, kettling of innocents and a man with a prosthetic limb having it ripped off by the police of various sorts.
'Hitchens was wrong. He was poisoned by alcohol and smoking.'Sigh. He didn't say that there weren't other poisons out there. Just that religion poisons everything. Reading comprehension -- try it sometime.
I'm not sure how you would mediate or negotiate with the likes of ISIL or Boko Haram
Lets stick on topic.....budget strained communities whilst the public service are making off like bandits.
It is called humour. That which keeps us from picking up the torches and pitchforks and carrying the lot of them off to the guillotine.
This is the kind of judgement and experience Steve Harper has during times of uncertainty: Withhold information from the people and hide legislation in omni-bus bills.
Lord help us all...
Interesting comment PP1. Are you suggesting that niqabs should be allowed or not during a citizenship ceremony?
The only possible explanation for Harper's bizarre (and delayed) attack on the SC is that he is suffering a break with reality. Harper has always been a mud slinging sleaze all, but this attack is just stupid - even by CPC standards.
Seriously? You wouldn't know it from the terrible decisions he's made.
Yes indeed, the West is so superior and smug, it's only 'those' people, 'they' and 'them' over there in 'those' backward cultures, not here.
Just like the government of Kiev, right?
In many cases, those who fail die, and consequently cannot start over. It depends on the nature of the risk taken.
Never tried goulag! Then you would find Qu?bec a heaven with education and health-care services to minorities that make ROC a shame lacking reciprocity.
It may also depend on the campuses, some are more PC than others.
You are clear about what you think should not be the basis for claiming to be Indian, but not about what think should be. You say it is not about territory, either. So if it isn't culture, is it just bloodlines? Then what's the point?
Sorry, but who the heck is Frances Wooley and why is her opinion worth attention?
It is nice to see a common sense evaluation of the fiasco in America. There are lessons for us in the illegal immigration crisis in the USA.
disaster or not, if Trump wins it is Democracy he will win by an election and not the leftist way, by armed revolution
So this is what it's come to.Congratulations Ontario liberals for making us another maritime province.
I do worry about all of the above. The fact that there are other injustices in the world does not excuse the actions of a supposed beacon of democracy like Israel toward the Palestinians. We need the two state solution implemented.
A majority of the Muslims in France are citizens of France, not tourists or visitors.
Maybe you could re-read my post. I didn't say I don't know what "manspreading" is. I said I don't understand the link between this ridiculous thing & what happened at Dal. My point still stands. Maybe the men should man up.
Wrong again, Rick. But I guess you're OK with that.
Why not let Uber-government work?
It's the new Discovery math ! The citizenry 'discovers' that money borrowed by politicians never gets paid back - they just print more ....
BHO caused the so-called crisis.
When did danger ever get proper compensation? The highest paid people have always outsourced danger and dirty jobs.
@ULE Yankee,'... I think North American vs American best refers to Canadians.'So where do Mexicans fit into this?
roach Try to stay on the topic. If it's good enough for the pot, you can't leave the kettle out of the discussion or you end up looking like a fool.
'Bloc?' I'm afraid you've got the wrong party, Building.
Her milkshakes bring all the boys to the yard....
The majority of those counted as not receiving door to door delivery do get their mail delivered to their personal mailboxes in their apartment or condo buildings. The majority of Canadians currently receive indoor mail delivery.
wow - is our prime minister overseas to berate the crypto democrat putin? or to study his methods? thank goodness for our supreme court. oh wait - they're trying to rejig that as well. what the heck is going on here?
Look in the mirror.....it not the article that is missing the point. You are wrong on pretty much ever statement you made.
Apparently you don't understand that her comment on the Gifford quote is a clarification, not a repeat quote. You're seeing a significance that doesn't exist.
Only in the minds of people who lap up what they hear from politicians or biased journalists instead of checking things out and thinking for themselves.
A just nation respects the sovereignty of another country and doesn't just go in and start bombing.
'The most important issue to keep in mind is the hope that Rob's tumour is benign.' You might want to tell this to the Fords - seems they are focusing more on jockying for position in municipal politics than on Rob's health.
tell us which Arab country has Human rightsArabs in Israel have more rights than Arabs in Arab countriesGAY RIGHTS ( remember that you gay leftists in Canada)women's rightsthe right to be an atheistI rest my case
Yet the good folks in Parry Sound - Muskoka re-elected the fool. Go figure...
THe fact that there are existing pipelines hardly makes it a 'no brainer' that we should have more, does it?I don't get this argument and guess it is just another example of the 2 groups talking part one another.
If these people resort to violence as they have in the past they should be labeled as terrorists and treated as such.
'Divisive politics' that divides Canada from immigrants who don't share our values is AOK with me.
I hate to cause you any shock by not conforming to sterotype, but this bleeding heart liberal is quite content to use the word barbaric in this context. Call a spade a spade.
And in Ontario the Catholic school system......
Much of Question Period is a gong show.
I would rather hear from a prison guard.
'My Dinner With Sandro'.
The CBC has intimidated all the political parties to accept big government socialism including mass immigration. Big government with lots of poor immigrants means that CBC gets a bigger annual pay cheque from the tax payers.
Which one- Flanagan or Kenney?
kdeluca: the declining marriage rate states otherwise.
Likewise it was not an exodus from Europe for a huge population of 'old stock' in Western Canada when Eastern Europeans were lured to settle the west with a contractual agreement of free land.
I think it already is. Clinton, Sanders and the GOP clowns have all commented already.
Krauthammer is a columnist. So is Kristol. Dershowitz is an attorney and law professor. Do you really advocate that conservative columnists should be tried as war criminals? Really?
All of the violence in Kiev came from the government side. It was the government that was killing it's own people. Are you so blind to that fact, or is that type of thing okay in your view?
Obama promised Hope and Change and delivered neither. Where's your angst now?
Hate to go Biblical but isn't there a verse that suggests, if you give a man a fish he has a meal, if you teach him to fish he can live.
Love this rag and use it for my daily entertainment. Heaven forbid anybody would use it to manage their investments or politics. Would never pay for it. Have to be nuts to do that.
Bias and lies are very different things. Bias gives a slant on news. Fake news gives only lies.
The Hard Truth is that there is not one concrete proposal in this article. Smash the Sacred Cows, Ask the Hard Questions, Take Responsibility, Liberal White Guilt... Cliches that play to the crowd. Are you sure you're not a politician Gary?
Nobody has a 'social licence' to commit violence, keith, and certainly not in the dubious cause of degrading our economy.
A passport should be electronic and like a credit card. It's ridiculous we have to wait weeks to get a passport every five years.
Harper will be remembered as a PM who was so disliked that election laws were changed to prevent someone like him from ever forming a government again.
So how was this racist? Only the stupid that can't defend their actions use the race card.
The work day of a typical CEO would make any member of the 'working class' hide their heads in shame !
Trump likely will be.
'Man and Woman are more a like to each other than we are to anything else.'Actually this is absolutely false.
A union economist? LOL! What the frig is that? Great at spending other people's money until it runs out and then asking for a grant to continue?
Tim: Bob Rae was/is part of the problem. He's a Liberal who supports the Senate. He just might want to retire there.
Cynical keeps us sane.
It isn't. Why do you think everyone is talking about election reform?
Nothing? Is this action alone something? Try again?
PatrickOwens economic idiot, silly conservative economic stooge Harper squandered a $14 billion dollar treasury surplus inherited from the LIBERAL Government and ran the federal treasury into deficit.
brilliant post
Try living in Ottawa!!!
I think any woman married to a guy who thought a 35 year old was an old lady would be better off single. Guys like you are actually the reason so many women are single!
Either have moderated comments or no comments at all. There are thousands of places online where people can spew whatever venomous garbage they want. A G&M Comment thread shouldn't be one of them.
An excellent idea. However the only revisionists are the deceivers, and the deception that government and "STATE" can interpret all of the Amendments, rights held by the people, and the Constitution itself, to serve the ends of "STATE".
Fluff, as soft and manageable as JT's hair.
I miss Ross Perot.
Unethical? As opposed to the free airtime and print given to anti-oilsands propaganda?
Apparently Toronto is not the only Canadian city with a 'dense' population. Well done Vancouver!
About the contradictory advice - stop listening to the 'experts' and make sure your kids learn the multiplication tables. Simple ...
Maybe we could all go back and live off the land. Give me a break.
Don't kid yourself: it was all about misogyny, too.
both arguments are inadquate. Without men on the ground from all coalition countries including Canada this effort will only embolden ISIL. Do the job right or not at all.
Galois, I guess you're a glass half empty kind of person? I'm a little surprised that you seem completely oblivious to all the technological changes happening. I think you need to pay a little more attention.
Norm Chateau - d2012 is talking about Rona Ambrose, not Justin.
It is remarkable how excited the liberal free loaders are about taxing the people whom create value, jobs and prosperity. Better than getting off the coach i guess :)
4 - Still giving people flu shots containing Thimerosal. So? There is ample evidence that Thiomersal, in the trace amounts it is in in vaccines, is harmless and there is zero evidence to the contrary.
The only 'idiots' are those who are unable to provide convincing rebuttals and need to accuse others of propaganda.
The ' champagne Liberals ' are back or is it Canada is back?
Education - yes - but not the 'university for all' religion. More support for trades, STEM, and please please please - mandatory business, financial and economic curriculum content in grades 1 - 12 ....
He's in Cuba right now cementing investment deals for Canadian companies.
This is the best endorsement for making completion of the National Household Survey voluntary so far.
Or his face.
Anyone who uses the word sheep like this instantly loses credibility with me.
There are vocational schools with mandatory English courses? lol wut
Please continue to support your charities. The $0.005 her charitable efforts may cost each each taxpayer shouldn't affect your ability to donate where you see fit. Perspective folks.
nice to read an intelligent informed article. For the sake of consistency who not close the posts ?
As truthful as most of your comments, upanddown2.
Lol. Embrace the 21st century and get over the 1600's. My ancestors got stomped on a few times too, I'm not moaning about it.
All of which is to say that your comment has nothing to do with this issue at all.
Complete political gridlock for 4 years.
If you are completely clueless about a topic you probably shouldn't write an article about it.Makes you look like a dolt.
Never heard of prophylaxis?
Or go back forty years and read the report of the LeDain commission.
I'm not referring to the CBC as an entity but what it accomplish in connecting us as an nation.
The West is the least racistdo Middle eastern countries or China or India accept immigrants and refugees who are Caucasian?
Anyone who would quote Rabble has no credibility whatsoever.
can you blame him?
I am upset about that too. It seems short sighted. I hope it was not a deliberate strategy to risk the jobs and homes of this community -- which would certainly please the radical environmentalists.
Good article and (perhaps) good reason to support Quebec's secular charter.
NO, if he reduces the deficit by 12 billion that is money NOT ADDED to the $288 billion DEBT as the LIEberals are planning. Is not money FOUND but money NOT borrowed. I did not think that it was very difficult to understand...
Just as Canadians should usually do the opposite of any Seedy How and the Parson's recommendations, they should assume that the opposite is preferable to essentially all of the mayor's assertions.
formerlyrbfromcalgaryAn insult in a post generally means that the poster does not have a legitimate argument, otherwise the poster would have used it.
"Look to it"? What happened to the pompous "grammar editor", lecturing posters on the importance of the apostrophe? 'Project' much?
No European country has tried multiculturalism on the Canadian model. You should know.
I agree to a point, but alot of this same sort of thing has happened in many North American cities that don't have Montreal's language politics. More often than not it's down to money making masquerading as 'progress'.
And the Green Party solution for higher hydro rates is......? More renewables, right ?
No they don't because Islam only requires women to go around covering themselves up. Quelle Surprise.
rickschlosser.............First Nations have been sustained by west coast salmon for ten thousnd years. Kinda makes your 50-60 years sound puny doesn't it?
'A rising tide lifts all yachts'
Donald and his ilk are the ones who have allowed the game to rigged against the have-nots.
It's interesting to note that a 52% support vote was fine enough to have a territory join Canada (Newfoundland) as a province but it apparently is not good enough for a province to leave.
LMAO, you're using the wild west to educate yourself. You truly are naive.
That's being too kind to Ms Wente
He is characterized as aloof from the press a cardinal sin in a democracy.
Like a lot of UN bodies, its usefulness is to create jobs or provide reason for its existence for the bureaucracy, the consultant industries and NGOs. The mandate of such body is almost an afterthought.
The letter is not a 'mistake' but a deliberate snubbing of the ethical code Flaherty is obligated under oath to abide.----------Proof, please. Or is that simply your opinion? C.
shows you how stupid the voters are-they will vote against their best interests, given a good sales pitch. Harper and his cronies are in the pockets of the Calgary Crowd. Most people don't understand how politics works.
You are incapable of discerning who is 'wrong' because you, like all 'progressives', are enamoured with your solely subjective, ego-gratifying conceptual constructs which you never bother to test against objective reality.
One of the most coherent and sensible articles I've read on this matter. If a cancer patient wearing a head scarf was in her court room, would she throw that person out as well? This judge should indeed be sanctioned and sent back to law school.
Never heard of Pondicherry, have you?
If a few political blunders can sink the movement, then it is ideologically fragile and unlikely to have long-term success (or even short-term). I've never been worried about separatism for just that reason, and most of Canada shouldn't be either.
A bar doesn't equal promiscuous either though, does it? Transitive property breaks down a little there...
Uh, huh. But when the election day nears ?
Chretien sent this country to war.
you do realize the people behind this are people we've been bombing for over a year now right?
EdB1, I assume your tongue is deeply planted in your cheek. Let's see last ten years -Katrina (nough said), Sandy (2nd most expensive Hurricane in US history), record breaking snow falls in New York. And so it goes
So the votes of natives and English Quebeckers don't count? I guess the pur laine only want democracy when it suits them.
A rather long winded plea to keep the hard working mice ( Conservatives) in party and to keep the parasitic cats and lizards ( liberals and NDP ) on the outside -but i cant fault the argument
Nice reminder of how Chr?tien could defend himself. Just like Trudeau Sr. against the bottle throwing separatists. Or Justin beating Senator Brazeau in the boxing ring. Harper ? well ... he was in the closet.
Very well put !
The latter.
Misogyny
These are all good questions, JR.
Miller didn't 'finally manage' a surplus. He ran a surplus every year he was in power. He pretty much had to since the city is not allowed to run a deficit. Go look it up.
And all fish in St. Lawrence river and gulf will vote against separation to please ti-pite.
@gtm - I'm sorry you must have been responding to someone else since your comment does not address anything I said... did you get your $0.50 anyway?
Forget about 'Global Warming'. We need to stop polluting our environment. We not to stop sending poisonous gases into the air. We need to stop dumping all our SH$# into the oceans. After that we can start to worry about global warming.
I read and re-read, the article. But I didn't see any CONCRETE solutions. If FNs could figure out a sustainable plan, AND, stick to it, maybe issues like decent health care and jobs for ALL Canadians could become as newsworthy.
The CPC delivers on their promises. Name one Liberal government that delivered on theirs. (hint you will have to go back pretty far before National Day Care, Scrap the GST, No Wage and Price Controls, No gasoline taxes, etc.)
A 30 billion dollar deficit will take several decades to pay off. And this is just his first year in power. You are either sarcastic, or profoundly uninformed.
lol, fortunately Canadians value the democratic process.
Geez, B Ark - what are you doing spewing your bitterness here? Won't the Harper let you into the convention in Calgary?
I would also be very interested in hearing the editor's response to the Doctor's question. While they should delete offensive comments, the media should not be otherwise editorializing.
REALLY....theconservatives won the 1% vote which by the way is supplying 20% of the tax base if only we had more high school educated people making the economy grow..
Never. --- until his work colleagues lose confidence in him and it affects his livelihood.
'B.C. government unlikely to oppose...' :)Clark came to power on the strength of votes by the Great Misled, and it took a lot of media onside to do the misleading. What wusses.
Junior W Bush was voted out last October.. get with it
Poor Merkel, she couldn't provide any substance. Who will foot that $100 billion bill?
His report called for paring back the public sector (about the same level that Hudak was suggesting).So you're suggesting she change to Hudak's platform, which she used to scare monger everyone.
I strongly endorse these recommendations, and am happy to have more of my tax dollars go here and fewer to corporate subsidies!
America is an amazing place. It can do the right thing in a spectacular way and it pursue whistle-blowers to the end of the earth.
That goes double for you.
Canada is not "one of the world's worst offenders by almost any measure". That's just hippy nonsense.
the neo liberals do not care about western canada at all
Immigrant friendly? Are you kidding me?
Lot's of big dirty money on the Hillary Dem side, don't be so dim.
Dream on...2040???
I have seen it in my alcoholic brother, 'I can't stop drinking, because I've been told I have this disease, and there's nothing I can do about it'.It 'may' be a disease, but there is a risk subscribing to the theory.
Again... NB is Con.... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Alward
All the more reason for them to stay in the middle east so that they can be there when Jesus returns.
Editorial is just more Globe hypocrisy.
Who cares that hack is slim? A slim hack is still a hack.
And, AIB put that utube video back on. Don't give in to the gobies so easily.
Hee Hoo - your grasp of the obvious is amazing.
How many are there, Sheep? Please give me all the stats of which you are aware... number of min wage earners, number who are students, single or married with family, etc. Please advise these stats... clearly you know them.
Pierre Trudeau was the most vile Prime Minister ever.
The voters turned on the Know-it-all, Above-it-alls, represented by people like Obama
Margaret once again says it all, and beautifully. I could not have said it better. Robin M Victoria BC
If this were a Christian writing the same thing, the people lauding her would be all over her as a "reactionary, Harperite Con, sexist, a dinosaur, etc.
Even Joe Clark, the former PC Prime Minister has denied ever being a member of the current Conservative Party. That should say it all
You mean the British VIP paedophile ring involving senior politicians, judges, military top-brass, secret service, senior police officers, entertainers, etc?
And a good comment :-)
Mid - term, against interim leaders. yeah, real strong......
Let's just go ahead and erect the statues of Lenin and Marx in downtown Ottawa. Better yet make it a trio, with Trudeau standing between the two.
I think the word you are looking for is "morality" not "ideology".
So Junior and the dipper guy will solve all our problems?
Harper is the cancer.
David, you're starting to sound a little worried.
I think that is exactly what they are doing.
The West Stide luxury real estate market will improve as soon as Chinese communists officials find new ways to launder their bribes to Canada.
How anyone could vote for Ford a second time is mind boggling. He even makes Harper look good. Yikes!
In 2000 the Liberals changed the Elections Act and they do not accept that the Conservatives can make changes as well.
I heard on the news today that the CONS are down in the polls. NO wonder, given Dear Leader's control freak style of leadership, and his MPs who cannot control their mouths. I dread the thought of Justin Trudough wnning.
Could not off said it any better . Good job thomastoronto.
Monkey, i have to admit i overlooked the "and immigrants" in redrider's comment. Which then makes her comment, tying together of immigrants and refugees in the present context, a deliberate act of obfuscation, rather than an out and out lie.
This is very funny, as 'Quebecers are simply insecure, xenophobic bigots' is a bigoted, xenophobic comment!
and of course you go for the big lie, attempting to conflate measles, mumps and rubella with flu. get lost with that nonsense. enough already.
Some Canadians are more equal than other Canadianssuch asLGBTRefugeesMinoritiesFirst NationsJustinian Principle
'Corporatist'....the lexicon of a follower of Noam Chomsky....one of the dumbest people to ever walk the face of the earth (other than Karl Marx)
Yabut yabut yabut. For the love of Mike, would you people actually present some evidence of Miller's evil ways instead of simply barking it over and over. Yabut Yabut Yabut!
Could you imagine if a man wrote an article like this in the inverse against women? His career would be over, kapoot. Remember David Gilmour saying he preferred male writers? That almost ended his career.
thank you Dr.Freud
In other words, you have no viable counter-point.
No, it's supporting the UN mandate. Crowing about taking the lead in bombing Libya into chaos - that's grandstanding.
gawd... you again. how many times have you posted your pathetic petition this time?
Mei! The Harper Illuminati. Hidden Agenda, Control from the Inner Circle, never mind the Cabinet. Shuffle the Senate to Buffalo. Clear all reports through me first. Mysterious support base (Reform) from certain parts of Alberta.
Mr. Zehaf-Bibeau's video notwithstanding, I still consider him to be a psychiatric case. So he was a psychiatric case who made a video. So what.
I don't care if he is successful or not in rehab. I just want him gone. I am long past feeling compassion for that waste of skin.
Syria's Assad dictatorship is supported by Putin, the KGB madman.
The ethics of ex-journalists is not the same thing as journalistic ethics. And why do you have such a self-righteous hard on for Wente, anyway?
Delusional.
cmcHealth care in the private sector would take care of your suggestion. I'm an old guy. See comments on vets
you're missing that a few subreddits what to hold themselves to higher standards of accuracy. sometimes the sub wants high quality stuff to appear at the top and this being a somewhat free reddit we should respect that. 
It's funny how Wente and other conservatives like to quote science when it suits them yet are disdainful of the real science of climate change. Bring on the oil- forget those pesky environmentalists and their pesky 'science'.
It was still a boxer that attacked. Not a pit.
The same tax breaks are also given to corporate executives and athletes.
or French.
humantarian intervention means nothing to self righteous 'pacifists' of the leftuntill one day they are oppressed and then they will cry 'America, Obama. come save me, send planes, send bombs...'
They will go on having small families. But then, shouldn't we all ?
Martin continues to seek a Senate seat............
Can't get any more Canadian than Kevin O'Leary !Donald Trump is a US$ billionaire who took the initiative to 'run for president' ..Kevin O'Leary is merely a $CAN millionaire who is following Trump's example. I give up .-)
If there so forgiving why I have not heard the end of the "admires China" thing? I see it almost everyday. So enough with the "buried" BS. That is mentioned non-stop.
As usual, Quebec is at the forefront of social change later adopted in the rest of Canada: Public daycare? checkHuman euthanasia ? checkBanning the niqab? checkAs for the niqab, perhaps this is because only Quebec has a culture worth saving?
The UN is sacred and all things Holy to Canadian liberals, never forget it.
Sad, but true. However some of this goes on here amongst the whiny set.
EU leaders are being vengeful. If they try to be too difficult the British spirit of even the 'Remain' voters would stand up against them. So don't count the British out yet.
Invasion of Ukraine, illegal occupation of Ukraine's Crimea, shooting down of MH 17...is that enough for you? (PS At least you know how to spell Kyiv, but then that makes it seem like you are from Ukraine).
I think you did in the last election.
Most of the millennials I know and work with have plenty of life experience. They have kids, hold down jobs, have started companies, are well travelled and well educated. Who are you talking to?
'simpleton conway'...a disappointing comment, ron
More of this, please, and less 'I read another article that I can use to sneer at liberals.' Good stuff.
The forests should look greener this year.
I wonder, do columnists have permissions to remove comments?
'the stern voice of the daughter of God,' John Baird?
Hey Steppe, Now your going to tell Israel don't kill Palistinian people. who the idiot?
Great blog entry.
Nobody is talking about LRT in the core.
nice try but the Foundation itself also said it had not been contacted and that the Con's promise came as a surprise, and that it was "not enthusiastically supporting" the announcement
So, because you are well aware of her, you feel everyone else should? Care to point out this in depth explanation so readily apparent to you?
Nobody expects much intelligence from native leaders and native politicians. It;s like being called a 'poopy pants' by a 4 year old. Consider the source.
I think police departments need to start screening for PED's.
Don't fool yourself... Trudeau is going to find a new way to tax it! All under the guise of protecting the environment.
Sorry, even as a Liberal Party voter I can't agree to compare Mr. Harper to Donald Trump. Harper had some character flaws but he wasn't bats**t crazy like Trump.
I always look forward to this journalists articles and reading the comments as her writings are always discredited, invalidated and refuted with actual facts and logic. It's entertaining but also alarming to realize the standard of journalism
If you have something, aog, let's have it.Otherwise, I'd say it's you who is blowing smoke.
Elizabeth Warren couldn't have put it better.
'World-class news commentary from the most authoritative news source in Canada'=======Unintended comedy is often the funniest.
She did say 'all' aspects of Canadian norms. As long as she likes her Tim Horton's coffee and talks about the weather incessantly, it's all good...
Won't pay for your hair plugs or ere_ctile dysfunction meds eh?bum_mer
. Meanwhile, over at the Justin Trudeau BBQ, 'the cars just keep rolling in .....' .
Horus....go pound sand. Your nonsensical post indicates you have no bloody clue. You have been brainwashed to the nth degree.
The Ontario Liberals had a 9 year audition and somehow Ontario voters saw fit to reward them with a majority after some of the worst mis-mamagement and corruption in memory. I would love to have an explanation on that.
A well argued point. I would however point out that Trump has been at least as vain, arrogant and ambitious as Ms. Clinton for at least as long. It's just that he has been doing that in the private sector.
' really wanted me to be there' hmmmmm !! ??
for the COMFORT and SAFETY of passengersthere should be BIGGER seats for the obesewhether they pay for the bigger seats or all passengers pay is secondarybut no one should have to sit BETWEEN two obese persons and be suffocatedit is a SAFETY issue
Trump is the modern day leader of the 'Know Nothing Party.'
Really Chig2010.....how about an example? I'm not a supporter of either the Alberta PCs or Wildrose, but even the WRA has a female leader.
Yes there are people in the US who read the G&M ... though there may be fewer of them once they read this editorial.
Air power can only achieve what it did in Lybia.
Rob Ford is his own enemy now. Miller's gone. Also Rob Ford can't even go through an interview without his brother being there. I don't see him winning this election, especially if his brother is running his campaign.
Does this piece count towards Hill's 'publish or perish' tenure requirements? Is that why it's being run for days on end?
Wow! What a leap of logic. Positively Olympian!
Beautiful. I have been waiting decades to read this article. Thank you.
This columnist probably thinks Justin is doing a swell job. Promise a $ 10 billion deficit and deliver a $ 30 billion deficit. The tooth fairy won't pay it, Canadians of future generations will have to pay it and the interest.
Yah, so we can all worship at the altar of statism.
What you say is true - but the cost over-runs in Ont. Hydro's nuclear program were more often caused by prov. Lib. government interference ie Darlinton NGS
Progressive seems to have hit the bottle a little early today judging for his past several posts.
All countires which have a white majority are horrible to live in. --------- then why do they come? who is stopping them from leaving?
all of your stats make a brilliant case FOR electoral reform. is that what you intended to do?feel free to wonder all you want about voter's remorse, though.
MacKenna, Perhaps you'd be more comfortable with your fellow travellers on the a boards at the Star. They 'want to keep Canada on the' Left Wing path. C.
This is Canada and unfortunately, we don't seem to want to hold our elites, elected and otherwise, to account. We should be ashamed of what a classist society we actually live in.
They won't be selling them they will be the first on the plane to desert China before the mobs get them. just think the boost iur economy will bet when they all come here with their stolen tax free money!
Stephen Harper has a superficial grasp on reality at best..
There'll be a day of reckoning and when that day arrives it'll be nasty.
I haven't noticed, why isn't is silly?
Dear Rock: Yours is the most intelligent post on this whole subject that I have read. Boffo!
Her point is I want men to like me, really, really like me.
Wow. One comment on this topic? I'm sorry to say it, but Canadians ought be a little more engaged. CAPP's got everyone in the country talking about the past. No one wants to talk about the future. Sad.
consider this again, it is not about HARPER in this human tragedy Harper is a small small player only to partisans of the Left is Harper a big player
Too bad Trumps business record is not as good as his branding.
Sure - you just keep abusing the aboriginal people and bombing Muslims and Asians.
a) someone making 60 grand the govt. swallowing 50% off the top b) Fill your car's gas tank and half of your payment goes to tax. i call bs on both of these figures. credibility shot.
Except that this is the Globe and Mail.
This woman's reasoning is so specious as to make her unreadable.
Whenever I see this sort of statement made I think of Zimbabwe. When the British left it could feed itself, now it cannot. Were most of Zimbabwe's problems caused by the British or the government of Zimbabwe?
Rock Doctor....you willing to put money down that the video is fake?
How about the criticism of the government's actions? Do you agree that the Harper government is undermining democratic norms?
Yes, Casandra, and left 22 senate vacancies open. There's never been a PM who left ONE vacancy go begging, let alone 22. Chretien appointed Jim Munson - ever so qualified - just hours before the end of his term. So what's your point? C.
Focussing on 'oil' versus 'tar' as a word is just an attempt to deflect from the issues. Sad, really.
Its like all other taxes-temporary.
I don't know, he did a decent enough job considering what a bunch of whining babies we Canadians are.
also am not a conservative but a much bigger helping of Conservatives like Hugh Segal please and let's show Harper and his ilk the door !!
rightio P111, if X does slime, then cons can do slime. lets all be the lowest slime together.
"Canada" should be replaced by "Trudeau" in your comment.
I see that when you posted your support for burkinis at the beach, you weren't expecting to seem them on your beaches. Face coverings and religious headgear haven't affected your city at all.
We need competing dispute arbitration and resolution agencies free from the monopoly legal system.
Progressive, your criticism is valid, which is why in the second study reported on in Sanders' article they did have interpreters.
Personal attacks, offensive language and unsubstantiated allegations are not allowed. I have hit 'Report Comment' for Comment by Black Swan on my Art Campbell 1 day ago. It could be that the post was made to the wrong comment. It is irrelevant.
GWB was a useless idiot. I'll take Obama over GWB.
Mark Shore, wow and this guy wrote this crap? Incredible it was so long before he was uncovered.
Yakabuski accomplishes the near impossible and writes a column that makes me defend Rand Paul. How dare you accuse Paul of being paranoid while you defend secret spying on an entire nation. Just who is the paranoid one in this equation? What a joke.
I thought Margaret Wente was supposed to be the funny one! HaHa & LOL!
Dynamic duo of dumbness. I like it.
Reading reasons is always a good thing to do before making your mind up.
Great column, Ms. Gagnon.
Well, no, since the 'D' in PhD is 'doctor'. Doctor means 'teacher', not 'physician'.
Yep, that's sanctimonious, Sanctimonious.
This piece reminds me of a Liz May Press Gallery Dinner speech. You know it is supposed to be funny but it isn't.
It's hard to believe that someone in a law school is making these arguments. And that was even before I read the excellent comments on here.
Hint: Using teaparty catch-phrases like 'the Media Party' is probably not a good idea if you want to convince anyone other than Vic Toews.
Unacceptable behaviousr has nothing to do with consensual nocternal activities; but everything to to with non-consensual activities, all of which are perversions.
For those of you that don't live in BC and follow their politics. The BC Liberals are actually separate from the Federal Liberals and are considered to be a right of centre or Conservative Provincial Party.
Wynne enlisted David Dodge to help with forming a committee to enact a pension plan. He slammed Harper on not expanding the Cpp. CBC the House interviews him.
Might explain why scientists, who are trained to use deductive reasoning, tend to be liberal!
Thank You Stephen Harper.
Right back at you about the left wing trolls.
No one is given anything ese. You have to earn your supper
The many French immigrants to the UK seem to prefer to speak English.
Larry, please, go back to writing about politics. Sentimental articles about great hockey players you have seen is really not that interesting.
I think Canada should bring here only the people who could adopt easily to the system here, Like Syrian who are Christens, Educated (because they know English), and have family in Canada.
It was David Suzuki!
Intra Company Transfer abuse is rampant. When will this government enforce the existing roles?
The EU was an economic failure. Its members would have all been better on their own.
Sure. For starters, not everyone in Japan sees the suicide problem as a problem.
The Mayor of Montreal isn't saying anything the Premier of BC wasn't.
Ontario Liberals are not BC Liberals.
'Our southern neighbour has a more dismal record.'When Canada has an influx of 11M-12M illegals to contend with, 40% of the entire population of Canada you will have a valid point.
Lot of conjecture in that post.
'Intervention chill' is a euphemism for 'thinking twice before going to war.' Face it, Mr Yakabuski: We like going to war. That's why we do it so frequently. It makes us feel purposeful and manly. Three cheers for intervention chill.
Where's shaunnarine1's comment, which led the Highest Score thread earlier this morning? The New York Times readers consider his comments worth recommending. Have the Globe monitors decided he's being un-Canadian with his observations?
Agree about the meetings. My organization holds a LOT of them. Occasionally they're needed, but I find the informal 10-minute chat over an important matter accomplishes much more.
Call for Gaius Cassius. Nuremburg on line 1.
The shaved heads and the all black military gear contribute to the poison mindset that exists within the force.
And why do you think the private clinic can see you right away? It's because the public system has become diluted by the private system, and money talks. This means the health care system it is not equally accessible to everyone.
Idle No ore is winning votes for Harper every day that it goes on...What a bunch of tools... shooting themselves in the foot again..
Says the guy commenting on a story in the GM.
On the contrary. I think MVP10 is rather understating the case. Al Capone wasn't trying to mess with the democratic principles of an entire nation, but just think what might have happened if he did, and was allowed to get away with it.
Just shake their hand and kick their behinds into school like any good PM does
Not to mention the free university sanders was offering. These kids are oblivious to who will actually foot the bill.
Hilarious. Well done.
Maybe you better keep a close eye on the nuclear subs sitting off the coast of Canada and the US. So who should take who out? Idiots who propose WW3 as you do should hopefully be the first in line to go. Maybe on the end of the A-8.
@skybot Yet you read and commented on the article. Not have anything better to do with your time?
It seems to err on the right.
IF ONLY... Harper AND his conservatives ... cared 'a little bit' about the kind of planet they will leave to their kids, and grand-children ... JUST DREAMING !!!!!!!!!!!!
This wasn't just callous. This was downright reptilian.
There are many serious dangers on and/or caused by the internet. 'Government surveillance' by agencies trolling for Al Qaeda is not on my top 100.
The federal government IS living up to the treaties. It is the FN themselves who break them with impunity ALL THE TIME.
No, men are never accountable for their own actions.
Not much. Oh yes I forgot, we will be able to buy a six pack at the grocery store within two years. Much better.
The Harper Harpies' propaganda is still very strong, Doug. Give it time - Harper will eb vindicated as reality re-estabishes itself.
Ya, just like the greedy unions almost destroyed and bankrupted the economy in 2008......no......wait, that was the greedy bankers and politicians... nevermind.
'Former Liberal stalwarts like .... Ujjal Dosanjh'Huh? You mean the same Ujjal who was head of the BC NDP ???
Thank you for your slanted history lesson. Now what do you suggest the West do regardless of how we got here?
Should we be afraid when an evangelical Christian says 'God bless' fifteen times in every conversation? This is the rough equivalent.
Wynne and the Liberals scare me with the mismanagement of finances and scandals... do you want four more years of this?
Tabitha, you nailed this one.
By far, the most useful commentary on this subject in a very long time. One can only hope that it will strike the right chord with those who need to hear it the most.
Well Anne, that service can help them with the mail now.
I take it that is a vote for Mulcair and the NDP candidate :-)
You have winners and losers. Not everyone can be a winner.
Kevin O'leary Plays right in to the premier's hands. He may be loud. By She is much smarter then Kevin could even dream of being.
What a wonderful evening. Congratulations President Trump!!!
Exactly, most are happy to be here. In fact, many Muslims moved her to get away from the mess the extremists have made of their own countries, and are appalled to find the latter are being defended here!
Harper truly looks weird in that interview. A kind of kewpie-doll look. Like he's wearing a mask or like those puffed up Hollywood faces. Striingly, like Jack Lemmon in "Some Like It Hot". What does it mean?
Yep. KY has generated his revenue for the month.
What does it 'suck?'
Phew!!! All this corruption makes me tired!!!!This from Forbes. com...detailing some of the scandals over at 'ye ol' Turtle Bay'Be warned... it's, um, a rather lengthy read. www.forbes.com/2009/01/14/iran-undp-board-oped-cx_cr_0115rosett.html
You're right. Same-sex marriage was a disaster for Canada. Oh wait, it had no affect whatsoever.
Explanation....do whatever radical SPIRITUAL surgery that you need to, to remain untainted by a lost and dying world. The verse in no way means to actually remove one's eye. Hello !!??
We can thank Trudeau for the policy changes of immigration
Didn't anybody send a copy of this report to Trudeau? http://www.rcmp-grc.gc.ca/pubs/mmaw-faapd-eng.pdf
How many billions has China invested in the Oil Sands, providing tens of thousands of high paying jobs in Canada?
That's a strong argument there MaryAnn66!
... or petrified into Stone Canyon.
You can likewise ask whether Ontario will pony up 1% of its resource revenues and ban 'human activity' from 50% of its land area?
By definition, only some contribute and only some reap the benefit, and those who benefit most do so because they have contributed the least.
"Amazing. I read on the interweb that Billary has never lied and Donnie is really a Vietnamese hermaphrodite." Yep, the Interweb never lies....and apparently, neither does Hillary.
our PRIMO deserves the Nobel prize and recognition from the Pope and Mother Terreza
Mark is obsessed with, but more accurately jealous of, Wente. He will complain no matter what appears. However, in the case of this column, yes, it is pretty poor.
Harper knows that most Conservatives are stupid people, so he plays them like a fiddle. That old fogey who called Lori Graham of CTV a 'piece of .....' is quite typical of the ignorant Conservative base.
The point ws that this is marginal to having a sales tax.
If nothing else, Trump has brought bigotry out of the shadows, and made bigots feel good about themselves. What a guy!
Of course it is... Rob Ford. The media is out to get you. You know by telling the truth adn facts and stuff.
Your comments about being behind in core subjects has been proven wrong.
G&M is now a propaganda machine. Shame.
Tuesday, July 26LA Times/USCGeneral Election: Trump vs. Clinton Trump 47, Clinton 40 Trump +7Even the pro-democrat LA Times has Trump up by 7
You know steve_d1, most people grow out of that 'engineers vs arts students' thing by the time they graduate. It's a common theme with you.
Are you more entrepreneurial than MacDonald and most business owners?
In my experience most people leading the movement against feminism are men who resent women's increasing influence or women who are religious or come from less educated families.
TR, you read me wrong: 'difference between MARIAGES of persons of the same sex(cannot procreate), vs persons of different sex(can procreate)' In Canada, you cannot marry between people who are related. Incest is not part of my statement.
Vancouver is no New York. Trust me, I've lived in both.
Pence behaved like a gentlemanhis voice was calm and soothingKaine was unruly and uncouthinterrupted constantlyif he did not know betterhis debating coach should havehe was very much like Justin in the election debatesdownright rude
Vote for Stein then. Just don't vote for the illegally-elected Democrat nomination whose party rigged their election process to steal it away from Bernie Sanders.
I agree 100%. Didn't Newfoundland also achieve this?
I believe the author has hit the nail on the head. The Indian Act and the reserve system have turned the native youth into zombies. It's time to eliminate this system.
You bet he is. I think Canada is too.
A few years ago you liberals thought Obama the Messiah. Now he is lumped in with Harper who you all love to hate. HAHA
How do you legislate somebody back to work when they are not on strike. They walk from the table during the negotiation process. Uninformed indeed imperatone, get off your high horse and think before you hit reply.
Nor can any of those thumbing down my post. Telling.
I'm guessing that a teachers let's a student know when they award and deduct a point, just like you're guessing that they do not.
Rather then give the benefit for kids age 7-12 they'd be better off doubling the benefit you get from age 0-6. That (and university years) are when you need it most by far.
Mrs Nemat, if you decide to move, Quebec would probably welcome you with open harms.
Dad, as he undoes his belt to deliver a (much needed) swat: go ahead and call them, son... the Liberals haven't made good on their vow yet!!
So you want to save democracy by destroying democracy? Why not just outlaw the Conservatives and the NDP and the Greens and anyone who disagrees with Trudeau and be done with it?
Her story is just as truthy as his. A liberal yin to balance out a conservative yang.
Well done, once again. And as someone who knows firsthand how rare it is to get just a dozen or two up-votes in the Times, my congratulations fot the success of that comment.
I know what you mean. That's how I feel when I've been GeekPartied!
Thank you William. Could you say more about why you think a multi-party system would be a tragedy?
It's because misguided environmental lobbying leads to poor policy decisions.
...because Justy promised it during the campaign?
Which still begs the question, why don't the liberals cancel & renegotiate the contracts. Unless there are politicians who have a vested interest in seeing the current contracts remain in place.
Artster talks about black and white......as if he isn't. What a laugh.
no fool like an old fool
Fairest, I'm looking forward to a post from you that contains a single fact. Facts are verifiable statements that typically contain numbers and sources that one can check. I'm sure you can do it! Just one fact - go for it!
Obvious though it may seem, there may be some who don't realize that your post is directed to 'whistlin' past the graveyard' Dixie, not Rio.
The laughs just keep on coming.
Nuclear power is really the only practical solution to create emission free power.
You better check the frantic kooks at the manning conference and the polls shoopster. Your tea party wannabes are going to lose. The mainstream is rising from its media induced slumber.
With your 'Cultural Marxism' rant, you are basically regurgitating a right wing extremist conspiracy theory, produced back in the mid-1980s by American paleo-conservatives, now rebranded as alt-right white supremacists.
Breitbart- are you serious?
Actually, Igor, it's a good thing that MGTOWs are removing themselves and their hatred of women from the gene pool. They won't be missed. Trust me on this.
For the real gambler there's the Mixer Mortgage. It comes with legal help for a co-ownership agreement... https://www.vancity.com/Mortgages/TypesOfMortgages/MixerMortgage/
10% of us???? Is that 10% of the tin foil hat brigade? We trust the MSM far more than any loopy far right source.
No one should be told who to vote for.
well Ailina, I didn't yell FHRITP either, yet we're painted with the same brush
What, pray tell, has all of the bombing over the past months, accomplished? From the look of the world today - absolutely nothing.
They are taking far to long to release a policy
They should call it... Younger Men!
Most cottagers I know take bottled water...
Not as ugly as the crime scene Richard. Something tells me you'd be barfing for days if you had to attend on one. Himmler did when he got brains splashed on his shoes from the only mass execution he attended.
You nailed it. This editorial is an intellectually dishonest travesty.
The Daesh recuiter screw, 'She tells them that the hardest part is leaving home' No, the hardest part starts when you get to 'Caliphate'. Have fun tossing your life away idi0ts.....
How is having a toke any different than having a beer when you get home from work? I couldn't care less that Trudeau Jr. did this.
You may be the only posting here who cares.
Hysterics like the US military seem to think it's a game-changer:http://www.newsweek.com/pentagon-report-us-military-considers-climate-change-immediate-threat-could-277155
Are you serious Jeffrey? Comparing a disgraced President to the most effectual Prime Minister of our lifetime. Shameful.
They are swearing an oath to the Queen of Canada not to the Queen of England as the Head of the Church of England, two separate titles and an important distinction.
As one very wise elderly Iranian gentleman of long experience once said to me, 'Freedom dies in the small places first.'
PKP sounds like something Rob Ford would be looking to buy from one of his dealer buddies.
A powerful comparison, ABC. But doesn't Wild Rose pose the threat of even worse resource management ?
don't worry you will forget when your flight is
Most posters here should cut and paste their comments and save them for the budgets of 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018...
And Greece and Italy and Austria.................
Yes, we can learn a lot from the ferry sinking and that spoiled airline exec who made the plane turn back because the peanuts were in a plastic bag.
Indians in Canada tend to do quite well... usually within a year or two of arriving from India.
...interesting. So what do we do with hockey?
Really and have you read Human Rights Watch report on the good old United States?
You've already said that we shouldn't let just anybody have military weaponry. Try to be consistent. ...
For viewers like you.
good piece... thanks
People making $15/hour are not the middle class.
Which names have you heard of? Brittany Spears?
Be careful what you wish for. I'd like to see the make-up of the non-voters.
Agreed. The stocking up approach only works for non-perishables.
Especially given reports that the Hudak endorsement, in particular, was dictated from on high by the Editor-in-Chief over the objections of the Editorial Board.
'Politicians can?t be entitled, but the public sure can be.' Great line and all too true!
Rochdale and Zman: together again. Ain't love grand?
Don't insult the IQ of squirrels ! A graduate of our education establishmment will do .-)
You're too young to really understand this article
The MSM's claims Trump did something racist without proof is a hate crime. MSM will soon learn that their words have consequences in a Court of Law.
Mason finally writes an unbiased column, and the right-wing fascists want to shoot the messenger..........typical.
Asinine column Ms. Wente. Chock full of bias, straw men and appeals to populariy. STVis a much more democratic method. Look it up. Educate yourself.
Kevin O'Leary is pompous and nothing but a 'smoke blower'.... His financial track record is not quite as successful as he makes out. He's blown lots of people's wealth away over the years.... Check out his track record on Wikipedia....
Maybe being in the same neighborhood as terrorists is what is causing these people distress... not the drones.
Ontario will reap what Wynne sowed............
widely acknowledged: it was a coerced confession that would not stand up in any legitimate court of law. question: why was khadr "tried" in cuba rather than in the usa? (hint: the american constitution...)
And jealousy is not a virtue.
In my very humble opinion Margaret Wente is just a start ....it should be Margaret's GONE. The puff nonsense with Conrad Black just kind of put the candle on the cake.
I'd have to agree with you. I think parade organizers should have stepped back, waited it out and let the crowds get good and fed up and angry with them for blocking the parade rather than give into them.
remove all public sectors and then it might be the 1%'r.
Don. 62% voted against teh NDp and 73% voted against the LIberals. Your point exactly?
Less than 1% per year can't really be considered mass immigration
Mel, The world is swinging left, baby. Heeeyeahhhhhawwww!!!!! First we take Ottawa then we take Moscow!!! Power to the people!!!! The people united will never be defeated!!!!!!!!!!!! Hoooo Hawwww!!!!!
Webbie, you are the problem now go away
You're likely right... but will there be any evidence?
I think Marlon's correct... Justin can host a Summer Camp where everyone can sing Kumbya and feel the need to understand why people blow up arm and legs....
Regrettably Hitler was and remains right about this,'How fortunate for governments that the people they administer don't think.'Adolf Hitler
So you're lobbying for what exactly?
He has a policy?
Brilliant reply. It's not really a comment; it's a statement. A statement with which every Canadian should agree.
These 'oh it's so obvious' editorial endorsements ring ominously similar to the Brexit vote. And we may wake up in November and be surprised.
Well, a beautiful truthful feature! Nice move to encourage another article, LOL.
You seeMonkey.. there were no free elections because Castro was able to predict the results and it wasn't in his favour. Sounds like electoral reform in Canada.
The problem with this, as I see it , is that it emboldens pedophiles and child porn consumers. I think we, as a majority are better off if the pedophiles and consumers of child pornography are not so comfortable
Agree, they once again Europe (Germany) socialized the loss just like GM, Ford, AIG.
Sad but true, Harper's probably the best we've got. Sad.
Sorry this is badly written.
Just us suckers boz.
He used his retirees in Spain to make a point, but was so off base it needs to be pointed out.
You are so wrong in what you say.
Chinese money is pouring in to Australia. Far more than is coming in to Canada. The effect is only so great in Vancouver because it is a relatively small city. The amount of money going in to SF or LA dwarfs the amount going in to Vancouver.
Manitoba's public sector is even bigger, and the NDP even friendlier with the unions, yet Greg "I won't raise the PST"' Selinger's approval is 17%. I don't buy that explanation.
Silly comment. Canada is the envy of the world. That we have a voice that doesn't follow like a sheep scares you.
If they want to be known as an opposite to what they look like, maybe they should wear a sign, rather then having the rest of the world guess.
Doug, is that you?
Yes Mary - we wouldn't want to balance the budget too soon would we?? Federally the budget is actually balanced now and will be in balance in 2015.
You can't spell, or write a sentence in English, but you can explain the intricacies of climate change. Sure, I take you seriously.
Don't like our universal health care system move to the States pal and go write for a US paper.
I have friends who attended law school with Ezraand I know him peripherally Bright , belligerent , biased and opinionated yes'dorky'............no
You have to admit the man is two faced. Witness the Alberta comments. He is above personal embarrassment.
Baloney. I have photos. it is bad for sure, but I have seen may sunny days, more in Shanghai than Beijing
Why is it that we need to acknowledge stupid people who say or do stupid things? By doing so we only give them the relevance they seek - which they do not deserve. Just ignore these people (this includes rob ford)
Right on the U.S. has always repressed central america and Cuba. Can anyone rationally think the U.S. should keep Guantanamo? Repress land reform. Overturn Guatemala and Nicaragua . Viva chiquita banana.
You say that like it's a bad thing.
Does honest analysis disturb you this much ? "Therefore, Conservative Leader Stephen Harper?s boast that Canada was an ?energy superpower? was, and remains, pure bombast. " OHhhh....say it isn't so...........!
God, that's nasty.
The City of Toronto is geographically 7 times larger than Zurich. How the hell would that work?
Other than elected politicians - does anyone in the place actually have a full-time job?
Guest_989 I am usually critical of your posts but certainly not this one. That was well written and I agree. Well done.
Naomi Klein never held a positive impression of Hugo Chavez. So, please quit while you're ahead. No one did except despotic regime leaders from banana republics. https://www.theguardian.com/world/2003/feb/18/venezuela.pressandpublishing
I take it that Gardiner you think just exists by itself?
>>Canada is showing support to Poland, a nation that was raped by both the Nazis and the SovietsAnd where was Canada when Poland was invaded by the USSR? Canada was an ally of the Soviet Union and supported the invasion.
Her Shrimp Cocktail could not handle the Jostling in the Stair well!
Hard to believe there are so many idiots in one country!
C'mon, man. A group of frat boy engineers from the University of Ottawa could take care of that on a slow night. Looks like the law of diminishing expectations is beginning its reactionary work.
In the absence of anything useful and intelligent to offer, you attack the messenger. That speaks for itself.
Ironic how someone that goes by the handle ProVeritas doesn't seem to actually be able to handle the truth.
That is what everyone thought when the Liberals held power for so long with less than 50% of the vote. I guess we will stay unhealthy when either the Libs or NDP get in with less than 50% this time.
not sure how much she makes... wasn't in the article... may be she needs a little budgeting advice....I'm wondering how someone could really that upset about paying a dollar for fire service.
Here's a safe investment: solar by rail. Silicon panels don't blow up. Let's try investing in some.
Just like white undocumented white people who stole Canada from the First Nations. LOL
Stackhouse is ruining this paper.
You have to mean, even if it 'were'......
Based on your comments, Trump is going to do what Jr. Potato did to Harper. Get rid of all policies possible.
Will you educate me?
Will no one rid us of this turbulent Prime Minister?
What watch are you on?
How would fewer players reduce fund fees? That would be a perfect opportunity to raise them. Anyway, you can get cheap ETFs rather than expensive mutual funds. Alternatives do exist.
I wonder what this idiot thinks he means by 'liberal'.
You may be the total d-bag. While Obummer made sure to kill our Canadian oil industry he bragged about that during his time as potus he oversaw the building of enough oil pipelines in the US to encircle the earth.
That campaign never ran on TV or anywhere in the media. Harper did put soldiers in the streets. You should have been in Toronto for the G20. You would have seen them.
The right to vote is not connected to paying taxes.
Bush Jr. invaded Iraq because Paul Wolfowitz, Richard Perle, Douglas Feith, and Elliott Abrams told him to. They explained it to him in works of not more than two syllables each.
He is running for the Highest office in our Land, and states that He will ignore the Law... that's Liberal apoligists at their best!
You added it up the best.
What are 'environmental taxes' ?
i've read about this lately and tend to agree with you steve. to me it seems like the best of both worlds.
Your attitude, Mr Smarty Pants, if carried over into law, would violate my human rights.
Please don't present me with facts, I'm more easily influenced by opinion.
Tell me 'just tom' and 'you cant handle the truth' What bothered you more, my words or the fact that there is censorship/monitoring of Replies?
Exactly. Uninformed comment.
More importantly to be Canada's head of state you must have greater loyaLty to another country ,the UK.Sounds kinda crazy to me.
When it is time to eat your article, I would suggest accompanying it with Stubb BBQ sauce, it's really good.
Quebec Liberal which is essentially PC.
See if you can explain why she's wrong... maybe you'll find you can't.
Even if he attains office, I think the chances of Trump serving a full term are near zero. He is almost guaranteed to be impeached before long.
@MatrySome of the comments on that site are pretty funny, some sad and others are ludicrous. How do you feel about 50 shades of grey?
When we have bilateral trade talks with the United States, do we invite Mexico?
...and will be be paid his pension while drawing a parliamentary salary (should he win a seat)?
'Canada should move beyond strong rhetoric and take the lead, proposing a summit of North American and European leaders aimed at concluding a coherent strategy to secure the Alliance?s energy future.'Thank you!
Dispiriting? I'd say those numbers for the Tories gladden the heart of the majority who want a change in government.
Harper has this wonderful ability to terribly divide Canadians and place Canada and Canadians in a constant state of turmoil, distrust and upheaval. Harper is equal parts George Bush and Dick Cheney....now ain't that a toxic cocktail.
Uber drivers also need to hold commercial auto insurance. Not cheap.
I wonder if there were a lot of selfies in the report ...
wow! Ms Renzetti sees evil being perpetrated in Syria. I did not know that there was trouble in the middle east until she wrote of it! Good on her for putting on her big girls clothing and is actually writing something of substance.
Or to jump on a plane to fly to join a protest against pipelines, upgraders, etc.
Far too much critical thinking .....
@ Goober. Let me repeat. There is NO PENSION. The business will be the pension if I can keep it alive. I am amazed by wrong assumptions on both side of this issue I guess.....
We all know what Loretta Lynch and her lapdog FBI are going to with any evidence they get in their hands. The only source of information that matters moving forward is Wiki-leaks.
Isn't this the journalist who regularly pooh-poohed the notion that we need to take measures to deal with climate change?
Good for them. One of them will get my vote.
It was a prison murder that took place. Until this goes to court, who knows the circumstances? Was it self defense? Was Mr. Capay taunted and threatened on a daily basis?
Police? even if trueis taking cocaine a crime or just selling it?
Crimea is not occupied. It joined Russia and is now a constituent part thereof.
Obviously you have never worked with him. Being a bully is not classy.
LOL! Got your countries mixed up?
Hindu, buddy, you have a knack of inferring things others do not say. This does not make for a good argument.
Suddenly Trudeau's eco-sphere has become a lot smaller. Big daddy is packing his bags.
[ People of Ontario didn't have the stomach ] Probably a result of dying from explosive diarrhea when he outsourced drinking-water safety to amateurs.
What a sophisticated counter argument
So, that makes you feel good? More insecure work. More people unable to invest in their future, not knowing if they will have a pay cheque next week.
I like Bernie too but the last time I checked he has a one in a thousand chance. while Trump on the other hand has a better than average chance to become president!
Whatever! Perhaps Sarah Kendzior should attempt to analyze by very few people are attending Hillary's appearances?
To M1717- Your ignorance of Alberta is hilarious. Oh well, if you ever become knowledgeable of Alberta you might still be welcome here..
Your life is rough, eh?
... G & M ....
What have you done! Your comment section used to be the most visually attractive. Now the print is light grey and everything blends together. It's like reading a textbook and not worth the trouble.
These numbers are indeed nonsense and are not backed up by stats Canada. The article is catering to the massive number of BA holders in the GTA that constitute its readership.
Nothing like ignorance and racism all blended together in one mish mash. You certainly sound like a Harperite.
Balanced reporting as far as the Clinton groupies go.....especially EEElectric banana
Talk about flaring... drive between Red Deer and Calgary about 1 am...on a clear cold December night... land of a million flare lites...
What you're implying is that it would be okay if these immigrants were white. That way they wouldn't cause 'racial strife' right?
Another bandwagon ride with Lysiane xenophobe Gagnon. As if no Quebecois could have ideas that don't fit the mold. And Lysiane is true to herself finding another topic on self-destruction eh! What a princess eh!
no sweetheart, they're going to slowly buy up everything you own, settle your lands and put you to work in factories and you'll be cheering them on
And Harper had what governing experience and did what outside of politics? And his first real job was ...... ? Sorry, but you seem to have invalidated your argument with your own argument.
Is there something racist about screening immigrants? If so, what?
Is that you, Pierre Poutine?
Wade22 - if you are neither a Liberal or a CON then you must be OMG a Dipper. Actually I had a lot of time for Rae whether he was an NDP Premier or a Liberal Cabinet Minister. One of the few with some substance.
People were so made in Alberta they voted for the smiling NDPers!!! if we get a federal NDP, Alberta WILL be in a recession for years, remember, NDP, NO to pipelines and No to OILSANDS!!!
So only Muslims rape and sexually abuse others. Ever heard of Mount Cashel?
'Martyr' Muataz Washaha, 24, was affiliated with the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine. He ignored calls to leave his hideout and surrender. Two others surrendered and are still alive.
I have studied the issue, as much as a layperson can. There is enough credible dissent out there to give me pause. There is no comfort or displeasure to be found in reaching a conclusion different than your own: just a little healthy skepticism.
Right. And 'we' might do the same to you, one day, even though you'd scream, 'but I'm innocent, I tell you! I' m innocent!' Sure... and a liar to boot. Think about it.
Your comment crystallizes why the 'conservatives' are not not viewed as the most accommodating or inclusive.
And it's Jerry Springer - not a Cirque - experience .-)
No manarchists are funnier.
Of course 'all thy sons' should be dropped. It's 2016.'All of us,' though, is not very poetic 'All our hearts' is better: True patriot love in all our hearts command.
For me, Harper and I finally agree on something.
Mr Black did indeed redeem his reputation. Only it wasn't the part of his reputation he had intended to redeem.
The wee little problem they mostly have, is feeding the children.
That's always easy - there is no content!
Two Russians in denial that they have no rooted history to Crimea and Kyiv Rus.
Speaking of discrimination; when are you and 99.99% of journalists going to stop anglicizing 'beautiful little' AYLAN's name? Talk about appropriation of the poor little fellow by the mindless press and politicians.
Your not alone!
Well, you call yourself a truthbender, and not without reason.
@Reality77 - Please define "elites" and explain why it is bad to be one.
To try to get the present ruler of North Korea to lighten up is a lost cause.
Super Hornet! Super Hornet! Cheaper, more capable and as others have pointed out, more appropriate to Canadian needs. You don't need a stealthy airplane unless you're planning to invade somebody. Are we, Stevie?
The three monkeys at the Toronto zoo are watching the purse, see no evil, hear no evil, say no evil. We are going ..down , down, down in a burning ball of fireOntario is the pizza handout capital of Canada. Got a contract ,,,get free pizzas.
Yak and shame? That would be funny.
Mr. Baird needs to put his money where his mouth is. The prime minister loves to use aggressive rhetoric, kind of like a kid standing behind his dad, i.e. Uncle Sam. Tone down the rehtoric and act. Walk softly and carry a big stick.
According to Mr. Harper he is not wrong. He is ideologically right!
The only real evil whites in the mix are the progressives. They built the welfare states that made the recipients dysfunctional.
Ridiculous
You make a great argument for increased funding for the CBC.
I don't think this hurt Duffy's reputation at all
The old broom closet vet abuser is laughable, a well known idiot around the globe.
Correction please. Last paragraph. BC voters did not reject changing the voting system. The referendum was approved by over 57% of the votes, but that fell short of the 60% bar set to make the result binding. (Wikpedia 'BC-STV')
Ask the Liberals why we import Saudi oil and not use Alberta oil, they seem to be like Harper lite.
MG-TD, Really? Then he should have a stuffed Snoopy and maybe an Elmo doll for the new King of Saudi Arabia.
Hey argyle5663, Yes they need to examine the reasons but more importantly, they must examine themselves and they reason they are attracted to this unconscious abusive behaviour. Until they change, we will not tolerate them doing this to us again.
I suspect Truth B.Known wear a moustache and will be the partition ruler! You're such a democrat when situation does not please you eh!
Praising trophy hunters for supporting conservation is like praising mobsters for building community centres.
Yet the 'small government is good' Stephen Harper had 40 ministers.
You sound very much like someone who'd think anyone to the left of Vlad the Impaler is a far-left socialist. The Ontario Liberal party is not even remotely socialist, with their penchant for selling off and privatizing public assets and utilities.
Wow Ron, aren't you just a chirper person this morning. The topic is child care and my point is whether or not we can afford it. Your ramblings and labelling speaks more about you than anything else. What other hate messages do you have?
You cannot understand what he has said in this article. As long as Assad is there, Syria would continue to attract religious fundamentalists. The alternative to ISIS is not Assad. Assad and ISIS are complementary.
That's what I heard as well and it matches Obama's discussion on anti-terrorism tactics.
lets not lose our freedoms... over a citizenship oath...
War on Climate Change? The defence contractors make more money with real war and who is more important - well defence contractors.
'Their passion remakes our country '-----You got that right. By the time they are done with it you won't recognize it.
I am little puzzled why most of the refugees seem to be very fit looking young men. Why is that? I could think of a few reasons.
Excellent post !I have used the terms ( and posted ) ' Recycled academic Incest ' ...
I don't recall microprocessors needing subsidies. Ontario is broke and its subsidies are partly to blame. They would be better off if they had ignored "green" energy and focused on maintaining their nuclear power plants better.
You are hilarious.
'I support every single social issue ...'- As they say, there has never been a new spending program the NDP didn't support or a proposed spending reduction they didn't oppose
Did you just compare the most Pro-Israel Gov't this country has ever had to Nazism?
'so people from diametrically opposite cultures are forced to assimilate.'Yeah, because disrespecting people's heritage has worked so well in other countries, LOL.
That's entirely true. They should get 37% of the seats in Parliament, not a "majority" government. I don't understand why defenders of FPTP can't grasp this simple idea.
Or just maybe the guy knows how to walk and chew gum at the same time.
The bigger question is if you think it's 'crap', why do you bother reading a it and commenting on it?
Tomorrow: How to explain Donald Trump to your children without traumatizing them.
Because the rot goes well beyond that one company.
Torture should never be considered. Nothing, nothing resulted from the American reaction to terrorism, which has become typical of them, I'm afraid, as they use brawn over brains.
Just don?t ask too many difficult questions. And then he asked!
Typical liberal sense of entitlement---- could we expect anything else from a party that spawned ADGATE. There will be much more to come.
the racists doidnt bother to vote back then. This time around they voted while the others didnt bother.
Do you work for Brita?
If nothing else, this shows that Hillary has one side that she favours most
Progressive pope? That is an oxymoron if I have ever heard one.
Long past due for the next Ontario Government to go nuclear with the teachers' unions and ZAP them!!!
Has it ever occurred to you that young men and women are full of hormones and biologically in their prime sexually?! It's the best place/time to find a mate!
Even worse, it doesn't even get all the mandatory 'payments'. The government skims money off the passenger screening fees.
but maybe one should
Do men get gang raped at parties when they pass out?
and this caused a mental derangement so severe as to culminate in serial killing?
yep obama has done the damage, but the gop president next year can begin to fix it
I have no idea what you are talking about.
Our Canadian press are to stupid to actually know why Trumps ratings are so high. Plus, they've been to busy kissing Justine's butt, they haven't had time to look up.
They are still looking for the (cue the scary music!)....Hidden Agenda!
The data says otherwise.
Diane Marie. He was wrong.
And you media types certainly haven't helped. You are also complicit in what is and has been happening w/you biased journalisim and hysterical headlines
Didn't Hillary Clinton vote for the Iraq war?
Oops....seems Morneau and Trudeau forgot the health care file when they opened the spending spigots! Oh well Sunny ways!
Great work on the part of the Arcy MP! Great timing! I'm thrilled to know that our law enforcement officers support Adolph Harper's overthrow of what I once thought was an ideal country. The ideologues have us!
You war mongers at the White House are going to have to find new digs to shill from, grown ups are back.
More mindless musings from the Globe's resident neoliberal. I suppose, around these woods, he's considered the 'alternative voice' to the Tea Party conservative blatherings of Margaret Wenete.
You mean besides Dion and Ignatieff....??
Thatcher showed the inhumanity which flowed thru her veins when she remained on the side of apartheid. The colonial and imperialist mentality of a long past age sustained the likes of Thatcher and her evil has now returned to where it belongs!
I'd sure like to vote for this man.
without understanding the defendant, the law will be deaf to the case before it as well.
Lamont Cranston'Majority with support of the scientific community speaks' is the song you are thinking of.......
And trickle down will lift all ships. This is fun, you're turn.
Let's hope not.
Conservatives: still hating on education and teachers... And Trudeau was also a math teacher and Harper was a mailroom boyNEXT!
Too many aging parents are supporting, emotionally and financially, a mentally ill adult child. The results are devastating.
After a terrorist attack Americans carpet bomb a country, Israel pretty much does the same, as does Russia... and the list goes on. France introduces a clothing law. Oh wah...
I read this report as a series of facts about a particular community, not as a public relations piece.
Sure, go ahead, just keep grabbing land.
For the male students who were expelled, in all likelihood ruining their futures, it's not so trivial now, is it?
That is a quote for the ages...
Exactly another reason to steer away from the Globe. I turned here in efforts to become informed, but those efforts are in vain once again.
Seems like mr. Trudeau's life coach is keeping him out of the lime light lately?
Expecting locgic or truth from a moonbat is like expecting a Stanley cup from Toronto - even if it looks like its possible - it ain't really.
....replace first two words with......All Canadians!
Harper was born and grew up where again?
Mexicos southern border wall? The one to keep illegal Guatemalans out of Mexico?
Moreover, Dr. Smyth, you might acknowledge that your research chair is significantly funded by Monsanto. "Just sayin'" as the meme goes.
There you go Globe. You got the Neanderthals you wanted to run the country. Too late to sound like you care. Hang on to those Economic action Plan advertising $$$$ as long as you can, corporate weasels
They are both on board\China has a carbon tax coming in 2017 and leads the world in renewable energyIndian signed a huge renewable energy pact recentlyGet with the program
Do you really think a system wouldn't take into account gender differences as well as height? Don't be so simple.
Your concern does you credit.
Earth, Pretty sanctimonious of you to pontificate on what a woman should wear or how she should or should not express her religious beliefs. You argue against her freedom to choose based on your own, narrow and uninformed beliefs.
The title is a bit long. Just shorten it to 'The NDP fails.'
Baby steps, right?
I never pay any attention to Sun Media, but I'm curious if federal advertising dollars are still flowing into Mr Boss Separatist's pockets from his HarpoCult friends. Anyone know?
The newly elected PM made helping foreigners a priority and threw us low income Canadian seniors and the CPP increase under the bus .Only in Canada eh?Happy new Year all!
Your mess is nothing compared to the Ontario mess !
I don't believe there is a'sucker' born every minute. You are referring to people who don't agree with your Liberal/left/progressive opinions. You are part of the reason that this crisis in leadership exists just as much as they are.
It's about time we stopped whining about Keystone and face the reality that the Americans don't want our crappy oil.
we did vote on it. We voted for Ford and subways.
Somebody helped him? So what? Do you think our PM Justin writes his owns speeches? My bet is that half of the time he doesn't even read them before he speaks.
The government contributes more to my pension plan because I'm female? Wow, that's fantastic!! How did I go all these years without anyone telling me that I was finally going to cash in on my gender at retirement. Woohoo, great news ladies!
"Harper created the problems in the ME and Ukraine" Are you on the loose again?
No....it is more like not buying comet damage insurance. It is a giant waste of money but somebody will sell it to you.
Plenty of humility to be found amongst theists, though. Hitch prophesied nothing. He just told like he saw it and for that some consider him their hero. Me, I just like the guy.
So the Conservative parties 39.8% of the popular vote was narrower than the Liberals 39.4%?Do tell
PSThanks for everything David, we'll miss you.
It's unfortunate the Mulcair has been doing all the heavy lifting in the commons - clearly something Trudeau can't come close to!
SCROTUS can't rule on this until POTUS appoints a new SCROTUS, and COTUS accepts the new SCROTUS appointed by the POTUS, which will be blocked by the COTUS, until a new POTUS is elected, which will appeal the new SCROTUS.
LOL. Good one!
There is a lot wrong with this article.
I wish for you that no-one in your circle of family and friends is less than 100% logical, knowledgeable, mature, and risk-averse.
If a worker is forced to pay the dues to support political work that is diametrically opposed to the worker's beliefs, that worker should have the right to know where and how his money is being spent, and on what.
Actually, market-based mechanisms generally are the fastest and most effective way to solve these problems. Both CFC's and Acid Rain were beaten faster, and more easily than predicted.
and your wife is overpaid and should get a fifty percent salary cut.
So why was everyone upset about Ford allegedly smoking? Crazy liberal's can do no wrong?
All women are strong and are able to become leaders if they want to
why do feel so much hatred toward harper and his yahoos? i dont like this feeling. how can i temper or control it?
The irony of this statement is that when you go to Mecca, you find incredible diversity. And in that place, all are interested in one thing, doing their religious duties. Maybe the Turks could remember that when they choose to exclude.
high school drama teacher vs billionaire
You are being too kind with your adjectives.
China apologist=======LOL I always say I am Chinese here. Why should I apologize for myself? Being a Chinese is much better than being a Canadian. We Chinese are just not used to be licking ...
The cost of hydro is 4 times the cost of nuclear, the environmental destruction immense, and resultant rotting vegetation methane spew worse than coal.
Precisely! -And beautifully written.
Tough crowd!
Sorry, I misunderstood.
Yes, it's bad, but have you got a better modern way of getting kids to behave? One where the teacher will not be accused of psychologically damaging the student?
'Eventually solar technology will make Ontario's Nuclear and natural gas power obsolete... why don/t you understand that simple fact... think solar power... 'Sure ,when the sun shines 24 hours a day, ever day , and pigs fly...............
political science fiction was his speciality
You missed the part about the media being attack dogs for the Liberals and NDP. The Conservative PAC is a belated effort to counter that.
Oh... well then... let me pass on my great thanks to Ottawa for passing on the tax money we've paid back to where it came from, for the purpose for which it was collected.
Ukrainians check the trucks which cross the boarder, don't they? This is their responsibility. And Russia knows that. So why for God's sake they will send anything else other than humanitarian help... stupid article.
Up or down a few percentage points? Makes no difference. There many times more gun-related deaths in the USA than any other G20 nation. More guns does mean more deaths.
Nailed it...
Look who the media are cheering for in Canada. Look for a repeat of the same disaster.
Read up about the series of 1999 Moscow apartment bombings that led to Putins rise, The polonium killing of Litvinenko, the dioxin poisoning of the former Ukranian president, oh yes Putin knows when to stop, after he gets what he wants.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ESFWmqWux3s
I think he just did!
once again the globe censors any comments against the beloved liberals.
Either party could have run just about anyone else as their candidate and won this election.
Perhaps you should actually read some information on the weather and you will find extreme weather recently is below average within historical norms... But why let facts get in the way?
Basically it's ok to discriminate against white males.
sure, lets argue on a comment board. this always works well.
There is no amount of $$ alone that can solve this problem. Pouring more money into FN communities that have no means to support themselves is as fruitless as handing over an inheritance to someone who has never had to earn a living for themselves.
And what makes you think only women will stay at home....aha.....progressives have been outed.
There are male librarians; however, it is not a highly paid profession; it has become another female job ghetto. Dentistry is a much more lucrative profession. Glad to see there are as many women as men in the student population at Dalhousie.
So, Joe, were YOU at the trial? Do YOU have legal training?
Anyone who opposes Rob Ford is a lefty?? Obviously, you just don't understand what is conflict of interest. I'm sure you'll cry foul if other politicans who knowing break the law.
I hear Much Music has ''help wanted'' ads up.
What policy of the Wildrose party do you find is part of the 'lunatic Fringe'? Examples please
His DNA decides his sex. He.
Dear Editors off the Globe and Mail: How did we even get to the place where writing an editorial like this has become necessary? And where the necessity of writing it has become normalized? pYour Reader
How is Bozo Euption doing? Is he still singing the praises of the guy in his own party who call him a idiot? Too funny!
You boast of being smart enough to see through lies and distortion, yet you support Donald Trump who tells multiple lies every time he opens his mouth. The only place you could be a professor is the so called Trump University.
But then this takes away regular squishy seats for normal folks.
Or the media, academics, informed and interested Canadians, Elections Canada, Sheila Fraser, and, oh yes, Conservative Senators are all wrong and Pierre 'Ti-Poil' Poilievre is a freaking genius? Fat chance!
Ford Nation is a large part that's a given. Plenty of pork heading to Conservative ridings.
Philpott has had many articles written about her. Just turn your neck a little to the left -- no, your other left -- and take a peek. Also, you do realize there's more than one thing happening in the world at the same time, right?
'Automatic handguns', really ? At least know something before you comment.
It might very well create some anti-semitism of the old-fashioned kind.
No! They have been shown to be Muslims from Pakistan. Can you not read. I have known about this for years. People have been warning that this was going on. Silence on the politically correct front. Disgusting. When is the west going to wake up?
jrr, learn something about the tax code - money invested outside of Canada is fully taxed by the Canadian government. BTW, as a complete aside, the biggest (and best) tax haven in the world is Delaware.
Great article. My heartfelt thanks. This is thenthinking that can take us into a hopeful future. More of this written with the shortest and fewest words possible. Then perhaps it can be more widely heard as it deserves.
The Bands have less legal power... so they get less press.
I like Colin's bow ties. I takes guts to wear one.
Perhaps you should care about Tienanman Square if you are Chinese.
You really have to look up the definition of 'stage managed'.
Ah yes the anti-Semitic slur
of your ancestors. If any will have you back.
Why is the gay community protesting the banning of gay propaganda aimed at minors?
When my dentist unexpectedly charged $40 for a 10 second check of the hygienist's work, integral to his supervisory responsibility, I reduced my visits from twice annually to about every 18 months.
The Donald v. The Shrillary? Can't wait... I and many, many other people would pay good money to see that one... now, pass that expensive but delicious 'Trumptastic Popcorn' we were forced to buy at Trump's Tasty Treat Concessions coming in....
Aaron Swartz committed suicide after prolonged solitary confinement. http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2013/01/14/aaron-swartz-s-thought-crime-was-tragically-treated-like-real-crime.htmlWhich, of course, was the goal of his accusers.
So, MG, your position then is that Chow faced no racist attacks during her candidacy? Do explain further....
Did I really just read that? A 'trusted' Conservative advisor wrote a letter advising the PM on how to deceive the Canadian public and deflect attention away from the Prime Ministers incompetence? Does no one in Ottawa know what they are doing?
I think Lenin would be a more apropriate example.
After you finish with your tantrum and come back down to earth, the reality remains. Norway has something approaching $1trillion. Last time I checked, Alberta has a palty $17billion.
you're either with us or you're with the child pornographers ... I mean terrorists!
Absolutely. The Chinese simply bought peace until nobody will care about this silly hysteria any more.
Read the article again. Think.
I agree but that has nothing to do with the electionI. e., no matter who wins it won't have any impact on thisEspecially since it seems a ban on the niqab is not consistutional anyways, so this is all moot
I will tell you .-)Dig around in old book stores ...... A 'new' author may merely reflect the workings and propaganda of his/her publisher.
Yup, and the Iraq people asked the Western Political society to use false premises and invade them. It has worked out quite well for them. Only 250, 000 Iraqi civilians have died post invasion. I guess this is 'public interest'
Qatar is also sheltering and supporting Hamas. It's time to send them a clear message that the support of Islamic terrorists is unacceptable and the World Cup in 2022, scheduled to take place in Qatar, should be relocated.
No Ukrainian language in Crimea 1787, Turkish and Krim. Krim were the natives no relationship to slavic or Turkish people. Many moved to Israel.
What you don't want to read the truth about Harper and his band of thugs?
One man's job is another man's pain in the butt.
The votes down on your comment show that we cannot have a meaningful debate about Islamic immigration to Canada.
Schmingus, the G&M is not a socialist rag, as you say. It endorsed CPC, last election.
Same old story: growth in the power/scope of government via divide & conquer. Fools who enable this will be the first against the wall when pendulums swing back.
Anyone referring to the leader of a major political party as Junior, is not quite ready for prime time commenting. Quite clearly.
I am not impressed at all by your allegations whatever!
Trudeau won't come close to getting his hands on the levers of power in Canada. There is still a lot of work to be done to undo the bilge of Trudeau's old man.
@Michele K1) oops2) Absolutely
Unless there is a real revolution.
Why drink anything other then water?
This article has one major flaw, it doesn't account for Millennials and their support for Bernie Sanders. It's kind of hard to want Mrs. Clinton to win that has 12 FBI agents investigating her.
Koch Bros are not breaking the law............whats the problem.
I dunno. Which religion sent missionaries all over the world to convert people?
What flavor is your Kool-Aid? I thik you consue too much sugar and Faux Nudes pablum
yes, lol, the morAns control everything.
There wasn't even a hint that the disproportionate criminality was due to a genetic predisposition. You reached an odd conclusion about what was actually written.
Who voted for Big Brother, Lyin Brian, twice, in 1984 and 1988? Hands up. C'mon. Get those hands up. Way up.
Maybe she meant 'virtuously identical'.
This editorial is a tacit approval of Putin's decency law. The editor, in effect, says 'follow the homophobic law outside Sochi'.Thank you Globe for sensible advice.
I know for sure he's firing ten thousand Early Childhoo ducatiors. The weill be few to no attrition there. Class size increases will create instant pink slips, that's how the formula works. No chance for attrition there.
Perhaps this time the senate will do it's job.
You paranoid SOB.
I didn't realize that 'leftwingers' actually paid taxes?! Don't they just collect goodies from the government that gets the money for them from 'right wingers'?
Dean... try and keep up with the new equality. It's only men that do it.
Rule of law will prevail. And the Government of Canada has approved this project.
Why do the chattering classes overlook this?
Excellent points.
Why does this chat room ban comments on muslim islamic terror attacks and not Trump?
I hear the conservatives are over-estimating the deficit. Is there any truth to this?
Good grief, Abbas -- have you even looked at the gini coefficients of the USA as compared to Canada? It renders your argument nonsensical.
Mr. Mason, you are right on the money!
Every shill available is brought in to inveigh against a free Scotland. Seems like the Bilderbergers/NWO really needs a united UK for some reason.
When have the Alberta P.C.s ever subscribed to 'fiscal restraint?'
Under Wynne's nanny state the parents have no role to play. The state will tell you what is best for you, your children and family.
The appearance of Con support can be chalked up to cheating.
Wish I could give you another ten upvotes. Thank you for bringing in sanity.... BTW- who wre the 'elite" twenty years ago? I was around and I don't remember them...
Can we stop pretending that Michael Chan was singled out for any other reason than being Chinese. Even if he wasn't a successful minister, CSIS would still be suspicious and question his loyalty to Canada. They see his face and they see an enemy.
Muslims obviously never fought against the Romans simply because the Roman Empire ceased to exist and ended in 476 AD. Islam did not exist before 600 AD.the lenght of your post is certainly no indication of its worth!
A direct column, thank you. Sunshine is the best disinfectant.
''Is there anyone who is more committed to destroying the values that this country was built on?''It would be a toss-up with a few members of the supreme court.
Don: Readers don't like comments on over population and the demands it places on resources.
a stupid poster.
It was like a Hollywood production.
Excellent post.
Sure, end it with a noose. U think Paul B doesn't deserve that? This is the problem with Western Civ these days... weak, pathetic, apologetic.. we are witnessing our steep decline.
Sir Laurier also banned asians from migrating to Canada!
The positivity of Trudeau Jr? It's easy to be positive when you inherit a million bucks and have a famous political name you can take to the bank every time you charge a high school $40,000 for an hour of your time.
I think a gaggle of press should be greeting the PM everyday until he faces their questions. Either at the House or 24 Sussex. How long would Harper like to see him scurrying away from the lickspittles on the 6 o'clock news?
ya know rather then reducing the value of our citizenship, we could just make it harder to obtain :)
He won't be.
'The party didn?t lose the last election because it was ill-prepared or lacked a strong organization. The Liberals won because Canadians had an overwhelming desire for change...'. And Canadians overwhelmingly desired change because ... ?'
Sadly, guess again...
no they dont have it better off, castro was a traitor to the cause once he won, by putting himself into the dictators chair and taking away freedom from cuba for decades
Albertasauras-well named, however I suspect that there are many in Alberta that are not of the suars vintage at all. i guess we shall see.
the miscreant turns in the bits and gets a new (probably better) phone - big disincentive
Stay far away ... and just keep your head in the sand and ignore the atrocities, the rapes, the killing. Yeah, that's a great plan.
The Commie blogging team are out in full force as well - just not getting any positive response.
Should he be forbidden from crossing the border or something? You don't believe in a 'free press.' Close-minded?
this is one bizarre column, Ms. Henein was discussing the justice system, not justice in society. Everyone knows there is injustice in society, there always has been and there always will be.
People have been saying that the Globe can do better for a long time now. It's becoming clear that they can't.
'You can lay much of England's trouble today directly at her feet.'And much of the economic trouble and stagnation in Western economies to the ideology for which she is still a poster child.
Junoir will never be ready to be prime minister. Which is OK, because he never will be prime minister.
Same in the US. What's your point?
You do know it was a Jesuit priest who came up with the Big Bang theory right? Religion and science/rationalism aren't mutually exclusive.
Omar wasn't a local , he was a Canadian.
Not all are riveted.
Evidently Wente's spiritual cousins in the US Congress infiltrated the highest echelons of Obama's administration to sabotage it....brilliant...wonder who managed to do that?
TO wheredidcanadagogay is not an 'alternative lifestyle' but an ORIENTATIONlikewise hetero is not a chosen lifestyle either
Mezmo. You must have sold your Nortel a week before it crashed too.
Not sure this is a good idea. In the US, the Sheriff is elected - so he's accountable to the people he's serving and protecting. This seems like a much better idea than appointing a person with huge powers for life, with no check.
Actually they do. On the other hand, Canadians have not had the economic clout to bid up the market. You may say there is no proof that this has happened in Vancouver either, so the first step should be gathering data.
More people need to listen to the first Dead Kennedy's EP 'In God We Trust Inc. particularly the song 'Religious Vomit.'
do you hear that? sounds like air leaking from a balloon. no, its just the premier talking....
Pierre Trudeau was a highly intellectual man, but he was also a public actor. Pierre Trudeau was brilliant. His intelligence, passion/compassion and integrity were never questioned. Let's see what his son/Justin is made of.So far so good............
Regressive leftists are PC.
Too late jiHymas1. Personally, I think the Dems got it wrong, and the movie got it right. UBL is probably dead in part due to information derived from these techniques.
If what you say is true, then Biker Bernie will never be leader. Wrong core values for The Base.
What is interesting about the 190 conditions is that activists that hate the project claim that the 190 conditions are slam dunk easy. Those who support the project are not so sure. The truth likely lies somewhere between.
Their bitterness is a nice change from the hate they usually spew.
By: The Canadian Press, Published on Mon Mar 04 2013EDMONTON?A former high-level political strategist criticized for his comments on child pornography says he was led into a trap.'A trap'? wasn't that what Custer said?
And I forgot to add, I think you are awesome for asking these tough questions. Questions that have been waiting forever, to be addressed by the mainstream media.
They didn't endorse the party, because they shunned Harper, and by definition shunned the party. Pay attention.
weird indeed....what do you think these SWL's are set up for...
Is that you Wente?
Care to provide a link or evidence to your assertion that 'older less educated men are controlling the game'. Who are these men and what percentage of the voter population are they?
These modern day 'Feminists' seem to have penis envy more than anything else. You just need to look at their argument and what they lament they wish they had.
Trump is not using race as an issue? You mean he is welcoming to Blacks, Latinos and Muslims to his rallies? What is the evil agenda that you speak of?
I think the little Frum girl is trying to replace the old Wente lady. Good luck with that.
Gotterdammerung und schnitzel. Oh, uh no, the base is social democratic working people who count on having a job to go to.
Bingo, Ron - you beat me to it. Missing details are not proof of expenses abuse, but making taxpayers pick up PMO lunch costs for 3 years, in direct violation of Treasury Board policy IS. Now, let's hear your sales job, Arthur Jarrnett.
Paul Martin's cross country mad as he!! tour.. who could ever forget.
The refusal by people like you to admit to the damage overpopulation is causing is every bit as bad as the global warming deniers.
Clark has failed to mention a couple of key issues. The Vets office closingis a hot one as are all of the Temporary Foreign Workers flooding the region'sindustry. The turnout for early voting says something as well.
Hardly NWN - in fact without treaties there is as much of a case to be made that FN's have absolutely NO standing. Negotiations are not a one way street, and the FN's have to realize that
Everything the Liberals do are based on their motto of 'do as I say not as I do' and they never lie since all promises made are 'stretch goals'.
I guess Jean Chr?tien committed treason by not fulfilling his promise to scrap the GST and nafta then.
There is no necessary next step. In fact, the C-51 staircase is entirely constructed of fantasy and will be struck down, leaving no place for further steps to be added.
C'mon, Wente! If these privileged no name celebs weren't sticking their nose in others' business, what would they do with all that dead air time?
Teleology: Agreed, and further, for Gwyn to imply that Anglos were the majority in Canada at the time, or ever since is a travesty. I kind of wondered what happened to the old MacDonald Cartier Highway......now I know......(am not from Ontario).
Hey Preston, now that your buddies in Edmonton have had several days of shredding documents, maybe there's a chance you can 'rebuild' your phony ideology.
Or buy advertisements in Quebec? That's what you meant too.
Good luck finding an 'impartial' body.
Not again? Try reading the famous Canadian Charter and have a look at our silly Human Rights Commissios and get back to me in the morning.
The franchisee owners are relevent and they tend to be Canadians, in Canada, paying Canadian wages.
'I especially loved men making comments'So men should not have opinions about what is best for their children?
I could bear it for a couple of hours at a time as a teen... because I knew that later on in the day there would be a gym class or shop period where I could do something hands-on.
And left-leaning chimps only see racism and xenophobia.
Russ Bosch , whats the source for this quote?
For no reason means sirencall might be happy to support ISIL. That amounts to treason.
Exactly heave: Junior time to find a new leader for the Liberal party
And you don't think that new immigrants to Canada consume fossil fuels more heavily than in the country they left?
Exquisitely delicious.
Has anyone noticed that politics is getting slimier all over this world. It is much more dictatorial.
Who buys six-packs ?
Johnny old writes, 'God! Not this old chestnut again. ...can we please discard it to the team heap... etc.Noe, Johnny we can't. Not when the subject attracts close to 300 posts, more than most brand new entries...
I don't believe you.
Its so comforting to know that a bunch of racists are in charge of Quebec. All you can do with that province is laugh at it.
Read the New York Times? How many times has their senior management issued public rededications to honesty in the last 5 years?
Yes but a bad move when Harper put troops in the Ukraine.
Why doesn't Denise write about the Paris victims, that is the victims of islamophilia instead?
Wow, you just about had me. I was believing you until you threw in that whopper about Snowden.
With NASA's Outreach to Muslims program courtesy of Obama (no, really!), he'll be an astronaut soon enough.
Considering it wasn't really talked about at all, that point doesn't make any sense.
Just have a stroll from Union station up Bay Street on a weekday morning. It's bad enough as it is. You have to step over the junkies passed out across the sidewalk with their drug donation tins sitting next to them.
Considering government's record of running housing, rent controls and almost everything else, keep government out of the housing market would be the best first step.
I can't stand right-wing female pundits like Dr Laura etc. Fox News has a few of these types. They all look the same and have the same hairdo. It must be in their DNA.
But I see you drooling LPC sheep got here first.
Current sea level rise is 2mm to 3mm per year or about 8" to 12" per century. Think that will give them time to prepare? see : Trends and acceleration in global and regional sea levels since 1807.
I can tell you never suffered in your life. You try and live your life in daily pain, can't walk, breathe, eat or drink and you might change your mind.
Register a corporation in Alberta now . If you prove your do substantive work there you will be subject to their corporate tax burden .
The corrupt conservative will just rob from the poor and give more to the rich.
Sadly, you seem to illustrate the point.
the situation is quite pathetic today. grow up parents, and maybe your kids will too.
It's a disgusting racket producing sludge by unsustainable means.
50-75hr weeks are fairly common here
I've been flying on Air Canada for 50 years and I absolute agree with Mr. Yakabuski's assessment. I was very proud of Air Canada once, but now I endure flights. I never enjoy them. Never!
Foreign buyers are attracted to Canada because of our central banks policy to weaken the dollar. If our dollar was much stronger, the foreign incentive would be lower. So blame our central bank for the foreign invasion.
You are way off topic.
Maybe you should look at the situation in the US. Facing higher US taxes many US corporations are moving their head office out of the US, it called "tax inversion". There are consequences to higher taxes.
It sounds like you need to remove your children from the public education system.
Rock WAS an excellent lawyer--he should have done the right thing--legally and morally. Sadly, it appears he did neither.
Also left out the best part about obamas failure. A 10 trillion dollar band aid/debt.
so how does Margaret explain the incessant anti Semitic remarks in the Comments section when Jeannie Becker recalls the Holocaust experience of her parents. Or, for that matter, just about any article that mentions Israel ?
James this may be a bit of a stretch for you, so I'll try and use little words. The city is required by LAW to run an operating budget surplus and does so every year. Miller's last surplus was bigger than Ford's.
Tabatha Southey is writing a funny and satirical opinion piece. My God- the comments are ridiculous. Have you people no sense of humour? Get over yourselves and your petty prejudices!
I'm sure Steve will find a way around the chattering classes - Tamil tax relief can only be a PMO focus group session away.
SUE CARREL what is the matter? just do a google search "Nigel Wright" here you are https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nigel_S._Wright
Hopefully if Hudak gets a spanking again the PC's will move away from the politics of division and spite and get back to the party they once were.
'One the same hour...' - please return to your English as a second language instructor for remedial work.
Three of the men were Chinese Americans? What might that mean to the "Author" of this garbage?
What is the problem? I sold plasma to help pay my way through university... I wasn't born with a silver spoon in my mouth. Regulate for safety, by all means, but encourage freedom and markets wherever possible.
Better hurry - there's a lot of doors closing at Sun News.
let them all use Negative ads let them use teeth, fangs, nails, claws level playing field it is politics for heaven's sake
Got some bad news for your conspiracy theory. Obama has to exit the White House, anyway.
Get with the program, Margaret, or you'll be sent to a re-education camp. It's 'climate change.'
How do you know you wouldn't vote for her when you don't even know who she's running against yet? This upfront bias pretty much kills your whole article.
What does the word earn mean? Is it a synonym of get, receive or acquire?
Good title...'Peter' peters out. Well as the Yukon would say, gotta get the D.
Just to let you know, dictators aren't voted out of office. Such hyperbole only diminishes your message.
Im pretty sure just about everyone in this country benefits from tax payer money....do you feel guilty when you walk on the sidewalk or receive medical care?
Getting caught in a lie doesn't bother Harper.
Clearly you do not know the difference between peace and war. Men like Putin and Harper and Poroshnko adore your simplicity.
Most leftists are further left than they realize. They have been put to sleep by Cultural Marxism, and think they are moderate.
Let's put Kim Campbell on the bank notes. Great hair way back when.
Essay-generating software and copying other people's work is a vice of the author.
MMack: "if soldiers followed that rule for underage soldiers in WWII, we wouldn't have had the last pope." That might have saved the world a lot of grief. But how could the Allied soldiers have known he would turn out to be a horrible pope?
Ha - beat me to it, TedB.
Why? I don't care whether a man has a beard or not- I care about integrity, honesty and the ability to do the job.
Why prorogue? it was the sneaky Libs and NDP and Bloc planning to form a COALTION when they did not run as a coalition in the election which they lostso Harper stopped their sneaky ways by proroguingtry to play dirty and Harper will stop you
If your bank doesn't deal with folks forced to go to payday loan shops, you should insist on paying higher fees so that your bank can afford to do business with people who don't play by your bank's current rules.
I agree, but only if we reduce taxes earmarked for road repairs elsewhere, the government cannot collect road taxes and than expect that we will also pay tolls for the same purpose.
Case in point. Thanks for providing another example of unhinged extremism... So is Harper still under your bed making sounds that keep you awake at night?
Ummmmmm......you have no idea what the case was about do you?
It even has zombies!
Please provide a link to a reliable source that backs up your contention. Thanks.
Thanks, and agreed.
Ahh I think they need to focus on the corporations that do business offshore and in known countries that are supporting companies ability to transfer money to accounts in these tax havens. That is where the real money is in money laundering.
She and her husband are very good at raising funds for the CPC.
I heard PM Harper does not want to appoint anymore Senators, after all he says, he has enough Senators to pass his legislation. Says it all, doesn't it (one big rubber stamp to Harper) ?
What reliable source do you watch/read?
Is that really still a mystery? http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2015/03/what-isis-really-wants/384980/
However, the school did not dispute the student version.
Your wealth of knowledge in process/chemical engineering continues to amaze me.Ignorance is bliss I suppose
That would be contributions like giving northern Maine and the Alaska Panhandle to the US in the interest of British-American relations.
They're not threatening us. This is something they want. It's not about us.
Well Stephen got the top job on his own doing. He didn't get it because of his daddy and great hair. Justin would be a non-entity in politics if he didn't have that.
What kind of gutless crap is this?!?
I pay for an additional 'bath' (actually a shower) for my mom who has Alzheimer's because I know that is what she would want.
Pepe le Pew. Can't miss that aroma no-how!
That would be 'Terrorist' snitch lines little fella. But of course, Canada has nothing to fear now that Junior is at the helm.
Do your homework. Gibson is a liberal. He was a special assistant to Trudeau. Liberal MLA in BC. Ran against Campbell for leader of the BC Liberals. Not everyone is a partisan hack.
Resist the temptation to indulge in easy stereotypes and reactive characterizations of Quebec and Quebeckers. Hey JT... tell us about Albertans again?
So....Hong Kong is not China?
I totally agree. When Junior Highs started including throwing snowballs in their definition of assault it was another sign of authorities going over the top. Now a six year old kissing a girl in his class is described as sexual assault.
Credulous people (including you, evidently) fell for the Liberals' shameless fear-mongering.
Christmas will be replaced by Eid-ul-fitr, and sharia law will be the norm. Non-Muslims living in Muslim pockets will have to follow sharia dress/drinking code.
The Harper government has thrown a gag on Omar Khadr. It's just more evidence of their vindictive nature.
Heh! It's a big derriere and lost of lickspittles could be dangling from Harper's nether regions, eh.
They will only allow whites and Christians to be offended. Everyone else is hands off.
An inconvenient truth !
Yea, he needs a big pipeline right up his keester
'incrementalist' because we can't call the PM a devious & cunning half wit bent on destroying the social fabric of the country. Even when the PM is Harper.
Not even severance - fired for cause ....
I thought the golden rule was 'he who has the gold makes the rules'
Does the Globe really need to be reminded that it gave the Harper Conservatives its electoral endorsement three times, even after such traits as these became perfectly clear?
Thanks for having the courage to argue for what is just. Our Minister of Justice does not.
Your ideology blinds you to the evidence. Trudeau played the same game. The platform changed repeatedly during the election, was not thought out, and will cost us dearly.
Our Aboriginal people for centuries had unwritten history so what is your point?
I tend to agree. The biggest problem, as stated in the article, is that the union won't even discuss an evaluation process. Just mention it and we get a strike. Our kids are being held for ransom.
Why did Trump refuse to release his tax returns? Because they show he's made a lot of money in Russia... like his son in law admitted. Trump's been bought, and he's susceptible to blackmail.
As I said in another post, this is all so reminiscent of the Tammany Hall hucksters that held NYC captive. Who knew the Fords were such fans of the Gangs of New York?
It is appalling that the Liberals ? who surely must be able to see the damage Harper has done to this country ? continue to attack the NDP and Mulcair. Surely love of country is most important in this election, far more than party loyalty.
LesGuv.. thanks for the sincere reply.. good point.
I guess high taxes must explain why all the brightest have abandoned San Francisco, New York, London, Paris, Rome, Geneva, Amsterdam, Copenhagen, etc.
And the SCC "read in" rights which the elected officials did not.
I know I'm a pain in the ykw but honestly don't.You can't be referring to the Sheppard Stn. At the STC some will gain a minute or two, Some will lose. Lawrence East? Every bus connector saves at least 10 minutes just in Bus time.
it won't change anything, they don't care.
I assume you're talking about some obscure NPR or do you mean NRA? NPR that I listen to does not make a stance on candidates.
The world is changing. Get over it.
Wolves seldom, if ever chase humans.
We're all Canadians first until Ralph Klein calls us 'eastern welfare bums' and Stephen Harper talks about 'a firewall around Alberta'.Then we're not.
Prosecution has become the only social program allowed in America.
Wrong Lucas... I welcome the media pile on. There should be more every day. It the only way to keep the crooks under control.
The former mayor was sufficiently unaware to allow himself to be videod twice while smoking crack. Someone who is that careless about being 'set up' is unfit for office.
It's Wente's opinion. It's not fact.
It certainly isn't what it was.
You mean those anonymous FB dudes that got a spanking from Dalhousie? Poor babies. I shudder to think how their live have been completely destroyed.
Harper doesn't want Canadians to know that world isn't flat. At least his constituency.
Actually, Daesh (IS) will continue until the people of the ME have education, an open society, democracy and equality. Then, like the bizarre ultraright in the United States, it will be sidelined.
I said this years ago when the McGuinty/Wynne cabal started down this power road to bankruptcy. When the wind don't blow and the sun don't shinethe electricity generated ain't worth a dime.
The electorate will decide in 2015. But then again when Harper wins again. The lefties will have some excuses as to why.
NB doesn't have half the population of BC or Alberta.....
So obviously you are a Harper sheep. Where are you from? The oil sands?
?They simply do not get it that we are living in a dangerous world.?My, what a condecending 'world view' that is. Funny how 'cons' and right wingers believe they have a monopoly on truth.
Take a Valium you paid observers huddled around the water cooler.
incredibly uninformed 'just another reader'read about kairosread about IDRC read about rights and democracyread, think, then commentbut above all think for yourself
Psychopaths tend to gravitate towards positions of power. It wouldn't be surprising if she carried a lot of their traits. Her husband is more than likely one.
still wearing it so there i just told you right back! Now what?
Everyone else in BC thinks that consultation allows people to say "no" to a project that is a bad idea.
I don't know this guy but his recommendations are wrong and his statements about distribution networks not being strategic border on criminal fraud and racketeering.
Calgary: You don't live near a rail line do you?
I'm tired of the Harper Government Supporter double standards. If Mr. Harper snubs the press, no mention from rabid supporters. If Mr. Trudeau does ... Anger and resentment.
Reply to Retiree: Why do you think they have it in Cuba? It is so they can ignore basic US Human Rights such as Habeas Corpus.
Pretty good there, steve_d1!
'Where else' it is called the cbc.
But if they somehow slip through, they can remain in Canada for 15+ years as they file appeal after appeal. Throw in a couple of anchor babies and they're good to go.
So governments have no influence on GDP, life expectancy, or levels of corruption? Or no influence on levels of inequality?????Most of this article was bad, but that ending was the worst.
Not nearly as many spelling mistakes (and grammar mistakes) in the Globe and Mail as in these fora. Interestingly, this thread is an exception; I haven't noticed one spelling mistake so far.
Quite the rant. So local people don't make enough to buy a house. So what? Either make more or move somewhere else. No one has a 'right' to live in Vancouver. Get over it.
And this:-www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-22186436
You said it - pure, subjective hysteria. Meanwhile, leading economic indicators like market indexes are saying 'big growth ahead'.
You'd prefer a Clinton style warmonger instead?
No you're correct. He pretty much just hid behind his wife when the intruder showed up! Guess she was closer than the broom closet.
i've never been to a city so obsessed with greed, Vancouver can't be a very healthy place to live around these types of people... nowonder Vancouver is known as the most unfriendly city on earth,
It is sad that such a ridiculous comment has received the highest score.
Understandable, to some extent. Not that it should be but a cop's interest is to maintain the status quo. After all it is the present regime that pays his usually excessive salary.
Yeah when we bombed Serbia that was just the helping hand of democracy
A scheme that will mainly enrich entitled Albertans with little benefit to the Rest of Canada? Why should we help sell your oil, if we get little in return? They can always build a pipeline to send it via Seattle.
That's the dumbest comment yet. Khadr should absolutely be charged with treason for aiding the enemy and belonging to a terrorist group.
I wish it was a gong show, because if it was, we've already voted to gong it and remove it from the stage.
Why is the Globe censoring this subject so heavily?
As a Canadian taxpayer, not so happy.
an excellent perspective
Salon1 - name something he has done for Canada or Canadians? Giving away billions to other countries?
'Clearly...'
That's the Ontario situation, anyway.
A boy for oil and a girl to spoil... supported by a generous government shopping for votes on the backs of those that need as much support but certainly won't get it..That is a lot of take out for already wealthy lustily breeding/voting families.
'Let them eat cake' M Wente as she and her circle swill their Chardonnay on the balcony
Absolutely right and quite a shocking mistake on the part of the PM. He seems to have been pushed into it by all the pressure. I guess Question Period has its uses after all.
It's OK, CM. When the right wingers get home from work it evens out.
This student is going to graduate and then demand a no-female workplace, and the 'Human Rights Commission' will give it to him, no matter how much it costs or how loud anyone sqwaks.
Trudeau legacy is the NEP and its fall out, the Reform Party. Fiberals have only themselves to blame. Nothing was more dividing than PET.
What, how many have you personally sponsored? You seem very righteous yet you expect others to carry the load. Typical.
Like the "Ford Nation" TV show?
Smart parents don't let TV in the house. Smart parents don't buy magazines. Smart parents set their own examples.
jiHymas1 - do you have x-ray vision? How do you 'see' those buildings along the Danforth while travelling in a tunnel?
Name one other large city in the world that thinks an airport is a good use of land so close to its central core. London is the only one I can think of, but even London City is much further out than Billy Bishop.
But no taxes to pay for them, right? Save a million billion dollars by building subways instead of LRT that would have been paid for. People are... mmm... either clueless or very bad at math
Ann, you just don't get it and that's what we are up against!
It's pretty obvious Robert's never known any scientists. Nor does he realize the extent of the conspiracy he's alleging.
sheesh, that kind of nautical jargon leads straight to Titanic analogies ... the Party fell from 95 to 44 seats, hence the discontent
I have seen Trudeau speak and he wants to give all Canadians a tax break, not just select groups.
Canada is a tiny market compared to the US and the EU. So why does China want a free trade deal? Because they need a back door to the US market as an insurance policy for the day the US slaps tariffs on imported goods.
Then be a slave to the aggregate BS of statistical data.
Perhaps people consider gay lifestyle more repugnant than druggie lifestyle? At least Rob does not book his holidays in Thailand to diddle young boys.
Harper hiding his head in the sand or the loo will not help this situation, it will only exacerbate it.
China is building 500 Gigawatts of brand new coal fired power stations, and so is India. I hope we sell them billions of tons of our beautiful high energy, profitable coal. Coal will save the world. (including your granddaughter Georgie). cheers
As the AUSSIES SAY. 'THE ONLY TRUE WILDERNESS IS BETWEEN A GREENIE'S EARS'
This isn't about Harper anymore. Your bogeyman is gone. This is about the boy wonder and his hypocrisy. Your Harper scaremongering doesn't help him anymore.
Aren't all comments reviewed before publication?
Careful what you wish for... because you will end-up with quotas.
Thank you bringing this to everyone's attention Sir. We shall not be forgotten.
What's one more "unprecedented abrogation of cabinet responsibility" for Harper Government? Justin Trudeau has it right: appoint better Senators; leave the Constitution alone.
If they can't provide the evidence to support their practises, then yes you can dismiss them outright. Anything else would be negligent.
as well...
You figure pharma companies are more honest than police?
you mean the Kenya via the US programme
Enacting oppressive laws and sending other people to fight wars is not brave. It is, in fact, the opposite.
If you are what passes for 'open-minded and progressive' then heaven help us.
Not in your sort of democracy.
It's great, until you have to pay for it.
Short answer Lamont. You speak only for yourself. Atomized???
you betcha...
Gee Golly: Sir John A never ran Provincially...
'Here in B.C., we have countless animals - coyote, fox, martin, cougar, squirrel, wolf, fisher..........killed in traps every year.'I have no trouble banning that practice everywhere.
In other words, they want to be just like Canada's oil industry? Shocking.
A compelling document by a group of intelligent, articulate people. Too bad the right-wingers are trying to kill the messenger, rather than address the issues raised.
JT's paper thin intellect will be his downfall in the next 2 years. He'll continue to say bizzare comments and show his true lack of common sense. The next campaign will be a Mulclair v Harper showdown
What are you on, Art? Canada did maintain relations and investing with Cuba even at the displeasure of the USA. You have to know that.
All that without mention of the role of finance capital in the declining economies of the west, Emile ? Please.
Too much Soviet propaganda. There were far fewer female snipers than the Soviets liked to brag about.
I can tell you are a real nice guy.
Wente is suggesting women need to change and be more assertive - like men. I'm saying its the other way around. I guess you're perfect Bud. The ladies must love you.
let us suppose you are right... do you think that is unusual?
@Airface,More sneering, more contempt, more disdain. It makes you feel good, n'est-ce pas? It is patently obvious that you have not the slightest understanding of the metaphor of the 'Hundred Dollar Table'.
I would change that 60% to 70%.
If the Liberals have the same policy on the niqab as the NDP, why does this translate to a vote against the NDP? Perhaps it's because the NDP has made it an issue and the Liberals haven't.Or perhaps many voters in Quebec are irrational.
They don't get out of bed before noon.
'cloudysky', you seem to enjoy 'smokescreening'. You're off topic... your topic I might add... provincial, municipal... I mean really !
I hope Duffy sues Harper.
The Christian Right has introduced over 200 anti-LGBT bills in the last six months and somehow people are blaming Islam for this?
Obama is a surprisingly ineffective president - the US, its allies and the world deserves better.
brave my derriere! he's trying to cash in by selling this story
The editors are still smarting that Canadian voters rejected the Charlottetown Accord, which was also supported by all the Canadian elites.
Just like Rae, Harcourt, and others. It's all about the future....and the NDP are all angels....No scandals associated with them...
He's high, not drunk. Compare this to his Danforth video. Agree with Centre-Ice's comment, too bad its so far down the list.
JW, did you not notice my skeptical quotes?
It is not out of context if you read it and consider what has been happening the last 60+ years. That is the context.
You are right, if she were gifted as a politician, she wouldn't be using loaded terms like 'Canadian values'. There are more accurate ways of describing values we as a modern, western secular society, do not wish to promote.
Not only is it a lost cause so long as islam is its answer regardless of the question or issue at hand, the so-called 'islamic world' should be blockaded, quarantined, and sealed off from the civilized world.
So stay at home parents are not workers? They contribute nothing to the economy? They do not free up day care spaces for those who want them? They have no overhead?
Interesting.
The Vietnamese refugee cohort were the most hard working and intelligent people I have come across - we hired many for our high tech assembly lines.
In our society, it's not just schools where this is happening - political correctness is turning us into boring, opinion-less clones.
You're right, but I think that a lot of folks who want secession will think those are secondary questions: let the party be a strange left-right coalition as long as it can get a referendum, they'll say
Nothing a few blankets and parkas can't fix.
A single engine is a boon to the manufacturers as the plain is downed when one engine is lost. Guaranteed sale for another $85 million plus dollar plane.
I think that he meant stare.
Almost as simple minded as Wente. Get a small dose of genuine education here at this site. (Wente should listen to this as well. LOL! ;))www.ted.com/talks/jonathan_haidt_how_common_threats_can_make_common_political_ground.html
Universities ought to be for serious, motivated, and intelligent achievers . If you child is not , save a fortune and tell her/him to go get a job . Growing up doesn't have to mean going into debt.
ALL GERMANS ARE IN THIS FORUM?
Seems you think it's okay to keep tabs on where people who have done nothing are. In my NSHO it is never okay for anyone to keep tabs on where I am , thank you very much.
It's a free country. Also to imply that Clinton has stepped out of bounds with her words when Trump was just elected after months of crazy statements is rich.
Seems this column has awoken 'the base,' with its mean spirited and short sighted point of view.
Yes I was referring to her columnist peers. I'm sure Wente, Saunders and others receive their fair share of hate mail. My guess is Saunders receives the most.
On yesterday's show Spanish film director Pedro Almodovar talked about gender roles in his films. He began by explaining how his scripts always depict men as abusive and violent towards women.
>>Quantum Computing - hahahahahahaha'Quantum of Solace', or was it 'Quantum of Selfies'?
'Unlike..... Bernie Sanders who offers hope through sweeping change...' You know I think you could say that about Trump!!
Good. The CBC is a scourge on Canadian society with its unabashed Liberal support.
Justy snd Kathleen- now that's dream ticket.
Agreeing completely with Bob and Doug.
Instead of 'should' in the first sentence, I meant 'shouldn't'.
All CONs are either on the take or interested in promoting their fetid views (moronic fundamentalist, bigoted/racist, anti working people and rural welfare).
Not one mention of holding down property taxes in this article. This election may hinge on property tax payers. The middle class is under pressure, reducing expenses could be an issue.
It isn't? How's that? Because comrade malumba says so? Lol
You are incorrect jjfoxy and CFL Junkywww. twu.ca/sites/magazine/no-17/partnerships/federal-upgrade.html
'Toronto had no advance notice'Umm....the letter is about as good as you are going to get.
I've never seen a police officer with a turban in Quebec though.
I don't know why you use the Quebecois as an example since the idea to ban the niqab completely is most popular there. The Quebec Liberals have tabled a bill that will prevent the face being covered when giving or receiving government services.
Actually you have it exactly backwards. No government who opposes immigration will be elected. Extreme nationalism has never been a Canadian trait, we'll continue to be outward looking in the future.
If the Globe has libelled the Fords, can we expect a libel suit any time now? Himm?
Yes, let's fantasize about Ottawa stealing the money that Alberta never bothered to save. A legitimate concern? Really?
You receive all sorts of services from the government from public health to education to roads and sewers.
wow scleb, did you take the bait. and this nobody announces during the run of '42' makes it all the more obvious
Free speech in Canada? You gotta be kidding!!!. Say the wrong thing that offends some minority group and you will be hauled before one of these 'human rights' tribunals.
I don't like any of those bribes, if you want kids look after them yourself dont expect the taxpayer to look after them or better yet don't have them.
Oh Mel! You're so entertaining. And these fools hang on to every word you say. Hilarious!
And I bet you still think that the first Rob Ford video doesn't exist. Put the Koolaid down! BTW, politician is usually ranked as the least trusted profession and Steven Harper keeps on showing us why.
Well your/our generation had it easy relative to our grandparents who lived through the Great Depression, don't you think?
Why no mention of the special princess rules for Quebec which allows them to continue? Most of the people that enter through Quebec end up in other provinces which means we all have a stake in it.
It would keep potentially thousands of women safe from them. That is something.
So much for the Umma
And speaking of PR Ms. Wente, nice little PR piece for Israel. I'm not saying you're wrong about the motives of Hamas but I have a hard time feeling sympathy for Mike Tyson when he's throttling a toddler.
What an ageist ('old'), racist ('white'), sexist ('woman) argument. You should be ashamed of yourself!
What a waste of space.
Hmmmm ... interesting ethical question ...A) both of themB) Trump lied.
Canada and Australia are no longer world powers. A new set of powers are rising. In Syria, Iran is a whole lot more important than Germany, France, UK, Canada or Australia.
Really Globe and Mail. It's no surprise. Look who is Minister responsible for this department. She has been silent on every health issue except legalization of Marijuana. After your article she will say something profound I'm sure!
Toronto has more police than the CAF has infantry.
CONs aren't real conservatives - they are fascists.
It makes sense! Since when did a criminal organization (like the Reformacons) want the public to know what they are up to?
It's a great plan and visionary leadership. Make spending cuts, labor and pro-growth economic policy reforms, and lower taxes responsibly and watch economic growth and jobs take off. It's win-win. I hope Mr. Hudak gets elected. Hope.
Yet I have seen media stories of college kids and their binge drinking and the Dalhousie type scenerios of gross sexual abuse being rampant, what gives?
intereSTing uSe Of uPPeR casE!
Let me know the next time hear about an airport terminal blown to pieces by an anti-vaxxer, creationist, or fanatical vegan.
1. You have no idea who the opposition is. 2. Caledonia was wrapped up in legal issues relating to treaty rights that were under dispute. Too complicated and nuanced for you.
Justin has a very good point. The cheque should be optional. I'd rather have the tax credit than the money.
Welcome to the coal miners who had to speak Mandarin.
Speech that offends someone will be responded to, and possibly refuted. "Punished" didn't enter the discussion until you introduced it.
Not so soft hypocrisy - the Globe editorialists barely mentioned the issue when the Conservatives signed the deal. Now they are using barrels of ink to persuade us how the Libs screwed up. Nice try.
Troll alert. There's no way any right-thinking individual could actually hold these ludicrous opinions.
He's not going to sue anyone. If he does he opens himself up for discovery and that's the last thing he wants to have happen.
Ravensbud. YOU DON"T HAVE TO GO TO THE CEREMONY. The oath is taken when you fill out the paperwork. Seeing somebody's lips moving is absolutely ridiculous.
The deficit this year might be $5 billion. In one day last week, Little Trudeau made roughly that much in spending commitments. In one day.
It sometimes seems like a joke, but it is serious the Liberals seems to want to direct Canada towards being a one party state. Led by a party that is eternally praised, of course, by our state owned media.
Now happily the Conservatives can be consigned to their well earned oblivion.
You've got no votes. I wonder why?
The 'root cause' of the Ottawa shooting, according to an article in the Globe, seems to be 'failure to parent'.
Sorry for typo. Should be "diaspora".
How about getting everyone paying tax... Too many people get away without paying any tax...
Political correctness and multi-cult have peaked, now we have to correct the damage caused by it as well as we can.
My how you add to the discussion.
Good editorial and practical solution.
Where in this article was Kathleen Wynne mentioned?
Give it a rest, JBW. Although the term was invented to describe Mussolini's movement, it's like many other things - it existed long before it was recognized and given a name.
violet... of course you are correct'Sin taxes'...should only be have to paid once ...the rest.....I won't go there
Right out of the Wente template. She reads an article in a magazine, decides how to be controversial about it, digs out a couple of quotes, and there's her work done for the week. Pfui. Belongs in the Sun.
3 times as many people to pay the carbon tax$$$
LPBClearly you know not of what you speak. The blatant 'adjustment' of the dust bowl years down is a fact, and common knowledge. Check it out.
'make the company pay when they try to re-import the cheap goods and use that money to help the displaced.'I thought Republicans were fiscal conservatives?
'Finally, it was a good night for Canada. Mr. Dix would have stopped the movement of Alberta oil to the Pacific. 'Speak for yourself. Many Albertans, and Canadians from other provinces, do not support this.
Now, *that's* funny.
I thought Asian's weren't considered minorities because they don't complain, do well in school and in business
That terrible skit where they make fun of that schizophrenic who thinks he's King of England in the Holy Grail is in very bad taste... people might get the idea our leaders were mentally ill!
So haven't they already had those military exercises and Texas is pretty well the same as it was before they took place.
And what did Harper do with our country's finances? Back to deficit! Deal with the facts!!
Soundoff tells us that What's important is all the surface data sets show significant ongoing warming''Significant' is a to Soundoff is small fraction of the margin of error. Ridiculous.
Huh! What does profit have to do with the NRA?
Said the spider to the fly.
Canada has the highest personal debt in the G7 but not the world.
You do understand that Ontario contributes considerably more to the Federal government than does Alberta and receives a relatively small amount in transfer payments. This may change with the reducing pricing of oil.
We haven't reached peak demand yet. I will take all the $0 dollar you will give me!
The PM's role is leadership, not facilitation and not equivocation. His father understood that. Pierre cared not a whit what his critics thought. You may not have agreed with him, but no one doubted he was in charge.
This is how Dear Leader and his merry bunch of CONS do things.
So by this line of reasoning, if we deducted E.I. and C.P.P. premiums as part of a yearly federal tax, would corporations and small business start hiring rather than sitting on huge sums of capital? Just wondering.
Can you get cheaper education in France?
< user deleted >
nu-viewI agree with you that most of the people rounded up were innocents deprived of their rights. However, it was a police operation. Chief Blair and his underlings were responsible for the kettling and violations of the people's civil rights.
The largest native group ( the 6 nations ) are settlers from New York .. No more native to Canada than an Irishman is to Russia
Well, as everyone knows, Trump never makes personal attacks.
I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I. 21 I's, in this short piece says all you ever need to know about Mr. Mulroney.
So much for that Infinite monkey theorem.
Probably the best article I have ever read on this issue. Thanks Barbara.
There were endless and ongoing debates. I attended at least three here in Quebec.
Try the National Observer and Tyee. For honest-to-Gaia takes on what's happening to this part of the planet.
You have to wonder if people like Leitch will stop at immigrants. I mean, they spent the 2011 election telling us that Ignatieff wasn't Canadian enough. The only thing stopping them from deporting him and all of his supporters were our pesky laws!
agnosticism rules!
When creditors come knocking on our door to discuss their $300 billion, Premier Wynne will explain that all is well. It is green debt. Excellent article.
Before you criticize the education system of another country, you should look in your own back yard. Our education system is like a road to nowhere!
It's too bad. I kind of like dull and boring. At least our children won't have to pay for it.........
myob: no. not all. but enough to be truly dangerous. i'm only sorry the rest are so quiet. c.f. hugh segal.
Ford and then Ford; Putin and then Medvedev; is Canada becoming more like Russia or Russia more like Canada? Is it something in the Northern air?
Since when are liberals right wing? --------------------------- Since people stopped giving a crap about the difference between right and wrong. It takes an unethical public to let corrupt politicians get away with corruption.
Canfan - you missed the point completely. Harper is not only targeting the Jewish demographic but the conservative christian fundamentalist base who blindly support his right wing ideology.
Right on, karthon!
Of course his second thoughts he's keeping to himself as he is what's excellent about the column. A nothing contribution from a typical Konrad fanboy who can't articulate why he's thrilled. It's like giving a student an A without reading the essay.
What if the terrorist wannabe plans to attack Egypt and is imprisoned in Egypt shall we also mind our own business and not provide consular services, which ultimately means more taxes too much of this going on lately
I would hope so they've been indoctrinated in it for the past 6 decades. They'll realize it when they are older and have kids of their own wanting to wear whatever will be barely clothing to school.
You have a pathological obsession with Harper.
The gigantic mineral deposits in Afghanistan have been known about since the '50s. The invasion was all about installing a western friendly government and start exploiting them.
Well - about the gullibility - look at Ontariowe !
Very perceptive.
NATO will legalize infiltration, and introduce ferry service between Europe and Africa. That is their way of solving every problem from marijuana, abortion, sharia to migration.
Even if CBC FM were to simply broadcast classical music all day, with breaks for news weather and sport updates, it would gain listeners. The current drek talk shows with discussions by tired nobodies keep people from tuning in.
Why does the globe publish this man's socialist diatribes. I rarely read him and when I do it reminds me of why I don't. Obama is one of the worst Presidents in U.S. History.
Do we really need to point out that the benefits of fossil fuels hugely outweigh any potential negative impacts.
Don't undermine the argument against banning assault weapons by pointing out that terrorists sometimes use much cruder weaponry. Civilians need guns only to hunt or for target shooting. All other guns should be banned.
To paraphrase Confused Philosopher: There are some flaws in Ms. Wente's analysis and she has been criticised for telling activities to 'just grow up.' However, many of her ideas are worth taking seriously.
Yeah, but you're lucky enough to have a yard to plant all those trees on so ...
So you troll your discontent with the 'system' on a night and a commentary board when people across the country are lamenting the end of a cultural entity? Grow up.
Your point? The SCC would have ruled that way- no question.
What should be the punishment for 4 burly RCMP killing a distraught POLE in Vancouver Airport who had been given the run a round for over 8 hours and whose mother was close by but on the other side of 'Security ' ??
Is something wrong with the editing of comments responding to this important editorial? No new comments posted in the last 7 hours, despite the important issues raised.
Wright played the "can't say for sure" card. Perrin stated that he looked right at Novak in the meeting when he was being told and thus wass much more convincing.
isn't a rumour.
How about being a cheerleader for a solvent Canada?
Which was the lynchpin to the national railway which was the catalyst for BC to join confederation. Your statement validates my comment.
tks... you just like Sally Ann...
and there is a least one fly on Ms. Warren: she claimed to be of Indian (Native American) heritage on her Penn and Harvard applications which is not true. Surprisingly Mr Trump has pointed this out.
No, that isn't what the author is talking about. The CMA recommendation already effectively includes your suggestion.
http://observers.france24.com/en/20160115-photo-madaya-girl-syria-fake
Uhhhh......Canadian when you learn to spell correctly?
I see Say Anything is at it again.
Oops. Hordes.
So...at what point do you cut the elderly off of health care?
pounding on 10 millions doors? 
all three times?
roughly half like and half don't those who like are thinking more about immigrants who do NOT want to integrate, assimilate and adapt
The only safe way to not prepare for the last war is to have a perfect understanding of what the next war will be. Events have a way of interfering with those perfect predictions.
Regrettably, I can see 3P's point on this one. No personal animosity towards homosexuals, but I find their misappropriation of the term 'gay' to be offensive.
Ford's support isn't all that deep. If anything, if there is no progressive candidate, a lot of people won't vote, which will just give Ford even more of a chance of winning.
end. Both are required and are in place.
Canada has many friends who are terorist why not semites
1 in 5 families have a 2nd property according to Statscan. Holy leveraged to one asset class.
You are indeed Versatile, Artless. Please stay away form pigs, however, as you might be tempted to emulate your Master.
Strategic voting? That's never happened before!
I will never, ever, ever knowingly purchase any GE produce or foods containing GE ingredients. Why? Some of the reasons are summarized in the excellent documentary Genetic Roulette: The Gamble of Our Lives: https://vimeo.com/65527710
Well, that's a great sweeping generalization, and all sweeping generalizations are wrong.'None' -- good to know those five-year-old kids are all incipient terrorists....And for the rest of you, enjoy your little echo chamber....
Certainly Trump's performance should motivate Democrats to get out the vote.
More CO2 is produced by the coal exported by BC than by Alberta's oilsands. When are you going to shut down BC coal?
Like the lancing of a pus-filled boil, today brings great relief.
Big Pharma doesn't submit negative results.
This hopefully gives a working link - otherwise please cut & paste -Canada's attack on democracy sets tone for Australia | theage. com.au http://m.theage.com.au/comment/canadas-attack-on-democracy-sets-tone-for-australia-20140401-zqpaa.html
Well, then I misunderstand it, too, because I think Cynical nailed it. Just because The Globe is now going to significant lengths to distance themselves from this Con mess doesn't mean that they won't again endorse the Cons.
Haters gonna hate.
Steal billions of OUR $$$ for back door buddies within Health Ministry, buying votes with gas pant moves, and on and on THEN ask for OUR $$$ again to bail US out! What's wrong with this picture Kathleen???????You can only play 'dumb' for so long!
the way you writewithout capital lettersindentationproper use of hyphensor periodsand random paragraphingis disorienting
I believe the point being made is that Saunders is formulaic, just like Wente and several other columnists here. It's rare you get an original column from these people.
I expect McGuinty will flee the County., and then completely disappear. Mafioso credo is to dead end channels of inquiry. Ahhhh I can dream
Now watch for more tax dollars to be wasted by Harper in an effort to overturn this decision.
Well, that's your problem. Regardless, this is a myth.
I live in the city and I have never seen so many bees in my garden. I think this whole thing has been blown out of proportion. Another reason for the complainers to sound off.
Pure drivel. But keep believing yourself!
gadabout ... most important point is emails' content not, who done it. Do you remember the WMD in Iraq or, better yet ... do you think you are smarter than Colin Powel?
Strawman attack. Stay on topic yellowwing.
And, as societal mores change in the future, more apologies could be issued for things generally accepted today. The possibilities... endless.
Socialism has not been discredited -it was merely replaced by Reagonomics and Thatcherism and the like after a relentless media campaign over the last few decades.
Gary, you still owe us Vancouverrites an apology for your column from less than 2 years ago, in which you told us this real estate crisis was all in our heads. Hypocrite.
Class action law suit ...
Eat mor chikin.
her plan needs Council approval, who is failing?
The niqab is a non-issue. When are you religious fundamentalist Tea Partyers going to get over it?
If being Pierre's kid qualifies one for running a country, surely being Jack's wife is sufficient to run Toronto, especially with the national broadcaster and biggest newspaper onside.
An impartial observer might say that our prime ministers are simply representing their constituents, at least most of those who leave comments here.
Moses Znaimer has the answers to save the CBC.
Exactly, Mr. McBean. Thank you.
Same rubbish Canadians produce every election cycle.
The CBC does an excellent job considering the Harper Government have them working on a shoestring.
Our world is a never-ending history of people in motion, including indigenous people. Their goal is to find ways of freezing territorial control at particular moments in time that are most beneficial to themselves.
The Thomson family and their fraudulent conduit, Bob Fife at ctv, have done more to turn Canadian people from voting, than any other. Fail.
214 Montreal: There is a huge difference between using poor judgment in doing something and it being criminal.
Trust us,we're in a much better "pickle" than with Harper.
The per vote subsidy is just stupid. If people want to support a party, get out their wallets. With the per vote subsidy no new party could ever make any headway.
Because you seem to be a dimwitted Canadian flag waver for repeating the same old trope.
By the way -- You know who's been cruising for a suspension for a long time is that loudmouth Pat Martin. Why do people keep electing trash like that? Bring the necessary motions and throw out the trash.
'And that you mention Vietnam and the Phillipines in your list tells me you need to brush up'Not then. Now.
Hey, out of sight, out of mind. That has been an attitude as old as the first human civilization. If you can't see it, it's not happening.
The upside to left wing protest marches in Greece is no one has to miss work to attend.
So then tell the Liberals to stop with the pro-Arab anti-Israel rhetoric.
Gosh, is 'hell' a no no ?
All and all a very weak effort by Mr. Granatstein.
Finally a column by Ms. Wente that I completely agree with! Well said.
Fear and loathing in York University http://blogs.timesofisrael.com/fear-and-loathing-in-york-university/
Hey, thanks for the plug! From the Kitchener-Waterloo part of that article.
BS, it was one of the times that he got sympathy across the board. In hindsight, he got off way too easy. He was a pathological liar and a criminal.
what is it that you like ?style or substance ?
She's not Republican. So Margaret won't like her.
Not forgetting that some would rather spend money on wind farms than on armies, navies or airforce.
Come on Mr. 'Summers'. Surely you possess the intellectual capacity to understand that you can love a person while at the same time hating their ideology. Make love, not jihad.
Obviously the media is following orders from Obama and the White House to trash Trump everyday. President Trump will be laughing about this next summer at how all the leftists were squirming and frothing at the mouth about him
A Starbucks barista in Calgary earns $10/hr. A registered nurse in Calgary earns a median wage of $35/hr. Annual salaries based on experience and qualifications can reach $90k. By comparison the average salary of a lawyer in Canada is $71k.
I want to hear more about this. A possible glimmer of hope for our future.
It's ok dudes, Marx is a troll.
To get an appreciation for the absurdity of the wall watch the 2013 resurrection of Arrested Development. Not as funny as the original but they do a wonderful number on the scam that is the border wall.
Oh please, provide one shred of proof that this is even remotely close to being correct.
Donald is a game changer. Just win BABY.
Khadr, the media's favourite terrorist, has never repudiated his terrorist views nor has he apologized for killing another human being and blinded another. Do we want someone like that walking free?
Don't ever discount old progressive grannies, son.
Yes lets ignore the risks. Mr. Trudeau can of course pay for this and all his other promises by going to the magical money tree he has hidden.
Agreed. I am writing to the Wynne gov't now!!
The camel actually has a better chance - I can prove that using statistics and Quantum Physics .-)
Who said Tory is off the menu? Given the choice, I'll take the non-drunk, non-lying, non-a-hole conservative over Robbie any day.
'Is that a liability?'No, it's actually just your lame opinion. Sorry...
You mean, as a male, when the RCMP rejects my application for employment I can just change my gender and get hired so they can meet their gender quotas? Or change my race to a minority and SNAP! I'm hired?
Neo-Left Statistics - 60% voted against Tory remember how many times sore loser leftists whined that 60% voted against Harper 53% voted against Ford so now we throw the whine back in their faces 60% voted against Tory
Trudeau must have a huge carbon footprint from all of his jetting around the world while championing the end of global warming.
He was referring to the generation that lost Athenian democracy. Your quote doesn't make the point you think it does.
Trump has tapped into a rich seam of anger and frustration which the other candidates and parties are perfectly willing to keep selling out in favour of other people and interests with less at stake and less to loose.
US will dominate over the world another 50 years, whatever a petty Canadian columnist have to say. Canadians lefties are zealous, but who cares.
Wow the ? fell 15%. Big deal. The world will end. Well as Canada $ fell 30% in the last year you condescending Canadian definition of Canada must be a basket case
Where did I categorize anyone as racist. Right, I didn't. What exactly do you disagree with in terms of BLM's message? Their message is that black lives are not treated equally as other people, so if you don't agree with that.....
Justin is importing them by the plane load
And if I was your neighbour, Hipster, I would make sure that your 'massive' sign complied with the bylaws. Bye bye Hipster Trump sign. You cannot really be a hipster and defend a d-o-o-s-h like DT, can ya?
Define 'hypocritical scumbag'.
What are you babbling about?
And this is bad.. .. like how? Some posters insist that the G&M has a consistent message... one that is always counter what ever opinion they have today!! A little difference of POV is a good thing.
Saunder's attitude: https://i-msdn.sec.s-msft.com/dynimg/IC712732.png
There are likely some worthy ideas to pursue in this document but anyone who insists on using the term 'tar sands' loses any credibility with me ... keep trying.
Then renegotiate the treaty that the queen and her representatives imposed on us all that time ago.
Probably best that Federal Government do nothing on health care? Given rising costs and unrealistic expectations of all, the Feds best practice is to let provinces and patients struggle with the mess for a few more years?
That Vacuum was created via Bush, Rumsfeld, and Cheney and remains today. Those 3 did more to negatively impact the planet than Obama could if he held on for 30 terms.
You must be Catholic.
Not here aspparently !
'If Mayor Ford had done this the left would be foaming at the mouth calling for his dismissal.'But Jabba DID do this and then lied about it!
Where have you been living. Male bullies are turfed from office routinely
So Margaret you think that retirement should be abolished. I thought Harper was harsh when he raised the retirement age to sixty-seven.
Anything becomes a pollutant at great enough concentrations
at home as a dictator of a small country with an uneducated population. you mean alberta?
What junk. Yakker is the worst columnist at the Globe, and that is saying something.
WW: Search "protesters who did not vote' Over half arrested did not. Case Closed.
Would prospective Supreme Court candidates have been successful if they said the first order of business would be to seek out and pass assisted suicide overturning the status quo put in place just over 20 years ago?
The Liberals and Cons are now splitting the right wing vote. That's why NPD moves into the lead in EKOS poll. Liberals aren't a progressive party, never were.
Darcy - weren't you hanged for treason 'way back when? Sounds like you've still got a bit of rope-burn left....
And you point is?
You're spoiling brissy's day.
Both actually. Severe dementia and obesity cases are both a risk to workers, who have a high incidence of back injury. The owners are abusive in their own selfish and creative ways.
Those individuals who believe that 30 days in rehab is going to cure his addiction need to find out where he is staying and join him.....
why is this all about Harper to you? are you a union member trying your best at deflection as usual?
Never trust anyone who predicts the future with such certainty. This article and woman are examples of why the British want and need to leave. Another globalist rant about how your average person is too stupid and inept to govern themselves.
Punk was about as intellectually stimulating as Thatcherism and just as nihilistic. Punk epitomized the abandonment of hope by youth under "Thatcher the Milk Snatcher."
Yup, Rural and Northern areas, where every 2nd home has at least 1 long gun in it, are the only parts of Canada with gunshot death rates anywhere close to the USA average gunshot death rate.
yuck its grotesque dont do it.do not make me feel like an anti-soldier type either for expressing it.
Maybe he even talked about grabbing women he didn't know by the p****.He shouldn't be allowed to be on any stage if he said something like that, should he?
they are getting criticized for taking a couple of weeks to figure out how to undo the damage done by Harper to the dept so they can do the job properly
I guess the Globe and Mail just appointed the new captain to the Titanic
Harper is dangerously incompetent. Being an unpleasant man does not imply competence.
Problem is, they are *not* Canadians. If anything many of them are as UnCanadian as its possible to be.
Most people wouldn't notice a switch to 2-3 deliveries a week: But remember how important postal delivery is for magazines and weekly newspapers. Then Canada Post can concentrate on faster delivery of profitable packages.
you mention the Charter freedoms yet you support the notion that Trinity has no right nor freedom of religion. Hypocritical sir.
There is a competence issue regarding the e-mails.
But 'reality' is flexible, ever changing
So someone like Charles Taylor, for example, must be intellectually inferior because he is a practicing Catholic?
What goes around comes around.
GDP grew during the financial melt down of 2008 and onwards? Now who's drinking the coolaid.
I so agree. If we lessen the anyi Iran rhetoric and build bridges, our relationship with Iran can slowly improve. I so hope Ottawa listens to our diplomats and absorbs the recent actions of the US.
You expect too much from a bunch of cowards.
Politics is a school all its own.
Trump is an idiot.
That's too ignorant to be worthy of a real answer.
blackandblue1, if you think that people should receive different treatment based solely on thieir ancestry/race, then it is YOU who are dirty racist, whether you realize it or not.
so Le Pen has 'daddy issues' but Justin Trudeau doesn't? I find nepotism in politics, right, left or centre disturbing. Unless of course we want to be an oligarchy..........like the States.
I've never heard these points before. Can you tell me where to find more information on them?
Wearing a burka, niqab, or any other face covering is unacceptable in a professional work setting. If my religion is to wear a giant cowboy hat at all times, I shouldn't expect my employer to allow that.
You're a dead giveaway when you say you 'work off the drive'. The whole area is anti-resources. And you'll always be on the losing side.
Confused again - You can be arrested for not paying for anything regardless of the company. That is a false comparison.
I don't care where he is, and I don't want to know. All I want is for him to stay where he is, and not come back. Is that too much to ask?
Perhaps such a professor studies a form of governance (and its many varied types and variants) that has been the subject of theory and empirical exploration since at least 5th century BC.
300 lb. white supremacist? Have you seen George Zimmerman? He is a visible minority himself. It's not White vs. Black
The big difference between the two men is thatChretien loves Canada and Harper does not.
Keep that up luke and you might not get paid.
Oh yes, so very much worse.
a change in ownership
You mean nothing was unprecedented and there were no records before climate change hit the scene? You mean, every day/year was like the one before?
Because that's done a lot to curb the regressive zealots in Iran, terrorist sympathizing loser.
Once again, Margaret gets it absolutely wrong .... Hillary Clinton is the abyss ......
Chris- the charter doesn't do jack to protect people in Quebec as the government can just invoke the notwithstanding clause. It is pretty much as useless as the office of religious freedom when it comes to the Quebec file.
How many people on the reserve you live in either work in or derive their income from Kingston or Trenton, which are 45 minutes away?
No pro-Israel speech, please, we are leftistsApartheid Week is OK on campus but we will disturb with violence if necessary if you try pro Israel speechfor the university is a place of the free exchange of ideas - sarcasm, irony
@colros and gay Jews and gay arabs - no apartheid there in israel ' in other arab countries - apartheid of GAYS --- whoa, let's not go there...
It doesn't mean anything, but it's the kind of vapid word that give progressives instant orgasms.
Gotta like those pollsters. With their record for accuracy demonstrated in both the Alberta and BC provincial elections, I think the only way we'll know the outcome of the next election is to wait until after the election, two years hence.
If this is such a big issue that the U.S. got wrong... I say keep torturing these a-holes until they get it right.
Still in a tizzy over the demise of communism and the success of free enterprise?
Excellent question.
It is in St. Petersburg
FIVE questions? Seems like this whole article is nothing but questions. So my question is, what is the point?
Sorry, but the EU is not a true democracy.
it isn't politically correct to speak the truth so media stay silent
Adolescent sloganeering is all the left is good for. Hit the streets with your pink Mohawks and let the adults handle the serious issues.
solitary confinement is torture, no matter what the other side.
Why do you want to?
You have quite the reputation as a fathead on this site don't ya Billy. Hear you are livin in your pickup?'Common usage often refers to various forms of asphalt/bitumen as 'tar', such as at the La Brea Tar Pits''en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Asphalt'
Funny but actually true from an' islamic 'point of view.
And yet this opinionated dunce of a columnist who has no experience in medical science or clinical research, yammers on about something he knows nothing about. So do many posters.
Thanks for letting this person know that it is a positive thing that her child's health was "sacrificed" for the sake of everyone else's children. Nice! (sarcasm here- since you may not get it).
That is why we keep getting updated flu shots, unlike Polio. They work, they are effective and the scientific and medical community has done us a huge favour by recognizing and keeping up with mutations. You don't ignore a problem you deal with it.
Quebec did not formally sign off on the Constitution. No Quebec government has ever ratified it.
PS: IPCC's AR5 is here: http://www.climatechange2013.org/images/report/WG1AR5_ALL_FINAL.pdf
Taxidermy as well.
Lee, you don't write like you have a Ph.D.
Oh the pettiness... the left have plenty.
VERY well said!
What Castro 'deserved' is to die a long time ago.
rptr22It is not the bad apples that are unfortunately unavoidable. It is the closing ranks effecting a coverup that is objectionable. It ranks right up there with genocide (another RC past crime).
He obviously likes to make debating points and is passionate about the underdog. The narrow part is the old style NDP dogma that he can't seem to evade.
I totally agree. The headline for this column says it all - 'play' the statesman, not 'be' the statesman (which is completely outside his character). Notwithstanding, Harper's pretending to be a statesman might save a few refugee lives.
Hopefully he attacks you for the stupidity of your post.
Is the purpose of the PMO not to provide sage advice to the prime minister in the governance of the nation? If so then why is it the people there seem to spend all their energies in paying stupid games on behalf of the Bloody Tory party?
The Human Rights Watch report linked in the article is a must read.
Dumb and dumber?
'BC could make as much as a trillion dollars for LNG exports'HA, anyone who bought that line of hooey should not be allowed to vote.
The Globe recently reported the average Canadian had $200 at the end of each month to pay for emergencies and savings. With the carbon tax, staying warm and filling the tank are now considered emergencies.
Given the threatening tone of one of Manitoba's 'Grand' Chiefs, I wonder if its safe for the PM, let alone the GG to be in the same room with him. wills37
Were your ancestors pusillanimous fools?
As a lifetime New Democrat, the day my party crawls into bed with the Liberals, is the day I'll tear up my membership card.
Everybody hates somebody. Even Harper hates somebody. We just don't know who it is or how many.
Are you being sarcastic with that comment ?
Haven't heard of the Magna Carta have you?
Well we didn't know that as we haven't studied that area or that liquid personally ourselves. I guess you have more experience when it comes to the 'rear' of things.
Neo-liberalism at work! And to think I somehow voted for it.
And crooked, too. Look at the number of Liberals on the Beer Store payroll as 'consultants'. Of course the fix is in and we are all getting hosed, as a result.
.Good point 'G'..
Hockey is a Canadian game and it is time Canada took it back from the NHL. How about a professional Canadian league limited to Canadian born players played in Canadian cities. It would be the best hockey in the world.
Disgusted: " ..The "young" I know do not vote because the people on the ballot are either ethically challenged or sycophants who will support any bill the Whip tells them too.." Doesn't that prove my point ?!
Ah yes, calling other people 'Low Information' and then displaying an incredible lack of understanding concerning the Bush v. Gore case. Classic Barry. You're like the poster boy for unintentional irony.
Canada tried Prohibition before the US did. It gave the Brofman's their start by way of an inter-provincial loop hole.
Oh Lyle, that comment must be snark.
Ferdinand Marcos? LOL!
Great article.....been there done that.
Utter nonsense
We've got to get these assault trucks off the street. Nobody needs an automatic truck....especially one with 18-wheels.....4-wheels is enough for anybody. Only the military should be permitted to have 18-wheel automatic assault trucks.
You are surprised now?- As Justin's favorite saying goes- 'Just watch me'.He is just getting started, and we will all pay heavily.
Takes alot of peoples money to stay in power when you're a CON!
Failing? Failing whom, Margaret? No topic has ever served better to illuminate your self-absorption, paucity of experience, or failure of imagination.
"they don't take it seriously because they know..." You give many of these people too much credit. They don't "know" much about anything, and rarely give a thought to something called "consequences"--good or bad. It's live (and feel) for the moment.
Miller sure did a number didn't he!
Interestingly, the vast majority of pet euthanasia is done because the animal has been abandoned, not out of mercy at the end of life. Think about it.
Any thoughts on Pierre Poutine, election fraud, the Senate and its fraudsters, tax evasion or the Senators with tax evading spouses ? It must have been the NDP who brought on the deficits in Ottawa, Alberta, Toronto, BC, etc, etc, etc.
I'm a married old lady and I read it. The older single women I know are happier than the marrieds not sure why that is but the happiest older couples I know are actually the gay and lesbian ones.
So is it the religion or the fact that they happen to be military dictatorships such as Egypt?
Thank you for this article. The Harper government is unreal. It does not speak for the vast majority of Canadians.
The limitless power of the Internet... https://archive.org/stream/NationalLampoon1972_07/1972_07#page/n35/mode/2upSlightly funnier was the half-page photo (p. 18) of a happy crowd captionedWho will fill the vacuum? HOOVER DEAD: A NATION MOURNS
They likely did not choose the title. Editors usually do that.
stop hiding under your bed
Not until he does the Del Mastro shuffle, I cannot wait... can you Harry...? :-)
You would think a professor would be smart enough to see that all this pie in the sky posturing is nothing but a tax grab.
colon7, you are partially right. Religion is the problem. A minority of one religion.
Ya, if he had kept his word then this would be credible.
It is has long been apparent to me that in the right-wing lexicon, 'hate' is defined as 'to merely disagree with'.
Conservatives... Ingesting a plant, or drinking a beverage put on this earth by their god... Pure evilDrinking the blood and eating the flesh of the son of god in a cannaballistic ritual, resulting in you hating gay people.... OK
Thanks for the great non sequitur. For future reference do you only validate a comments if it is written by hand using products that are disconnected from the global economy?
On what basis would you be calling the cops? Neither of them are breaking the law.
radicalized = reform, tea party, old testament, scarlet letters, Koch puppets
Did anyone else notice? Pierre Poilievre / Pierre Poutine, kind of similar - but who's the Jeckyl and who's the Hyde of that pair?
From Carelton, go figure. So the issue is to keep discriminatory practices intact as long as the previously discriminated against are free from discrimination for the benefit of the most recently discriminated. Easy.
And her second instinct is to deny her first instinct.
The guy in the picture looks like exactly the type who could have written this editorial.
The sense of entitlement among high school 'jocks' is boundless. Says this former high school nerd.
You are a complete sicko Ultra. That's my opinion and I'm sticking to it.
except the Liberals a far closer to the Conservatives than the NDP... so what's your point?
Don't confuse the issue with facts, JHM4.
Last time I checked everyone was free to apply to any job in this country. Don't be jealous of people driving trucks if you are unwilling to take on high risk jobs.
You're right Jaybe ... just look how well our Supreme Court functions ...
Right. The more realistic outcome is that somebody like Orr would not be protected but rather would simply be let go.
Because he is a coward.
Maybe you can call it protection money....
Yet why does the debt never go down. Well it may briefly, then it's suddenly larger again. Actually becoming debt/deficit free is myth whether left or right or center.
Red herring alert.
Bwahahahahah. Its a conspiracy I tell ya! A conspiracy!
Before Trump got elected I would have agreed with youBut its impossible to imagine Trump doing anywhere near as good as Obama did on foreign policy
It contains things that a year or so ago would get a post censored from the Comments section.
just what Harper demonstrated in 2012... lack of bytes and cowardice... he made no effort to prevent the Syrian Civil war....
that's your jobat least their thumbs are opposable
You think that asking the leader of a hostile foreign country to break US law to help you defeat a political opponent isn't wrong?
No, that wasn't a political statement. That was a joke/meme, floating around the internet. There are similarly offensive depictions of Clinton too, if you're interested. People are quite capable of judging Trump on the things he says.
Are you that obtuse or terribly ignorant? Haven't you ever read, heard, or told that the Cons inherited a SURPLUS from Martin and they turned it to $ Billions DEBT? I guess you are both of the above plus a Con fanatic...
It's different for Liberals. They delude themselves and think they are a majority.
Britain On The Brinkhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yR83juHjCuo
no it was the left turn the PC took about 10 years ago
Yeah right. If the conservatives did this you'd be outraged.
Harper thinks Canada can be run like a corporation, with himself as CEO. That plan is failing badly.
Booze, gambling and now protection. Government is acting much like the mob.
Exactly. The answer is blowing in the wind and Simpson and most others are blowing along with it.
Canada never had alcohol prohibition. In the US, after 1914 you could not walk into a pharmacy and buy cocaine. Having your facts straight always helps.
We have fewer pigs at the patronage pot and there is less sex in the scandals but they are still a useless bunch of pigs living on the public purse for their lifetime. (salary & pension).
... the word fascist is intended to mean 'oppressive', 'intolerant', 'chauvinist', 'genocidal', 'dictatorial', 'racist', or 'aggressive' ...I think canfan used the word correctly.
Hedged:'When it comes to sovereign countries, they have always been able to select immigrants and set behavior expectations.'Jeepers. I could have sworn that I told you to go home, and you're still here! Allez, allez maintenant!
. 966 days 23201 hours 1392065 minutes 83523914 seconds But, hey, who's counting?.
Trudeau didn't hand pick: WrightDuffyWallinBrazeauOdaBruce CarsonPenashueAnd those are just the cheats. I don't have enough space for the incompetents.
None, why do ask?
@ReasonInsteadofReligionPrecisely. You hit the nail on the head. The values of islam are not compatible with the fundamental values of the West.
You are going into your auto repeat mode, cut and paste daily rants, sigh... wish you had some new material instead of your pre-scripted copies you keep on file...
Why must it?
All those good intentions may be for naught with our first past the post system, vote splitting is Harper's best friend.
RegressiveCons need to be sent back to the century they came from....the 16th I believe.
check out the judgement and investigations into 9/11. You don't have a clue about anything do you
Perhaps more to the point is the fact that Mulcair continues to beckon to BQ members saying, but only in French of course, that you can have it all if you just come over to the NDP.
PEW Center In England alone - BBC, Channel 4. YouGov (muslim students) All show fairly consistent results which are quite shocking.
Four legs good, two legs bad. Bleat! Bleat! Bleat!
aratsep1completely agree with you ...but truly there is no indication he even HAS an ethical compass... sadly, there is NOTHING I would put past this gangto try to cling to power... nothing. It's frightening.
I think not
'Fascinating contrast in ideals and values'...as are your posts & logical thought
?Why Our Brains Are Wired to Ignore Climate Change.? Yes, we are suspect of advocacy masquerading as science. I think what is being referred to here is commonly known as logical thinking.
Like totally bullshivik. :)
Thanks for your input Mr.Harper.
I was born here, as my ancestors for 14 generations. I was always so proud of being Canadian. These days, I often slip into shame. I want these conservatives out. Pronto. I want my countrys dignity back.
Sinatra hung out with sleazeballs, so he was not much of a role model.
I thought Pierre was dead?
Is it up to Canada to interfere with a Muslim country where Muslims follow Islam, the hadiths and the verses in the Qur'an and a country that uses Sharia law based on Islam to deal with their people and people who come that country?
Well said, Martin.
Yes - that's the only reason Harper would support the lefty Republicans!
While Canadians disapprove of the Niqab, most defend the right of Ms. Ishaq to wear it. But we do not tolerate dishonesty. Because covering up your face is less loathsome than covering up your corruption.
Some ideas have merit; 'Third, allow voters to vote by mail,' is just inviting fraud.
Uh, you are a "narrow minded observer of form" That alarm you hear is ringing in between your ears. lol.
The Chretien dollar packed a real punch, too.
What difference does it make if you're 'born here'? How about my neighbour who came here as a 6 month old or my spouse who immigrated as a two year old? Are they less Canadian than you? I would say no way, they aren't. They are all Canadians.
Who says I am a Trump fan? I am merely reporting facts, you are speculating.
we can only conclude that Dick's pathological hatred of the Canadian military comes from being told he wasn't good enough to join! Mentally, physically and ethically!!
Bravo Globe! Did you manage to see some light when you crawled out from under your rock?
Yeah....the victimhood industry does well with such thinking.
Frankly, I can't stand this guy.
You cant argue with 17 of the top 29 when you are half the size. In this measure the Catholic system is achieving 70%+ better than the balance of the public system. I think it had something to do with the public system being essential valueless.
Speaking of decoupled from reality, an hour after this you credulously repeated a completely debunked claim about the origin of methane from the Earth's mantle.
Fantastic Boys!!
Non
Yeah sure.. I don't think you would find Justin hiding in a closet.
Or just abolish the whole dang thing! (cheers from Airdrie!)
Pull the head out of the backside and realize that saying 'you should be like me' is about as juvenile a comment that anyone over the age of 3 can make. Grow up. BTW both bacon and eggs and fracking can kill you. Progress? Not so much.
"U guys?" I'm no cowboy.
@wellington was JUSTIN born rich ? do you really want a born rich as Prime minister?
Well, they prefer a particular version of history at any rate. The one that accords with their political views. I'm not sure that particular vision has much to do with the actual past - it's largely a fantasy.
Nobody has ever overdosed on marijuana.
whenever someone uses the term 'junior' everyone else knows they are a paid con troll
But Steve will be making hay with it from now until 2015.
This is just a manufactured tactical attack by Christy Clark and the BC Liberals... When you have nothing good to say about your own track record attack, attack, attack... That's the BC Liberal party's tactics and it's not going to work.
"education verticals"?? More nu-speak. Woe is us.
Exactly - the USA does not recognize Canadian sovereignty over the North West Passage etc. As for Russia getting involved - let?s not go off the deep end.
And the nonsense that they devoted too many resources to attacking the NDP is laughable. Does she think we've all forgotten the ubiquitous 'Just not ready' ads?
You are correct. And people are noticing in larger numbers.
if you haven't read this it is illogical for you comment on it.
When was that? Last week?
I guess the political world looks different when you're observing it from the underbelly of a ship!
Terry Fox? You're an idiot.
Jack Reach-Around, groping for excuses...
The 'Just not ready' ads are devastating? Oh come on. They look like a Rick Mercer satire of the most lame ads ever seen. The Conservatives are definitely well beyond their 'best before' date.
The truth really hurts, doesn't it Sartor?
Oh, plz... Tibet is so 1990s. We should care about our First Nations before we help anybody else.
That may have been then, this is now. Wake up and smell the coffee!
Evil hates the light of day.
He is writing about the arts not druggies
When it comes to FN Politics, there is only one comment anyone CAN make:'Who do I make the cheque out to?'
Kinda makes you wonder how nature survived before humans came along.
Britain is a real country again. Their Supreme Court will no longer be overruled by foreigners in Brussels, nor will unelected Eurocrats set their immigration policies.
Very interesting. Something you don't hear from the Liberal haters who feel Mr. McGuinty 'bought off' the Ontario Teachers.
I'm guessing you are from Ontario ! Maybe you should place your anger were it belongs ! With the criminal provincial government that you continually elect.
The NDP and the Conservatives don't need to search anywhere for JT's flaws. He exhibits them every time he opens his mouth. He reminds me so much of the young Joe Clark, except that Joe had lots more political experience. wills 37
What a hateful comment. It sure says a lot about you and nothing about women
They lie and cheat to serve their real masters.
Or that 40,000 mostly Muslim refugees from the epicentre of terrorism do NOT pose a security threat to Canada? Or that he'd run a $10 billion deficit that has already ballooned to $30 billion after only 5 months in power? Lies,lies,lies!
he's pulling your chain Mark .
...Says the man who didn't know the PMO was a public institution....So, based on that, we should just accept any unsubstantiated assertions you make around who's a liar and who isn't, right?
And, without knowing anything whatever about how those councillors voted, you name names and claim they failed their constituents?
good points; had this writer been called on before the primaries, he would have concluded that Trump was doomed -- by many of the same factors he outlines above
@MMackinnon - Point #1.
..... better than you giving yourself a thumb up...LOL
Haha you find me a society where men get pregnant and I'll show you a country with abortions on every street corner :) right next to the free birth control clinics!
Bovine Scatologist without any support of being the original asks...'Here's the million dollar question. What if he acts like this again?'Then Margaret having erred twice herself would have to continue to tread gently :)
Still here, NTA? I thought you cancelled your subscription. Maybe spend the money you saved on spelling lessons.
'Re-engineering of Canada over'. Amen!
I provided a very long list which was not included. It's very easy to find.
Dear Peering: Agreed. I don't think, though, that Norbert shares the goal of equal opportunity and the ability to make one's own choices.
Poor Canada. What hope is there for Canada when fools such as Baird are the government. Oh Canada, what has happened? Who let the zionazi sock puppets get the reins of power?
Try all you want. His father loved commies. Just like his son does.
You are too kind
I agree that isolation is cruel and inhumane. We should not practice it here in Canada. There must be an alternative.
Vote4Me: Sure, sure. No need to get too excited.
sounds good. let's disband the military and simply keep paying everyone's salary... that'd be the intreasts of the soldiers first
The vocabulary fairy's two cents worth
@alex dennison what kind of gov't policies would lead to large speaking fees? Mandatory paid Bill Clinton speeches for the populace?
A change at the top in ownership and management must be mandatory to ANY new funds and support. The Beaudoin/Bombardier family continues to get rich on the backs of taxpayers....enough is enough!
Yes we understand that you Russians are violently opposed to Ukraine getting rid of its corrupt and criminal government. I'm a bit sceptical myself of Russia's imperialistic meddling and funding of the criminal yanukovich....
This is just a conservative little list off the top of your head. C'mon. Give us a more liberal assessment.
Second attempt at posting. Ms. Hoodfar actually has three passports with Ireland being the third.
Canada's problem is too much and bad government.
WHAt? Why would you be impartial? Hamass is a terrorist organization, Israel is a democracy.
What is the 'right' thing to do?Then do it.It is ridiculous to stall regardless of party. This has to be a top priority.
And what are those who write anonymously, Road?
LOL The usual crew (including you) would be sobbing in their Labbatt's if it were women mocking men.
You want them to serve in Assad's Armed Forces? So they can use poison gas on their enemies?
What wealth are you referring to?
Yes, they actually ARE reducing spending very quickly, BUT clearly any more drastic measures WOULD tank the US (and world) economy. The BEST way to reduce the deficit/debt is to grown the economy.
That'd keep armies going.
The Chief Justice of the Supreme Court is a cushy job? You really have no idea what you're talking about, do you?
Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they aren't out to get you!
That's pretty close and really funny
Some businesses gross less than others. For example, grosses on food sales are very low. Your plan would chase food sellers away. Where to you plan to buy your food?
integrity ?? hahahahaha this is harper ....... the filthy creep who started his career with a MILLION dollar bribe to a dying MP
It has nothing to do with political leanings. Harper's been bad for our fiscal situation and our economy and pointing it out things like his fake smoke and mirrors balanced budget is simply stating facts.
@equinegoddess: I hope you are kidding. $45k after only 20 years experience is pretty damn good. How many people do you know that retire after only working 20 years?
Maybe you should inform yourself as to who did the hostage taking. Start by considering who locked out the teachers and refused to bargain, later doing so in bad faith.
Good thing neither of those are paid for by the federal government...
PIGL - Academics go where they can a job. If you teach political science or philosophy............
How about making a nice profit by charging people to deliver mail to their house including the super mailbox people. Give them an option. Now that's an idea but we always sink to the lowest common denominator, just the same way we do in health care.
Parents were consulted DangerN.
Perhaps because people like you are too clueless to see it as important... it is what leaders do........
The assumption on the revenue tools by many was $ would stay where they were raised. The Libs should have pushed that, but didn't.
The separate Catholic school system is no doubt the most inequitable, discriminatory and unjustifiable factor in Ontario public life. It is well worth the trouble of eliminating.
Not all Quebecers are intolerant like her. Over 2/3 of Quebecers did not vote for her and since the election her numbers have fallen.
Brain dead Harper Cultist.
Those reserves are far bigger than any land my ancestors were ever given. The tiny plot of land I own I had to pay for, and still pay taxes on it.
I support a voluntary $100 fee.
Who would deal with illegal immigration and bogus refugees better ? HARPER OR JUSTIN OR MULCAIR? you know who Jason Kenney reformed immigration abuses best immigration minister ever
Actually we banned pot in this country years before the Americans even thought of banning it.
Your grasp of history is a little weak.
I really don't care about the money, just do not feed us junk programming.
I had no idea that this course could be that difficult. Thanks for sharing this article with us and for all your comments. RegardsRodhttp://www.gerijoy.com
no no no. you're conflating again. A classic case of "whataboutery". Stick to the issue at hand. Yoga is nothing to do with it. Or North Korea. Move on.
He is no orator and no speech of his will go down in history... his delivery is stiff and halting and when TelePrompTerless he wanders off topic and makes remarks that he regrets later as he did after his red line in the sand speech.
Bitter, no?
He likes it that way !
The comment about hypocrisy is a nonsense. It speaks to the depths of racism in Canada.
A pasted on smile won't do it...
Oh yes, we really miss Harper's bombast! Lol
It's amazing the types of babbling lunatics you can vote buy with a cheap grease burger. The elitist Fords must laugh themselves to sleep over these dupes.
I like the way this Snrub thinks!
Apparently they're not protectors of cop cars though....
There's still evenings and weekends.
Allan Ross 14 hours ago Bogey provides nothing but blind partisan ideology and low intellect, juvenile comments. -------- ALLAN ROSS who preaches using facts yet provides NONE
America's craven politicians are prepared to see their own children die rather than risk their careers.
Agree with the last post, but the current divorce rate is not 50%, nor even 40%, but in the mid 30s. It only ever reached 50% in the 80s and has fallen since.
Exactly the same number Obama had hired at same point in his prep to take office in 2008. So you say OK for Obummer but not for Trump, why?
Exactly - but the politically correct cause du jour makes for terrific headlines.
Not likely. Garneau is not getting any younger.
No President has been so out of his depth since Carter... and the world has three more years of this blundering community organizer.
@OldBanister: I would urge you to post this comment of yours on the main thread instead of as a reply to a reply so that more people can see it.
Hurt your feelings NWN, did I?
Ever since Harper got elected, we have been showing our middle finger to the world and guess what? The world won't do business with us now. Surprise, surprise.
LOLFirst time ever agreeing with Mike5!!! I'm buying a lottery ticket on my way home.
Not any more than repealing the laws against homosexuality were. You can have your family, be fully engaged in family values and not be threatened by either prostitutes or homosexuals.
The Israeli embassy would not approve such a paragraph? I assume the assistant to the vice-counsel at the Israeli embassy still has to pre-approve all communications from her prot?g??
impounding cars creates an issue. What if the offender is driving someone else's vehicle? I would much rather see an impounded phone.
So a bunch of grunts should be running a very intricate find uncial model and making major decisions? I don't think so.
Research-driven sex education written and "researched" by Ben Levin (convicted sex offender).
By all means! Lets elect the Liberals so we can get the old gang of sycophants and toadies back in power before they lose their touch.
we can hope, anyway...
You mean like the environnuts to whom the law doesn't apply since they have 'faith?'
Trump supporters insist he is something different, not a political elite. Then when he's proven to be lying, you trump out that all politicians do it. Cynicism isn't a replacement for thinking.
Come on Progressive, step up and answer the question.
who is this idiot! another great reason I cancelled my subscription to this once great paper
Better to hide in the closet.
The words of gutless surrender. Hard to imagine that this is what has become of the Vikings
The good doctor is not only a quack he practices television medicine which is about as good as voodoo medicine. Actually I should not insult voodoo as I have no evidence that it does not work.
Exactly Barley5. My stepfather was a violent wife-beater. His violence was fuelled by alcohol. So I've lived first hand through what alcohol can cause. And nobody in history has ever OD'd from pot. Plenty die from an overdose of alcohol consumption.
Too bad 'The World' didn't nominate Trump, a bunch of American rednecks and wingnuts did. And 'The World' didn't bestow a Nobel on Bob, a Nobel committee did.
Martin; the thumbs down are a little hard to figure out. There are lots of researchers going around the world right now trying to get information and plant samples from indigenous people who use them for medicinal purposes.
Does the Leader of the Opposition in BC, Adrian Dix, get equal time in The Globe and Mail?
Trudeau emulates his mentor, Chretien, who nearly split up the country.
Since their propaganda department wrote it's first headline in the supposedly 'Leftie' newspapers.
'I realize this is commentary'Do you?
The US has issues but if you asked an immigrant which country they would prefer to live in, they'd say the US over Canada.
Exactly. I don't even think Trump believes half of what he spews.. but he knows the American public is lapping it all up and that it's his fastest route into the White House.
Bless you for the Scottish example. Anything else is just a rigged game - the personal dice of Georgian kings.
more baby eyes please.
It is sad that Israel will not recognize the genocide of the Armenians.
You, MacKenna sound like a quadruple zero to me.
Plus: how can we change our legislation so that we're never subjected to a government of trolls and thugs like this one, without a means of evicting them before waiting for another election.
Not paranoid. Just out of touch with political reality.
This is hilarious. Coming from a paper that spent the last decade as Stephen Harper's lapdog, endorsing his re-election on condition that he afterward would see fit to resign, this is beyond petty. Seriously, as a newspaper have you no self-respect?
The Left plays the Racist card to shut down debate
Yeah- you just keep thinking that amigo. What problem? We have a supertanker heading for the rocks and a bunch of go-cart drivers advising on how to drive the thing, or not. Science is a scam right- absolutely brilliant.
Probably not, but we need to start somewhere.
I sense a gary larson cartoon is on its way
Exactly right. Women who work outside the home rarely have 3 or more kids.
Since we are speaking of hypocrisy let's not forget the Tories who championed this prior to the election but are now seemingly resolutely opposed to it. What has changed in six months? Who do they know now that they didn't know then?
Call Jughead a turnip and you get 'moderated'....Meanwhile Mr. Harper was called everything under the sun by the assorted vagrants, and professionally unemployable pinkos that lurk these boards hourly... no issues... Sunny Daze!
Politicians are leaders because they are popular, not because they are smart. In fact, there is evidence that you are likely smarter. Read: Leaders: Not the smartest in the roomwww. newworldparty.org/2014/06/leaders-not-smartest-in-room.html
You can't use 'independent' and 'CBC' in the same sentence. That's an oxymoron.
Or you could just embrace reason and disavow yourself of petty superstitions.
The in-house lawyer keeps the corruption within the PMO.
Not an irrational thought, given Harper's behaviour and disrespect for the rule of law - it's certainly crossed my mind as well.
It would be appropriate for Eric Adams to explain in simple terms why Americans would be better off with someone who is corrupt and potentially be indicted.
Hyperbole. Have you met the provincial liberals?
We can be proud that barry is not in politics or a position of any influence.
I've just practised a good, loud coughing fit, but i need to get in better shape.
A very good cautionary piece. The staggering amount of flared gas is a huge waste of a non renewable resource as well as an enormous contributor to GHG.
Be sure that you blame a con, not the drunken PS union brothers that actually did the deed. Those clowns were supervised for years by the province and were never disciplined. What a load of crap.
rob deserves another chance. nobody's perfect. i'm not perfect. are you perfect? no, I mean, seriously, are you perfect?
I guess when we move on we will have to walk.
I see that the Central Committee for the greater glory of the Grandson of Mau Mau deleted my verifiable facts. Rogue chimp eh? Any relation to Obama. ahhhh ooooaaahhha, ooooo.. eeeeee
'Educated' means believe exactly as you do? Why don't we muzzle your free speech?
My biggest complaint is that we are not CUSTOMERS. We line up in smelly, dingy stores, where the operating hours are for the seller's convenience.
If it is instituted, I imagine they would create a sound proof area for cell phone talkers and people with animals.
Actually, it is the complete opposite. I would like to market my grain through the CWB but I can't because none of the large grain handling companies will take it.
And the Doctors that gave Makaila Sault the adult dose of chemical her parents say caused her death, innocent?
Great post....bang on.
rick the CON will defend all CON crime.
No, we can't succeed among ourselves according to Saunders. Instead of learning to wear condoms on your head why not start donating them.
Or at least the Order of Canada. He will say only the nicest of things about Adrienne Clarkson and John Raulsto Saul, no matter how odious they really are.
Duh!! Let's see what he does before considering underlining the obvious.
Clinton is not short in the greed and ego megalomania departments. She just gets better press.
"Yeap. Just like if.." No
Those don't 'prove' anything about 'life'. Obama's position on abortion, whatever it actually is, is no more anti-science than yours.
I wonder how much more time they were given than the Parliamentary committee was. That was two days advance notice.
Anybody know what Oor Wullie thinks about all this? ;)
Lucy Decoutere herself said that her lawyer flew to Toronto to get her prepared.
There is an important trend globally away from the centre and towards extremes. Enter Trump, Sanders, Corbyn, Ford, Jobbik, National Front, etc. Does not bode well for elevated debate and a prosperous future.
pew-pew-pew! I'll save you! pew-pew-pew!
Okay, Ben should be soldier age by now, yes? Send him over.
As a PM, Harper rates a D-. Worst we've ever had.
There are Russians in other states, but nowhere do they constitute a majority. So when it is a question of 'self-determination', the Russians would not win. The best thing for them is to return to Russia.
Another good article - thanks! Plus many of the restaurants are already doing this, so this is redundant.
I think I will make up the pseudonym Think-Left and post the same silly reply on every comment in the Nation Post and Sun
Big Martini, well put and very true.
What about that climate change that happened before there was consumers?
and to apologize--and again in 2019 when the Liberals are wiped off the electoral map.
As long as we allow advertising to support our media ( 'free' ) - we will get a corporate interest press. As soon as we pay for media and content directly we will only then get a free press.
Brilliant!
Did you even read the article before attempting your spin?
I have never been so embarrassed. it didn't take long for The Harper gov't long to ruin a once brilliant Global reputation. Shame.
Do you just string random misspelled words together? Your post does not make a lot of sense.
Les - How many seats did con leader Kim Campbell win in the 1993 Federal election? In case you are too young to remember, the answer is - Two.
WHERE ARE THE STORIES ON THE PANAMA PAPERS G&M?
These communities that garner so much income from private enterprise ought not to be getting taxpayer funding in any form. I work full time and by doing so am ineligible for welfare, as it should be.
How many more times do we have to hear the word 'balance'.
Your comments are awaiting Moderation. If okely dokely in our version of okely dokely, then you may see the light of day. Or Not.
Spineless. Wimpy. Where's my thesaurus when I need it..........
So if I marry a Jew, an Irishwoman, or a Pakistani, they should automatically become Canadian, eh? Even our Immigration Office isn't that open armed.
> Apparently we carbon sinners are doomed. All you have to do is start using your brain. I understand that, to you, this spells doom. Still.
It's already hot in June when it's in session, I don't buy it. How many schools are actually unairconditioned?
The 1 % are entrenched because they were able to profit exorbitantly by paying cheapy wages and no pensions for a long run , thanks to political help like ' TFW' , tax cuts, and much more.
Remember to flush the toilet in the spring of 2018!
I did not know that. What is a reference for it?
no thanks... Tory supports revenue tools.
The brown squirrel runs up the purple tree. He was afraid of the green butterfly. Link that back to your comments.
There is this quality that we have forgotten called self control Stop buying the product and the product will be cnanged
pffft. What will that accomplish, exactly?
Oops ...... It's over
ONguy, if I were you I would let those people be on notice that you will report them to the Human Rights Commissions if you identify instances of legally actionable hate speech.
I'm looking forward to history's view of our attempt to adjust the earth's temperature....i.e the 2 degree target. Why don't we try to chage wind direction too ?
Best said.
Don't take it personally. All who choose to be part of this country will accept the sins of the government.
Hey Nemo, when are you leaving. A date please.
'its miserable track record in integrating its existing immigrant populations?'Seems to me that the onus for integration rests solely upon the immigrant; it's not up to the country to adapt, it's up to the newcomer.
Ontario is going to have to do a B.C. and tax the speculators. They've all come east to harvest the low-hanging fruit.
Won't you consider visiting this SITE more frequently ? Please.
They can't find anything better to do.
B.S. and you know it!
Why not? Where is the evidence that Christians behave more morally than non-theists? At least an ethics based on humanism is more admirable than a scheme of (fictional) rewards and punishments.
"Grimm's Fairy Tales" is not being offered in most schools. It has equal relevance to any religion whatever. There is no reason to study fiction in elementary or secondary school. Save it for the experts.
Neil's actually not grouchy at all. But believe what you want.
That would be the IPCC who doubled down on warminghttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1_b8WXowpSA
LOL considering how much time you spend on the G&M comment board, at least I can say I have friends and acquaintances. And I have no doubt the diversity of them far surpasses anything in your life.
How is Obama ineligible? He was born in Hawaii. Is Hawaii not part of the US?
'seen to be favoring the wealthy' Key word 'seen' - as usual you don't do don't like dealing with facts, just big bowls of hyperbole. Does shadowing mean voting for C-51?Trudeau will be shredded in the debates.
Betty, really? Do you actually think that?!
214 montreal you're an insensitive iidiot....
Perhaps. It's more than simple irony, however, that the Globe does not report a word about the Hebron hospital incident, but then comes out with this article about the importance of adhering to the rules of war.
fearmongering much?
Leo, stop worrying about these weighty issues. Remember, you are a member of the Conservative party and such independent thought is not required or welcome. Otherwise I like your thinking - Canadian of British/Irish origin ...oops!
Canadians no longer get information from their government. Their government force feeds them propaganda.
Do you know in advance what your quote is for anti-Toronto rhetoric is per day?
I wish them all the best and love the best of America, but what a bunch of loons.
Dean, is that you?
When in the media has science ever taken priority over celebrity headlines, politically correct tripe and donut coffee break expense account 'scandals' ?!
left wingers hate democracy
Leni Riefenstahl would understand the use of imagery.
dude-i kinda did hence the 
The problem is, is that Clinton is like Bush, she's just the puppet!
Yes Preston. Or is this Chuck?
Nobody has been a bigger failure at it than Harper. He doesn't know there's a difference between being a CEO and being a prime minister. Canada is a society, not a corporation that exists to benefit a handful of selfish shareholders.
The USA Refused Japan any Oil, ww2, During the Famine Years in Ireland, 50 Million Pounds of assorted Food stuffs, Left Ireland and went to England.//shalom
Heh! JeffSpooner beat me to it, but it made me chuckle. I wonder who some off the pro-Trump commenters really are. They are incredibly persistent, almost to the point of being compensated for their invective.
The public sphere in a country with separation of church and state should be free of divisive and sexist religious symbols. Religion is a private matter.
In Eckville, Alberta?
In what year did the Conservative party - under either Mike Harris or Stephen Harper - balance the budget? Tony can start by repaying the $50 million used to flood his riding with bribes.
[why is there no drug for the opposite of Viagra]There is. The euphemistical term is 'chemical castration'. There are a number of hormone suppressants.
In other news, police make second arrest in Munich massacre. The killer did not work alone.
Are they already in the Tory camp?
We already have one liberal mouth piece, the CBC, sucking at the taxpayers teat, we don't need any more.
reader, in short it's simply an ad hominem attack on radical feminists.
That editorial was worth the price of my subscription ...thank you!
They can only exist at the Public trough, who would employ them?
The Toronto Star? Known years ago as the 'T-rudeau Star.
"This is clearly a case for Lord Black" Best comment on this string. LOL. "Black would simply add another layer of effluent" Yes, but it would be brilliantly erudite and mellifluous effluent.
...reality=Hillary Clinton elected POTUS!...for the Trump supporters, wishful thinking is no longer a winning strategy eh,Nov 9th reality sets in,the crying and gnashing of teeth begins for the Drumpts!!...
Best post so far!
Paul Martin (Liberal) sent the troops to Kandahar.
Trudeau will be Canada's next Prime Minister. Thank goodness.
The US and Canada are the North American countries with the major drug problem. Mexico has a problem with the violent competion among those who wish to supply drugs to Canada and the US.
Where do you get your info, may I ask?
Good point. Excellent example of how often what makes people feel good and self-righteous has the unintended consequences of making things worse.
You need not 'approve' of the activity of others; you must simply stop injuring them for behaviour that is practiced in private and does not concern you.
The 'terrorist' acts that I am aware of are more likely retaliation. Countries that have been attacked by 'terrorists' had previously attacked Muslim countries.
Not everyone is mobile and it will present a hardship for many seniors and people with disabilities, especially when the sidewalks are icy, which is normal in Canada in winter.
And if you think the SCoC is right, I think you should have stuck to fishing for cod. It will probably take generations to reverse this crap.
argyle, I believe you're correct. However, I think it's also true that any anti-muslim utterance or action, if it makes the news, is used as recruitment propaganda. "See how much they hate us?", etc.
This is a reflection on society not these young trainees. The University is at fault for allowing bullying to take place on their watch. I am sure this is not a one off but a culture that was not nipped in the bud.
Perhaps next Remembrance DAy, you will take an extra moment to be thankful for all that you do have. There are many countries that would have you imprisoned or even executed for your views. So, do you want to change Canada to something else?
Stop arguing that which you do not understand. You're making a fool of yourself.
LDWWDL Very fuzzy thinking. No matter what other cures, chakras leeches or primitive scientific medicine existed homeopathy never did, does not now, and never will have efficacy by any means measurable.
There we go again. "Delete comment". why?
Doug and Rob have my vote also .
Which makes him 2x smarter than you.
Why should smart women settle for a man who couldn't pass Grade 12? It makes no sense.
Boring at best and uninformed at worst. Some of the comments especially concerning Ukraine come straight from the White house press secretary
Lies do not solve problems .These large families will not support themselves.
We are not worthy of this Mother Canada monstrosity.
her point was not about the foriegn temporary workers, but about the benefits of outsourcing. stay on topic.
Angry old woman has spoken. This drivel could have been produced by an angry old man as well. It is not a gender issue.
'death with dignity' is spin just as much as is 'death dogmatists'While I don't wish to offend anyone, personally I see very little dignity in suicide, and less in euthanasia.
I agree with your sentiments but calling Bettman names for doing his job is not nice.
Great point Peggy
7 staff is enough!!
A cartoon post.
The greenhouse gas party serves up laughing gas.
he didnt joke about beating women, he said it was illegal to beat notley (women)
It's indicative of the supreme arrogance of Trudeau and his government.
Canadians continue at all levels to vote for parties that are for big government spending, that's just a fact. Probably because majority of us are now, in one way or another, at the public trough.
Russia invaded Ukraine and remains in illegal occupation of Ukraine's Crimea, where the indigenous Tatar community is being persecuted. Canada should have no dealings with the KGB thug in the Kremlin and his minions.
Spot on! I was just reading the historical retreat of the British from Kabul ... No western army has made a go if it yet against such formidable tribal forces, why would Syria in 2015 be any different.
Just the ones who are citizens of convenience. I just want to know if there was a war between Canada and their 'homeland' who's side would they be on. If it's not Canada then they aren't Canadian.
Canada is such a large country and we feud in such small areas . Can you imagine if Canada was the size of Austria or Switzerland ? Would we be in such social strife ?
Hillary PhotoShops people into pictures of her rallies because attendance has been quite low.
'The temptation to revert to old ways will be strong.'Sounds like the path taken by the former Soviet Union.
But Sun isn't a news channel. It's an opinion and propaganda channel. You can't compare it to channels that actually go out and cover news.
Good news! At Diamond World Casino has started a new promotion! Check it out and use this code - test0 - during registration and you'll get 15 euro for free
He just didn't quite finish puberty yet.
As I understand it, Omar was born in Canada and thus has full citizenship rights. Except those, of course, arbitrarily and illegally violated by the Harper regime.
Smoke some weeeeeed man, we can chill in the chambers and like call up Obama to talk duuuuude. LOL. duh ......Oh Canaduh ...pass the Cheetos bro.
US NATO interference in Ukraine id what caused the mess in the first place, the US and NATO have been funding revolutionaries in the Ukraine since the Orange revolution, you just don't mess in the Russians backyard, that's all.
I'll remember it as a moment when globalists lost, after refusing to listen.
Spoken by the poster whose needle has been stuck on Kardashian for months.
It is called US propaganda! Like a buddy of mine said Himler would turn in his grave if he saw what the US Jews have done to propaganda!
Good column, but I don't agree with the 'equivalent of Nexus card' line. The hoops and privileges are not the same. Nevertheless, there ought to be a 'Made in Canada' trusted traveller scheme to use domestically, and internationally where agreed.
Uncle Truth B. Known uncle fool is a batcrazy nut. He partitions bats and dines with partitioners. You need a neurosurgeon. Couillard could be the one!
When Margaret Wente, Harper's previously faithful stenographer at the Globe, begins to have doubts about him and his government, that's a sign of big trouble for the Conservatives.
What did you expect from Saunders?
'This comment is hidden because you have chosen to ignore G10be 10ves C0ns and Faslsts.'This is the best way to deal with this idiot. Just remember this, when someone uses numbers in their writing, you know you're dealing with a child.
The reason for this is because when those countries went off supply management the governments raised prices to buy out the farmers!!!
The point is not that 'honest mistakes' were made, but they lied by denying that they were responsible. Only after it becomes too obvious who was responsible do they 'fess up'. Aw, poor Consevatives all confused. Nice white wash by the way.
Hey Canada1, what do you do for a living? Is everything about it absolutely healthy? If not, shouldn't wre shut you down?
http://video.vanityfair.com/watch/donald-trump-finest-fibs
We're not distinct from America. Get serious. They should erase that border so we can align our economic interests instead of Canada being the backwater that it is. Grow up.
Which is why some Liberal supporters wear blinders.
@D*pey2012Dolton bailed out the Teachers Pension Fund back in 2006 to the Tune of $400 Million Dollars. Try to pull your head out of a dark place before putting up bs!Pffft.
went to buy the globe and mail on saturday, guy wanted 4.75 . bye bye globe
Not just Abby but Kelowna as well. The Okanagan has been devastated by the crisis in the patch.
Would any of those Western values we keep hearing about be compatible with the Semitic monotheisms of the Middle East? Because Christianity and Judaism have been influencing the West for a while.
Do you have children?
have you seen rob fords mug shot? its very very real,,,,have you seen Toronto Stars staffs mug shots?,,,none exist,,, this will come down to credibility
The man-boy?The only man-boy lover I'm aware of is your Con, Flanagan.
To F'n funny! I call him Al too!
Shvwuveeeiscvufft! Haah!
This read like an article searching for a coherent story.
'In 1980, the South Korea dictatorship killed hundreds of students in the Gwangju uprising. In released documents, the United States gave approval for the crackdown.'----The second sentence is false. Proof?
I like the part about 'unsubstantiated allegations.' I guess we won't be seeing any more articles from Wente!
Ron, it's too early to be drinking
The opposite. Are you aware that the conservatives were in power for a decade?
'Ordered liberty?' What about massive omnibus bills specifically designed to force Canadians out of the decision-making process?
'[N]ice to hear [from] the union crowd'-jumbo1290The Union of Retired Whiners?
It seems to me this writer wants HER beliefs, not society's, reflected in the Grand Old Game.
Interesting article.
If you believe that Trump is further left than Clinton, you are clearly delusional. Trump has made no political mistakes simply because he hasn't ever had the power to do so. He's a right-wing fascist in reality.
Just the positive spirit adopted by those small, resilient mammals in the post-meteor period.
Then WHY do you stay? Your actions speak a LOT more loudly than your pontifications!
Why do Christians pay a tax in Muslim countries and we not tax Muslims in this Christian country?
As petty as this is, it hardly constitutes a new low compared to the early days of Bill 101 under the first PQ government.
This is about Trudeau. No Harper to kick around anymore. Try to stay on topic.
She doesn't make the rules. We need a whole new slate of city Councillors.
Some people are, unfortuantely. And a few votes can sometimes make a difference.
Alceste hasn't a clue !
You should try to understand the history of your adopted country. This is far from a watershed moment.
but surely mean that 'Criminalisation' means supporting .....Moosie
Huh? Sadism is derived from the Marquis de Sade. I prefer my history to be the kind that uses facts.
How would Poland feel if no country took Polish refugees during or after WWII? Enough said.
Don't, don't, don't.F U, and your presumptuousness Ms Nutt.
You meant to say 'benevolent dictatorship' not 'beneficial' I trust?
Only if we put up with this.
in fairness the Journalist may have just said that to keep his head off the block
Regionalist ignorance should not have a place in the conversation. This is a news story. Atlantic Canada is no more defined by it than B.C. is defined by Pickton.
Except that Buckingham, as a person hired directly as a dean with the option of becoming a tenured professor when his term ended, was not in scope of the faculty association collective agreement.
Get real - they're all politicians. I'm not proud of any of them. I'll vote for the one who goes beyond promising but actually delivers on keeping my taxes down while continuing to provide reaonable city services. That would be Ford.
Too bad it can't keep you out.
Now we have an airhead !
It's unlikely you could have a Trump clone in a parliamentary system, because we don't elect the head of government directly. That largely precludes a Trump clone ever becoming a prime minister or provincial premier. A mayor, yes. A PM, no.
Ending home delivery is a terrible idea. Reducing it to two or three days a week is a reasonable, affordable alternative.
what a dull-witted nightmare.
None of them pass, inspite of plastic surgery, hormones, make-up and OH BIG TIME, photoshop.
attached or attacked? Who do you mean by the left wing media and why specifically are they guilty of hearsay and lies?
None of that is true, except possibly that some scientists have less leeway to say htings that contradict government goals or policy. Personally I disagree with that, but it says nothing about the intelligence of the current PM.
Canada was not built on any 'values' or any other kind of nonsense. It was built by Canadian workers, and on this Labour Day the only place I can see any mention of Canadian workers is the Tyee.
Yes not only is the UN a serious conspiracy to mine the kidneys or every day people but so are judges. And the courts, and leftists. I am so looking forward to the day when you go to jail!
Next up is the consideration of a good highway that hooks up with Slave Lake or points just north of there on #88.
Good column.
I makes more sense than out in 1/3 sentencing.
'Truth is, most Americans don't own a gun. Only about a third do. And the majority are owned by white males over the age of 55.'and apparently terrorists and i am sure there are 1 or 2 gang members that own guns
Two words....Bob Rae!
Who are you, the board police? Some targets deserve carpet bombing.
The culture of the Islamic world is a problem too.
A JAYVEE government for a JAYVEE country for a JAYVEE citizenry So let's stay on the sidelines, and pontificate
Exactly JOMO!
Well 3 thumbs down so far !I guess facts don't impress .... if you don't believe me count the population explosion in Africa .... and its consequences of conflict.
Mayor Moonbeam is too concerned about bike lanes rather than the real nuts and bolts of the community. We left for Ottawa, which is now about the size Vancouver was prior to Expo 86. We have never looked back in regret.
What an enjoyable read! Loved it, thanks Margaret!
Please, please, don't you know that almost every politician is really an opportunist?
Tell me Mr. Boisvert, if you went to a gas station and the choice for you to fill up was with A. Gas from Canada, or B. Gas from Saudi Arabia, which would you choose?? Right now in Quebec you are choosing gas from Saudi Arabia. That is Uncanadian
Like what?
The story I heard was that the government was unable to actually contact the majority of the refugees they had selected. If true that's different than them turning Trudeau down.
I guess politics is simple in Alberta. It is amazing that Obama was able to do anything in a country paralyzed by lobbyists, special interest groups, religious zealots and a corrupt congress.
Can you say 'political opportunist'? What about 'Hypocrite'? that works perfectly too, doesn't it?
Physician, heal thyself.
Harper is the most ruthless politician Canada has ever suffered from. He specializes in winning power, he has no expertise in anything else.
I would truly love to see a comparison between Singapore and Canadian governance efficiency. Forget about the USA ....I doubt that we would like the answer !
no it is not. get educated. in males, a portion of skin is removed for (now outdated) health benefits. In females, the entire clitoris is removed to eliminate pleasure from sex. there is a BIG, BIG difference. sleep easy, your son is fine.
Art credit? Love the painting.
It was actually 18% of eligible voters.
I am surprised that the Globe has published this article. I have been trying to say the same on this forum for years but the Globe kept deleting my posts. I guess reality can no longer be denied.
true north forgot about shareholders but if you're too broke to own any, why would you know!
It's a definitely a duck.
I didn't realize you spoke fluent alt-right buzz-word.
it is not progressives we are against if they are for progress we are against leftist progressives - they are not about progress but political correctness and sunny things
An actually insightful article on the Globe and Mail. What will they think of next?
How did my beautiful, wonderful Canada end up in the clutches of this bunch of psychopaths? I want my country back!!
Answers needed from the G & MFor twice endorsing these turkeys.
It only takes one bad apple in the bunch and then opinions change en mass.
For a country of Canada's population and wealth, we have already de-mobilized. Both Ireland and New Zealand have proportionally larger armed forces than Canada.
I sometimes think that Ezra is the real Stephen Colbert writ large. His rants really are wonderful satire on both sides of the political spectrum. He has everyone fooled!
Justin is challenged in tic-tac-toe. Woe is Canada.
Lies, damn lies, and statistics.
Have to say... that is one well stated opinion../ ..
If only the sane conservatives took their party back. But big money has polluted that well. Slim chance at best I think.
They loathed on another for religious and other reasons. Thing is when it came to who was right.. Both sides used their religion for argumentative leverage.
Only if they first get the democracy they deserve first.
Where is the slope in slippery by the way?
You beat me to the response GBC1.
You're an optimist Tom.
Thank you for making that recognition much easier.
She hasn't bothered to meet with the OPP yet. Clearing her name is NOT a priority.
Want big governmentGet big corruption
'Residents of isolated reserves should be given an opportunity, etc.'So, who's stopping them? Or is that a loaded question? They want to leave, more power to them.
sure, except there aren't any cod left to catch, the price of cod got so low they had to catch more than was sustainable just to make a living
So, let's see, the authors of this unique endorsement (probably in the history of endorsements) were at the Rob & Doug Ford Party for Harper - they partook of the refreshments the Fords offered - and then they remembered they had a deadline.
Well you may not consider demolishing the VRT as saving money, but my wallet sure does. And for that, me and my wallet thank Rob Ford! We'll both be voting in the next election!
you are right, none of this will actually happen.
Yeh, Quebeckers are so ignorant they vote for the PQ, whereas, Canadians such as yourself are so smart they vote the Harper evangelical-reformists in government. You must be so proud !
Quebec is guaranteed three justices because it's in the Constitution, or did you not read the column?
How many people even know who their MP, MPP or councilor isSo what do you mean they 'represent' us?
I had a hard time finding a job when I was just out of university. But I didn't turn to crime. Unemployment = crime is somewhat of an excuse. Nobody wants to be accountable for their actions anymore.
Better update your password quickly Amanda Lang, I think Kevin O'Leary has hacked your account and he wrote this disgusting piece putting your name to it. You're going to be pretty p'ed with him on Monday when you realise.
If your choice is between revenge and partnering again with province that has rubbed your face in it for decades, I'd choose revenge.
Agreed, agreed, agreed. However, it continues every time a company merges and lays off or outsources jobs or rewards a president with bonuses even when the co. is losing $.
Give your head a shake Mike. You don't think a Conservative Party doesn't cater to 'elites'. They sure as heck do but their 'elites' are in resources, banking and Bay Street.
conl, you fail to appreciate the genius in Tabatha's caustic writing style. At its height, it is comparable even to that of Heather Mallick - a high honour indeed. There are many roads to empowerment, and Tabatha's columns most certainly qualify.
I also don't see how the NDP will provide good economic management.
Is Salman not a son of Ibn Saud???
Okay , rarely ever.
A trivial incident like this, true or not, deserves prominence on the G&M website ?Any idea how many people are on the receiving end of rudeness or thoughtless remarks on a daily basis ?Get over it.
Whoopy for you.
Stalin didn't only murder Ukrainians, but he butchered vast numbers of Russians and other Soviets and imprisoned untold others in the Gulag.
You're kidding right? The coal industry has been laying off coal miners for years. When they switched to mountain top removal and open pits, they laid off the majority of the miners.
Your very comment shows your colours. Trump - ethical? Oxymoron if I ever heard one. Clinton was doubly scrutinized BECAUSE she is woman. Remember Nixon?
This from a guy that was embarrassed that we didn't get appointed to the security council... which is it??
'I'm still waiting for a real conservative candidate,'Don't hold your breath waiting as long as these CRAPpers continue to run the Conservative party.
'The Liberal biased news media' ????Do you mean the G&M and National Post who repetitively endorsed his Government ?
I accept that counter to an extent. For example, Christopher Hitchens wanted Henry Kissinger put on trial. But Kissinger was allegedly guilty of crimes against humanity, which Rachel Notley is not.
How does your insightful analysis of what is wrong with Ontario's industrial workers jibe with the $100,000 + grade ten dropouts earn in Fort McMordor driving a truck? How do you like all those TFWs taking your jobs in Alberta?
Same stuff, different pile.
Ontario is turning into another Detroit.
Right so women have the skills for successful combat, and men are big and dumb. Got it.
I trust you're talking about the Bible, Quran, and any number of other religious texts when you refer to 'elaborate fictions'?
'Our survey found that young Muslims are often more religious than their immigrant parents. For many, their religious identity is becoming more important to them ? not less.' Time ticking bomb.
Absolutely - and the opposite ANTI-ABORTION and ANTI-LIVING.
Well, there's one opinion.
Gerald Regan?
Those are some mighty tall facts without sorces you got there.
So America lost because one guy told the truth for 90 minutes? Hilary is a liar, a crook, and an incompetent. Yes, the left wing media is dragging her across the finishing line. But her presidency will be a disaster... even in St. Louis.
Yes the US voter saw through the Hillary con but were totally taken in by the greatest con of the century...........D.T. You give the electorate credit they clearly don't deserve!
Limit the PMO to 2 mil per annum in salaries. 1500 people is crazy.
I believe you will see US troops on the ground in Syria by spring. With the possibilityof some Arab forces being involved.
The Globe didn't want Danny Williams to do a royalty review or have a stake in the industry either. He told them to shove it and he did his own thing. Newfoundland is way better off for it.
Agree. Conscience should play a role - but, only in your life. Not in mine. I will not tell you that you must die if sick. You, and your god, will not tell me that I must live.
And in Ontario!
Academia is a mess. There are so many 'disciplines' in universities where there is absolutely no rigour of any kind and achievement consists of peer-restrained innovation in the recitation of jargon.
"Soaring property values in Canada's largest cities should translate into soaring revenues from property taxes to invest in infrastructure." No. It doesn't work like that.
It is none of your business. Eom
Well, how about the foreign cartel that controls the beer market in Ontario? And, just perhaps, politicians who receive political contributions from the cartel.
I would never vote NDP, but I agree Mulcair is far more qualified to be PM than Trudeau. Reference to Bush Jr. is bang on as both won based on their lineage not anything they had done even though they are on different sides of the spectrum.
JOSHBack from PHILLY - Rarely do people stay in the same profession their life. I know of lawyers that quit after a couple of years because the field wasn't for them, but they had to make the choice when they were 20 years old.
Tap dancing along The Road to Serfdom. Oh, I can see it on the horizon already.
Hardly surprising.
George Carlin on the 'self-esteem movement'...http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ALf2HZsGtGQ
While you are okay with a government that runs on lying, cheating fraud and perjury. Your Family Values must include lying, cheating. fraud and perjury.
Canada, the True North , Weak and Lame....or at least thats what our former allies seem to think now. Canada, back from being Respected and Trusted .....you know ..like the Netherlands is now? Thanks Justin Zoolander, well done.
As opposed to Trump who cannot give an answer at all??????
As always, he's singing to his choir -- he knows it's not a very bright choir -- and he's hoping it's still large enough to get him in again.
Who's surprised?
The problem with the 'Rotten Apple' theory is that the rotten apples are never properly punished which suggests that the system is actually geared to support an army of rotten apples.
Hey now baby, get into my big black car/ Going to show you what my politics arePolitician, from Cream possibly written by blues great Albert King
he has already had 5 months and the country is sliding into ruin while he focuses on refugees, the weather and selfies.
A vacuous comment from a simple mind.
Those 'immigrants' ARE the hardworking people, dolt. Driving taxi, cooking food, cleaning offices etc. Where did your ancestors come from? Forget it - don't even want to know.
I had to remind myself several times while reading this story that it's about PM Harper, not Rob Ford.
I really, really, really want the blue whistle. Olympic medal, not so much. You are correct in your assertion, sir.
In areas of provincial jurisdiction, as this appears to be, there is no legal obligation to use any language (including English) in Ontario.
SaySomething4Fun (aka - Scottyknows2, Toast, Saysomething liberalcrybabies, ishouldknow, SaySomething2) -- just how many accounts do you have on this site ?
' ...It?s a nation-building exercise...'Forgive me for thinking it is a road paving exercise - just got back from a vacation tour of Nova Scotia - beautiful scenery, relaxing, sea food ... but next to zero traffic.
April, many of the women I've spoken to are opposed to the wearing of the Niqab or Burka, however they're more opposed to the government regulating what women are allowed to wear.
I would think, Andre, that the silence of the lambs in Gaza is due entirely to their known fate if they spoke out against Hamas. The Palestine Authority's leadership would likely suffer the same end.
If Mohamed is really a refugee fleeing for his life he would have made his claim at the nearest safe country. Canada would be way down the list.
Yes, they will get the message as they are driving.
To summarize: SUCK IT KONRAD.
So corruption makes the idea of democracy invalid? Where have I heard that before? Oh right?Hitler, Mussolini, Franco, etc. Nice company to keep!
Rich people with their huge SUVs are the ones creating traffic issues for others not 1987 Civic drivers.
Now that it's over, you can look forward to 'Kim's Convenience', the sitcom they ran endless spots for during the Olympics. It looks like it'll set a new low bar for being unfunny, maybe even lower than 'Little Mosque on the Prairie'.
The irony is that those who support Ford's right-wing populism are exactly those who most benefit from social programs and the taxes that pay for them. This has been the 'success' of Canada's right wing: making taxation a dirty word.
Trump's 'hair' is the result of an overflow of straw in his cranium.
Of course there were no 'human rights abuses' in Iran under the Shah (sarcasm).
Have you heard of democracy?
The CPC can start by heeding this.....Mercer has it right......'Rick Mercer Calls On Tories To Cut The Harper-Era Amnesia Shtick'http://www.huffingtonpost.ca/2016/02/03/rick-mercer-rant-conservatives_n_9150800.html
Not 'we all', speak for yourself.
Plenty of comments at the column, shuffle over and drop a few pearls of wisdom.
Grow a 'pear' not a 'pair' for starters. Your post goes downhill from there.
Maybe. But if you're not careful the 'good guys' soon become the same as the 'bad guys'.That's the problem with this line of thought. The whole point is we want to be the good guys.
ry
"I doubt he will live up to his own billing." They NEVER do - any of them.
And you would be breaking the law.
could you maybe find something good to say about our Government... now and then, maybe set aside one day a week and call it good Government News day... yeah that would be nice. The constant attacks on our Government by the G&M is wearing very thin.
Pierre Berton's 'Vimy', should be an absolute read for all Canadian high school kids.
Let's just say that JT seems to owe more to the maternal side... looks and everything else.
Mme Gagnon, Would you please give us your opinion on the Quebec judge who booted the woman who was wearing the headscarf from her court? Does that fly against Canadian norms???
Actually not. We made treaties with them.
And none of this is blamed on privatization under Harris and continuing plans for privatization under the Liberals. Equally ideological and possibly even more costly than some poorly thought out green projects.
Much like religion.
Why not directly block super spending? Canada does that. U.S. Supreme Court allowed the Super PACs to spend unlimited money, and that really corrupted the process.
Well said. Genius seems to think that only we deserve the spoils of Western dominance. Maybe by exposing immigrants to our schools and universities we are increasing the odds of someone solving our climate issues.
Wow And if you look at every anti fluoride facebook page they are all full of it , So you cant put any faith in an online poll that is open to the world
The tragedy of poor leadership in this country will last beyond our lifetime. Workers follow the dream. Managers float the dream. What is our dream exactly?
You're mistaken. If you compare the 'highlights' of Trump's ascendancy so far to Hitler's, say, to the end of 1934/35 or so, you'll see they could be ideological twins.
Donald Trump is a poor man's Donald Trump.
Fits of laughter maybe.
The only "historical" aspect in this theatre of the absurd are the political parties. As to your suggestion that Ontarians will benefit only by choosing from the characters on stage - hell, as Margaret says, that's a fool's errand. :)
Big deflection.
Where was the messenger when it came to reporting on Project Veritas and WikiLeaks? She deserves the criticism.
in-my-view if you believe that then who ISN'T politicized? I'm not joking, who is left?
for this, Mr. Trump won ?an incredible amount of admiration and respect? from radio hoould ask fst Rush Limbaugh' Who could ask for more, speaking of wind-bags
Yes, you could say that European colonialism, especially that of France, laid the seed for blowback.
400 years ago!
You ask too much of the power of one, CQuil. wills37
' That was the McGuinty governmet's issue, not the Wynne government'what's the difference?
I do enjoy '24' but just can't imagine watching anything with SH in it, voluntarily.
She's not a reporter, she's a columnist. Columnists have points of view.
How about we just go with - old & new stock Canadians just do not like burka's and niqabs and would prefer that they not be part of our cultural landscape. It really is that simple.
Five key differences? How about finding five commonalities?!
Fair enough. Know another source that (presumably) supports your differing point of view?
harper has nothing left in his war chest but lies and deflection. It's amazing that you can't even get a CON to acknowledge what the truth IS anymore...
... and the Greeks voted democratically for Socrates to die
If the citizens of Toronto elect any one of the candidates named so far it will be a huge improvement over the disgraceful bum now occupying the office. Anything the incumbent says or does should be ignored. Vote for someone you can be proud of.
Some of the achievements you've listed a merely statements of opinion, 'getting tough', 'achieved labour peace'
ll: i'd give you another thumbs-up for alliteration if i could.
"instead Trump should be asking why so many from Central America and Mexico are desperate to leave." Clinton should be asking the same thing, her husband signed NAFTA.
To RobM7 you are wrong, water vapor is not constant, why even climate modifier idiots were proposing to atomize sea water to cool the climate to counteract global warming.
'The first casualty when war comes is truth'. Always.
In countries such as Mexico, MD consultation is around 3.00 dollars. That seems about right.
Thankyou, Ms. Wente. What you say is so true.
There was corruption, but not a total corruption of the democratic process, of science, of information, of elections, of parliament. There will be much to rebuild when Harper is gone.
Con times are tough times for EVERYONE in North America!
Do you ever read anything? Muslims do not cause crime.
Dear Outside BoxSaunders is using a typical leftist strategy to shut down debate'you are a xenophobe'thus end of discussionend of debate
No, completely incorrect. One very good way to deter both Israel and the US is to be able to produce a bomb on a moment's notice, but not actually have an arsenal of nuclear weapons.
So you'd prefer the American system that Wente described?
I certainly take your point, but they're not even a caretaker government. Caretakers preserve things - these people destroy.
Thanks, I thought it was Bibi! No, wait a minute, in one episode of Black Star, Harper conspired with the Greys to ... now, what was it again? Okay, wait, I've got. It had something to do with ... oh, darn, I've lost it again!
Mostly empty
Do stop - such relevant facts of reality are too stressful and better swept under the carpet. They might have to look up Saudi Arabia in Wikipedia ....
The biggest gaping hole is:What is the alternative that Netanyahu proposes? It wasn't apparent in his speech to AIPAC or to the Senate.
Very good comment John, even if it requires fleshing out, so to speak, for the many commenters who don't understand the vacuous nature of disposable sex.
zepcom... very well put.
Another global thinker.
Great, you can have it!
I would give you a thumbs up, but for the sneaking suspicion you voted Wildrose... perhaps I'm wrong?
A cheaper option is to drive to Oregon
As I've posted in the past, we must participate in policy and advocacy so that we may shape debates in parliament and elsewhere. This is lobbying.
Rabidly right wing? What country do you live in? The distance between left and right in Canada is so narrow compared to virtually all of the rest of the world that no sides should describe the others as being rabid. Relax.
What does signing the UN Declaration on Indigenous Peoples mean? Nothing.
Quite right I neglected that fact!!
Peacekeeping is all well and good but I am sick of this silly smarmy taboo. Canada fights wars and wins read up on it.
A couple of Jane's readers were explaining the faults of the engine in this role to me, but I'm not an engineer. As well, I believe Saab fighters are designed to operate in Northern environments
'Very obviously 'Whichever side one sits on the immigration question, this response doesn't fly. Try a little harder?
Very sensible post ..... stop it .-)
Pakistan was established as a direct result of the 'intervention' of the British colonial government in what was previously a united India.
Perhaps the good professor could make a meaningful contribution to the discussion by researching why police are so afraid of young back men.
I also find it despicable that they continue to have Investor Class Immigrants come into the country although everyone knows they are headed for Toronto or Vancouver. They just want the Cash but let the rest of Canada deal with the problems!
It doesn't matter what the truth is; you're not permitted to have an opinion that deviates from what is politically correct.
Sure, let the women worry about whether they are being properly modest, who cares, because whatever the women wear, a man knows it won't affect him.
Would three active forest fires in Alberta in December also be considered normal ?http://wildfire.alberta.ca/reports/sitrep.html
Trudeau has already criticized Harper of reducing the deficit to a balanced budget by 2015. He wants Canada to become Greece.
Hey Guido. Does this pass for intelligent comment where you come from?
seems all you have to do is make a broad sweeping mindless criticism of Harper and you get 8 thumbs up from a small bunch of lemmings .....I think I'll give it a try ......Harper is the worst PM Canada has ever had !
Can the same comparison be used when the U.S. is blamed for the influx of guns into Canada? Who is letting them in? Not the U.S.!
Bless you Cassandra! Very well said.
I agree, enough Canadians are tired of Harper and it is enough to reduce him to a minority at best. His time has come and past.
But the gang who orchestrated the Duffy scandal were 'ready'. Open your eyes!
Yes .............. it is sad when racists and sexists are called deplorable ............ and even worse is being placed in the same basket as fascists
One day as a foreign student in Saudi Arabia or Iran would cure teenage rebellion
LOL! ummm, any reliable links to back that up? No? See the importance of reliable links?
more socialist drivel
Well, perhaps this is another thorny issue that these folks have to grasp. After all, they claim to be 'nations', and nations incur debt that their citizens have to deal with.
Exactly. She has already telegraphed this.
So you're in favour of shutting down the car industry in Ontario and Bumbardier in Quebec?
@Judith: but that's an exception. The majority people will at most now that Canada is north of the USA, and that it is cold.
WWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
as the title says, it is a 'con' job. By the Liberals.
and what evidence are you talking about?
Oh, do please tell us (with proof) that she has done anything which would land her in the big house?
Rubbish. Not to be supportive of something does not make one phobic of it.
Some great replies here. Yes this is great fodder for another media fest. Maybe all media coverage should be banned-taking away the terrorists recruitment show and advertising revenue?
PC is just starting (see last election) due to the way students are indoctrinated by the socialist curriculum and universities.
It was a slight non the less. Something that the media is very good at doing.
'The problem is that State secularism, properly understood, and religious neutrality are in direct conflict...'======'Properly understood'?Who does she think she's kidding?
Are you sickened by racism?
Smart legislation?
I would prefer to have the option of funding this migration of people who do not meet the previously established criteria. Leave the taxpayer out of it.
Yeah, I can tell. LOL
Yes, I would just love to know who in the Conservative benches has been 'airing similar complaints'. How can the writer make this kind of statement?
Amazing how one can flip-flop in their move from Stats Can to the right-wing MacDonald-Laurier 'institute'.
Once a man or a woman picks up a drink he/she has already consented to give everything away, body, soul, and wealth. When you lose your mind nothing else matters. No man made law can overcome the Law made by the Lord.
My daughter-in-law insisted on driving her son the two blocks to school even when he was six feet four inches tall and two hundred and thirty pounds of muscle because she feared that he would be assaulted.
Florida is just one big sandbar. It will disappear eventually anyway.
.'A frightening triad: Trump, Putin, Assad'-The Three Stooges of our era. It would be funny if it weren't for all those dead Syrians and Ukrainians.
But surely, that's how a majority will want to 'go' ? Until assisted death is 'unremarkable'? You have to have been with a loved one at the time of their last breath to understand this, perhaps.
Cornflake: Risible. Just risible.
I am no Harper supporter, but according to Bliss and Kennan this is a long-time Nato strategy. Harper is facilitating the strategy, but the situation is much more complex than Harper appealing to his base.
I wonder why they had to make an editorial out of it. I never heard of that story despite the fact that I am a Canadiens' fan and I live in Montreal. It's just free advertisements for those nuts, and that's all.
There is nothing funny about Grillo and the politics of No--------it is actually hilariousbut since the joke is on Doug Saunder's ideologyhe sees nothing funnyin denial or just clueless ?
I burst out laughing when I read your first sentence. Then I looked at who left the comment and laughed even harder! lol
It's cheaper still to go the LIBRARY. Can you not read or are you being deliberately obtuse? Besides, you have posted elsewhere that people read on the internet now. Do you have a local used eBook store?
Sad for their child. These people had a choice, and a responsibility as parents. What were they thinking?
She was talking about the English. The English are in issue. They are the ones who voted for their England to leave. Give the Grl a chance to then talk about Scots, Northern Irish, Welsh.
Work Farce, you've spent far too much time in the Republican echo chamber. Come out into the daylight and breathe the fresh air out here.
The article is thoughtful, perceptive, and sensible.
Donetsk is in Ukraine. There should be no Russians troops or their collaborators there. Russia invaded and illegally occupied Crimea and is now attempting to dismember eastern Ukraine.
right-winged freaks
Sorry, anybody that voted for the current klepto-crew needs to have their head examined
The costs attached to children are the responsibility of the parents NOT THE TAXPAYERS
Sure if we stand around and do nothing, wringing our hands all the while.
Well, onlyatoms, if you can prove that, you can have all those public servants sacked for cause.
It would be nice to see the Provinces act in the interest of Canada. Is it not time to view our resources as a national asset and have every Canadian benifit.
On fiscal matter like Greece, yes. Recall how Merkel was shown in Nazi garb only a few years ago?
The level of taxation isn't the problem, it's the blatant and immense waste of tax dollars!(The billion+ dollar G20 is just one of many such outrageous expenses that comes to mind immediately!)
For Heaves Sakes, DustyPixie, give it up. Everything is not an attack on your manhood.
Standard of living and GDP growth per person is not important, GDP growth per country is.
I'll tell you why I've never run, RipYourFaceOff. Because I don't like political games. There are plenty of things one can do to be of public service, but being a member of Parliament these days certainly isn't one of them.
No issues with Free Trade, NAFTA, CETA, TPP and the plethora of so called "FREE TRADE" deals signed that affect our nations sovereignty?
K wrightThe wars and failed states are clearly the responsibility of the G8 and the ongoing West Asian holy Semitic wars.... ---------President Assad of Syria, ISIS, terrorists say to you'How dare you not give us credit?'
Columbine was actually a failed bomb attack. Interesting that almost nobody knows that.
Good job, vancharger. Keep on digging that hole - before too long it will be big enough to hold you.
Deflation may yet be the ultimate solution toward the hoarding bias. Would you buy today if it will be less expensive tomorrow?
I have to agree Moseby1. CBC could axe its television entertainment and I would probably not even notice.
Diefenbaker was elected to the largest majority government in Canadian history. Ironic that the election victory in 1958 came from opposing pipeline construction for the benefit of US oil companies.
perhaps you are right - we shall see how human groups and lineages evolve in the face of a rapidly-changing environment.
Canada sent ships to the second conflict, had airmen imbedded with U.S. reconnaissance, and army officers imbedded with U.S. ground forces.
Reading a list of 'Enemies of Israel' which included Canadians, including a Liberal Candidate/Veteran IS shameful. Your spin does not change that fact. Why is the Harper Govt maintaining lists of 'enemies'? What is their purpose?
T Pite I don't care about your hang ups Today is about today . Get out here and compete with the kid who arrived from Iran 12 years ago .Or fall by the wayside and take the scraps the government gives you. That's the deal but no one will say it.
Confusing Kenney with Tony 'Gazebo' Clement. But it *is* hard to tell Harper trained seals apart, so please give CJHenry a break.
Horse feathers.
Wow looks like the clintons own the canadian media as well
He sure is a desperate man, he needs serious intervention like his fishing buddy Rob Ford.
So now he allegedly set off the bomb in Boston to get on the cover of Rolling Stone??????Duh!
Progressive -- repeated use of CAPS LOCK makes you look FOOLISH.
I think you just discovered you're not her constituency.
No sports, no clubs, no volunteering. Sounds great.
A quick google search 'involuntary euthanasia belgium' shows mostly right-wing US newspaper reports. Not sources I'd usually trust. Can you provide an authoritative source?
monkey, I love work but I feel better when it isn't being done around me.
I doubt that Mr. Harper has circumvented the world twice recently. He may have circled it, though.
Ironically, one of the biggest economic threats to the healthcare system is the fact that people are living longer than ever and old people (like me) consume more healthcare.
no ear pieces allowed this time around.
The people divided will always be defeated. The people divided will always be defeated. Oh... and have I said... the people divided will always be defeated?
Just once, I would like to see a prominent Islamic leader from that part of the world come out and condemn this group for their abuse of children. I won't hold my breath though.
Tabatha wrote: 'But suddenly, in some unexpected quarters, being gay is as American as apple pie.'I almost get the sense, now, that to be truly Canadian you must be gay.
What about your RoboCall Scam and the investigation and muzzling election Canada so they can't ask questions of the scammers? That doesn't bother you eh?
"The Ubers are destined to win the taxi wars " headline BECAUSE taxi drivers pay thousands for a licence UBER drivers pay none what kind of COMPETITION is this? not level playing field not "progressive"
Lyin' Brian ?
Derek Burney should be much happier living with the Cold War Reaganite Republicans in the US.
Hillary is calling the shots, more power to her.
None of that matters. Clinton is not the story and Trump has less credibility than a cartoon character.
Paid for with borrowed money.
So after all these great accomplishments why did Democrats running for office not want to mention his name or be seen in the same room?
.. Precisely. // ..
P.S. Put 'sarcasm alert' at the beginning as well. You almost had me there.
http://boreal.ca/
Good one. Allah help the peaceable, 'moderate' Muslin in France or Germany. Or Belgium. Or...
You are missing the point.
Dude lost me after the first paragraph. Of course they want a make a profit
Had the Conservative Party of Canada had term limits for its leader it would still be in power today.
So it's all our children's fault? Wow, what a philosophy.
Chicken or egg baby.
if your Chev is not working properly, don't buy a Lada
Brilliant takedown of a sycophantic load of crap. Only ten words in Yakabuski reveals himself with the use of the word 'hater' to describe those who wisely choose to not be members of the Harper Cult. Thanks for your great response
Is the Liberal Party of Canada legitimate if its platform offends the Law of the Land?
what on earth is your idea of a real man?
That won't happen, not withouta rebellion. The scots and therehag will lose. Two faced nondemocratic bigots.
More ignorant rubbish : Paul Martin has a fleet of bulk carriers. He does not have any ships suitable for transporting crude oil
Not that it seems to matter much now, but has Mr. Peladeau explained why he supports the PQ Charter's ban on ostentatious religious symbols that had everyone all worked up before Quebec separation became THE issue?
You're just one of "those dummies" too. The Vikings were growing potatoes on Greenland at one time. What has happened since? Go away little sheep..
Sounds like the liberal's climate change argument. You would have to add: refuse to debate evidence and claim the matter settled.
yeah, yeah I know, I know... the ex SCC Justices and present Justices who agreed with me and Britain's Supreme Court structure make you laugh as well...
I wonder what the reaction would have been 25 years ago? I think that is a better measure of the progress. As for Trump, my initial comment already noted that... one cynical politician is not the full measure of where we are as a society.
The picture was penned by corporations. That is what is wrong with the picture.
They can call the re-written law the 'Shurman amendment'.
Progressive: I will have to read all of what the Muslim association said before I could comment..... but regarding David Frum: he is an idiot. Full stop.
She will destroy Trump. Hillary would chew up and spit out the entire Republican nominee slate. Just a bunch of uninformed, Christian fundamentalists.
Yea, more like 'im sorry i got caught'
Are you and David Gibson the same guy? Both of your posts have the same racist tone.
The politicians just have no resolve as if they took on the unions they would win. The public is tired of this game and if Unions were and told the rules and given a real threat compliance would then happen.
argyle5663 didn't say Afghanistan, and you can't focus only on it without considering all of the other factors (i.e. Iraq) that led to American's becoming war-weary. And Afghanistan was not a done deal....not a success (Bush or otherwise)
A very important point. The question is ... What to do in the situation. How do you bring calm when u are this far down the rabbit hole?
RE: 'America has already lost', wow Sara, so insightful, meanwhile in other news, water is wet. America hasn't won anything since World War II, maybe you need to do something about that?
Havn't read your post but from its length know that you are a raving lunatic Please give your opinion in less than 30 words
We have to get rid of chlorine in our drinking water then too. It's a poison. POISON!!!
I gotta say, I'm glad my grandfather's dead and he doesn't have to hear people using the freedom he fought so hard for to spew the same kinda crap he fought against during the second world war.
Chief Spence is one chief of over 200 First Nations. Everyone is entitled to their opinion. Not all mayors of towns and cities agree with each other why would chiefs of FN be any different.
Or like one at The Star?
The 1 in 5 stat is being dropped in the U.S. as well. http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/sen.-kirsten-gillibrand-removes-debunked-sexual-assault-statistic-from-website/article/2557717
yes, a silly comment
...and there is the matter of the sun cooling... as well Climate has always been influenced by these natural ..ongoing events.
there is hope for you yet.
you're not very good on the irony bit, are you, art. the good 'perfesser' is anything but part of justin's 'base'. though, it's ironic someone who claims to have made it so far in academe still believes in original sin.
Both I and the rest of Canadian society call it 'murder.'
Having children is a lifestyle choice? That is the musing of an utterly bankrupt intellect.
Sorry or if 10 doctors each did $600K worth. Hit the wrong key
I guess you mean Junior, or are you talking about Trump????
Why should Canada not support Israel? The Hamas charter does not accept the fact that jews and Israel should even exist. They glorify jihad and educate their kids that martyrdom is great. Is this what we think here? I doubt it.
Article 3 of the Charter states: 'Every citizen of Canada has the right to vote in an election of members of the House of Commons or of a legislative assembly and to be qualified for membership therein.' What do you need explained to you?
Actually, his lawyer is apparently going to do that, so not necessary.
He'll be doing double duty in his borrowed Toronto police uniform as he dances to Back in Black by AC/DC!
*schooling
How exactly do you define anti-gay?
This is the same Sanders who has repeatedly written that Europe and North America should allow mass immigration of muslims.
nobody pays any attention to the UN...
I agree. What s so disturbing is the lack of comments of your concern. The anti intellectual crowd are in full throttle today. They LOVE the continual pap coming over the airwaves and cable. Leave It all to'The Market' is their Mantra.
Well, we wouldn't want to interfere with Ibbitson's screed by quoting actual facts, would we?
Did wente-in-training (as a Globe columnist) Yakabuski call out loud for his mentor, then-serial plagiarist Wente a few years ago, to be sacked? Why not?
Hey, the Globe and Mail endorsed these bozos in 2011 after 5 years of abusive behaviour--just the latest in a string of the Globe's failed love affairs with right-wing governments. Your editorial board needs counselling.
It would be interesting to have the author or the critics here comment on the state of Cuba prior to the Castro-led revolution, and the impact of the many decades of the American embargo. Not holding my breath.
You took it back to the central point, Red, 'Will taxpayers tolerate a Toronto-on-the-Rideau? 'One supposes it might happen after a decade of Toronto on the s-hit list.
you reveal a great deal about yourself with that statement Boogey. You into the murder of journalists and arrest of the opposition? I already know the answer.
Canada will be a stronger country when it divests itself of John Ralston Saul and his foolishness.
Aren't you glad you can respond here? It is disgraceful though- to make this an issue. I agree with you there.
How about you put wind turbines where the wind is?
Check a calender....
We already saw this in the 1930s.
Hi Relic... it must be Low tide at Deception Bay... eh
Actually it the United Kingdom that did. AKA Britain. Guess who Canada still answered to at that time?
MG - you're making the assumption that the doctor in question will refer a patient that wants (or needs) a service that he's not willing to provide.
Trumpism may not be a social movement, but it is a social phenomenon bound up with his domineering persona and postures.
Islamic intolerance.
Higher taxes and increased subjective bureaucracy doesn't encourage investment. Notley's government is a joke, the chief of staff to the minister of energy was a registered anti-oil lobbyist from Toronto before he took the job.
Here here.
two terms i suspect you mean
To be the best and brightest it helps to be surrounded by the best and brightest.==================================The best and brightest will excel in any environment. Immersion and private school is all about class.
very likely
I am not thrilled about Charles being the King of Canada, but I think its awesome Queen Camilla will be replacing boring old Elizabeth. Long live the Queen and King?
action or in his case, inaction, speak as much as words. And if you want to do the 'word' thing, remember the "climate change is a socialist plot' stupidity he spouted.
This sounds about as onerous and intrusive as the FATCA legislation that Americans living Canada are subject to. Especially after Stephen Harper agreed to have the CRA share all American citizen bank account information with the IRS.
Can you point to the parts of the article that support your position?
Pure hogwash - it's clear that LL7 means the 'Russian government' when he/she says 'Russians.'
we would expect a level of detail from someone who has lied to the people of this city NUMEROUS times.
Bitumen isn't sent by pipeline. Dilbit is the preferred method. That said... pipelines are far and away the most energy efficient (less CO2 required) and safest way to move crude.
G&M headlines are no longer safe for intelligent people. Here's why.
But the point is, in this case, that didn't happen. Are you so incapable of distinguishing reality from fantasy? Lynch much?
In my part of town it is dual income police officers that are buying the million dollar houses!!
Or at least an adult.
Read it again. Rape is what he is condoning.
You know raw milk isn't generally available to the public these days, right?
Not sure if the Carbon policy or the increased electricity rates of Ontario would be considered benign. I would suggest that business confidence might be at low ebb, as they ponder what is next from this gov't.
And so what would you put in its place?
Liberalism: the application of unworkable solutions to imaginary problems. Fits like a glove!
Bill 115 does include a wage cut. Read the bill.
Agreed Layla. For everyone but himself. C.
Math is hard.
And if you look at the countries with the highest outflows, they are all such great countries as Argentina and Venezuela. The US is actually a net beneficiary of the flight (they try not to brag about that)
Can't wait for this guy to sue for wrongful dismissal ... and win. Since when have we given employers control over every aspect of our lives? The guy has gotten his public shaming but the hounds are still baying for blood.
To quote an old, and true, saying:'You reap what you sowed.'
Trudeau's position? Generally supportive, qualified by fact that we have not seen the details.
Jeffery Simpson has no competency on the issue of taxation and is in no position to evaluate tax policy in Canada regardless of the party in power.
Of course Suzuki is a hypocrite and an idiot but he is a CBC idiot.
One of the longest produced newspapers in Canada should be sanctioned for allowing one article? You are being ridiculous. Its called freedom of the press.
I love that I got a 'down-vote' without a counter-'argument'.It reinforces my belief that the frightwing don't HAVE any arguments.
Documentary on Ontario greenshouse workers. Scary http://tvo.org/video/documentaries/migrant-dreams-feature-version
'Surely, in the name of common sense, nobody playing will a full deck believes there's a Promised Land'
Creeping racism needs to be stopped. Starting in the PMO.
Correction: The US will do what 'the governing party thinks' is in the best interests of the US, and will give little thought to Canada regardless of how obedient our government is to the whims of Presidents.
What do you believe is the probability that the west supports Israel because they enjoy watching Palestinian children die?
Seniors, arise! You have nothing to lose but your wheelchair! Write to your MP and your MPP and demand an overhaul of the system, to allow greater participation of the private sector i.e. clinics.
Of course. It's not annti-Harper therefor you think it should not be printed.
Reading these comments made me think I clicked the wrong key and ended up on a Sun news site.
PM TrudeauFringe former co-opposition heads a poppin'!
I think it's a tribute to free speech that someone like you is able to spout nonsense that contributes nothing to the debate.
I pay the extra $$$ to fly business class or get the emergency exit row for extra leg room.
precisely. i think. maybe.
Well said. That is also my problem with it. It runs less than 1 km from my house in the humber river valley. Any problems and it is in Lake Ontario... just like that.
It's time for Chief Blair to resign, or be fired.
For Alberta, Jim Prentice is the best choice? I beg to differ.
Read it yesterday...
Really? Read the news from the last 6 months or so.....
Listening to some of these " important " people taking the calls, speaking so everyone can hear them almost equates to a terrorist. In crowded areas I am not interested in anyone's conversations.
With the long overdue of modification of "all your native" sons, a lot of posters here and elsewhere have suggested that it is long past time to remove God from the words. God wasn't there in the first place anyway.
Conflict of interest, oh ya.
not in public service you idiots just those two historical places.
Q: why are there no conservatives on the Starship Enterprise? A: Because Star Trek is a story about the future.
@CurtisKoNIThere is a difference between being ignorant (uninformed) and being racist or 'hate filled'.Just because someone doesn't have their facts straight doesn't mean they are racist.
2nd paragraph paraphrase: You are obviously not paying attention to what the left think. Therefore you are wrong.
I think Flaherty and Harper screwed average Canadians giving away the surplus and plunging us into deficit the last 12 years . This guy is a joke . He is only a big success in his own mind and in corporate heads who he knelt down to.
Wow! I actually agree with Wente, and it's too hot for hell to freeze over. Never thought I'd see this day!
so yo think the money to keep salaries paid a the same overall level but with less production and work will just come out of thin air?
Part 2: In short, legal pot should wholesale for no more than a few dollars per kilogram, and retail for a few CENTS per gram, plus taxes, unless over-regulation, especially 'security requirements' imposes a truly enormous compliance cost.
Not at all. Militant orthodoxy rules any decent society, and the sooner we stop paying lip service to what no one respects or needs, namely the inability of people to keep their mouths shut, the better. There is no freedom of speech, thank God.
You're becoming a bore. How do we know your moniker isn't pseudonym?
But is it the best out there....not even close.
So Latinos living in the US support illegal immigration?
@Link Hogbrow: I was just thinking: If Rochdale really believes that Harper shrank the government, he either is completely ignorant of the facts or is strongly in favor of Trudeau's proposal to decriminalize marijuana.
The Chicago Mafia rigged JKF's election and most people in the US & Canada got over it.People today are tired of the unending corruption & are not willing to get over it.
Mostly mentally ill and crack heads I bet.
What is this? The Globe is questioning the government's motives?
He would have his time machine confiscated, Dufus.
I'm mad as hell. We should declare war on Rhode Island or Maine.
Not true at all they would actually be guaranteed a strong permanent voice since they always get a good 30% of support
Outside of QC, the NDP didn't really gain much ground. QC will fall in love with Jr and the dips will be relegated to their rightful place, 3rd.
I smell envy and envy isn't a good enough reason to condemn billions of helpless children to the greenhouse gas ovens of an exaggerated crisis. Who's the fear mongering neocon again here? It's any excuse to hate hate hate Harper. Peace man!
We aren't importing 'agents' of that conflict here. We're importing people who are trying to escape that conflict.
Correction: Since John A. MacDonald, the power of the PM has made electing MPs a waste of time.
You're just too lazy to walk the extra 300metres to take the WonderTrain.
Polygamy is a hush-hush type thing as Ontario allows it and pays for multiple wives. http://cnews.canoe.com/CNEWS/Canada/2008/02/08/4834833-sun.html
Hyperventilate much?
johnI just watched On the Waterfront. Quite a contrast with the Currie story. Again I thought of you. I guess I should stop watching movies.
'You could literally kill someone and there would still be no way to oust you from office until you were convicted.'It's even worse than that. They actually have to go to jail. The conviction isn't enough. :/
If you don't believe in abortion, don't have one. Oh, you're not actually a woman, are you? Why should your beliefs trump any one else's autonomy?
Of the many troubling aspects to this issue, I think the writer is correct to highlight Harper's astonishing and cynical hypocrisy and the clear and dangerous incitement in his speech. This country is way better than that man.
Well Ms English, how about the fact that the overwhelming number are males? Your 'logic' clearly lacks linearity. All lives matter, male or female.
Sure Bud. Can you provide a single instance where voter fraud has in any way influenced a Canadian election? Just one example for the sake of us uninformed liberals?
he's not running for the conservatives and mr martin isn't falling all over himself. what' your point?
Mark: Please email it to me if you can. Thanks.
Yea .. and remember how sure the political establishment and the media was that Britain would vote to stay in the EU?
Wonderful, Ms. Renzetti. I am the son of immigrants whose parents would have easily been labelled fascists by those who have no idea what those lives lived were really like.
A researcher that believes the bears are doing fine or even thriving will receive nothing. A researcher that screams catastrophe while posting pictures of cute Polar Bear families will get MONEY! Follow the $$$$$$$$$$$$$$.
Eloquent verbiage, but author fails to explain any details of a solution, other than vague generalizations which sound very good in an essay.
You nailed it!
How come there were no plebiscites on those projects? Or the $2,500,000,000 in new spending on highways announced this week?
A flawed assumption in most of these arguments is that seniors will not move to other provinces.
and Boy Justin is the world's youngest seven year old boy.
Is this what passes for a reasoned argument?
When the time comes to vote for the first President of Earth, I'll vote for a ticket comprising of Ayaan Hirsi Ali and Malala Yousafzai.
Mel, I don't like being identified by your binary labels, this is a safe space! (s)
TWO School boards or morein the name ofDiversityMulticulturalismPluralismInclusivenessNo one marginalized
Luckily, such a person doesn't exist.
Is anyone surprised? There can't possibly be anyone still surprised by these fricken clown's antics.
amazing he's the PM and your not. how can that be?
I bet she has a big closet full of shoes.
Me think ROC needs psychiatrist badly. Between elctions in Quebec, ROC wants Quebec out. When Quebec election comes, ROC starts shaking in its pants and begs Quebecers not to go. ROC is very much mixed up. Pityfull sight!
Excellent blog FB. I knew she was a crook but i don. t see any media attention stateside or canadian media
Lucky for you in Montreal.
remember... when Conservatives screw up it's because of who they are... when Liberals screw up it's because they failed to live up to the very high standards they set for themselves...
Supporting corruption speaks ill of you.
If there was fraud......it doesn't matter who did it. The whole election should be held again. If this doesn't happen the we Canadians live in a dictatorship.
I'm with you - seems to me that ranked ballots would result in the representation that best represents the will of the people. What could be wrong with that?
Sorry but not a chance.
Different only in your mind dude!
It is one thing to insult. It is an entirely different matter to speak the truth. Are you not able to distinguish one from the other?
Yeah that was the remark that offendedme most. Trivializing malfeasance andelectoral fraud among other things is sotypically arrogant of Ms. McDougall.
Start by getting a job at the CBC.
Capitalism has replaced hunger with obesity and has put a cell phone in everyone's pocket. It has lifted more people out of poverty than any other economic ideology.
I am 6'4' and airline seats don't allow my legs to sit ergonomicly when the person in front reclines... should I expect the Airlines to have tall leg rows for people of this class? Oh no they charge more for exit rows... do I complain... no
Ahh... but if you are 'mature students'...the Wente Clause applies. Do your folks know where you are?
Socrate's admonition that one should live an examined life is worth remembering. For the average reasonably affluent and educated Canadian to sleep walk through life not knowing the history of the ground upon which he walks is inexcusable.
Drank the republican 'supply side trickle down economics' kool aid. Doing to expire of purple kool aid poisoning before ever having to think about sharing a cup of tea with G Campbell.
Sounds like they sold their souls and principles
Israel does not have a 'right to exist'.That's just a Zionist slogan devoid of any legal or moral meaning.
A i understand the federal plan is that the feds will only provide an overall guidance to the provinces to enact there own climate policies. Similar to the health act. Ergo any benefit will go to the individual provinces.
Why? So we can waste more $$. It's obvious that Senate rules on expenses are non-existent - nobody is going to be indicted.
They tried to make me go to rehab but I said, 'No, no, no.' Amy Winehouse, RehabCatchy song. Haven't heard much new material from her lately.
Good for you for calling it like it is.
Do ya think Simpson is unbiased? LOL...
It is now!
I think he might have more success with fairy dust.
Morningglori... you're likely wrong, but what do you mean exactly? And what allegations about Rob Ford are you alluding to?
If you don't love Stephen Harper now, you are not a true Canadian.
And if the Liberals secure the support of the NDP, Green and BQ parties pushing the total popular vote over 60%? Or less likely, the support of the Conservatives?
go to Target ;-)
In fact, the crisis is still growing because we are continuing to dump 90 million tons of global-warming pollution every 24 hours into the atmosphere ? as if it were an open sewer. Denying this fact does no help..
The Trump Formula - is that a new cure for baldness? No wonder Kev's on board.
The same useful idiots were spewing the same nonsense throughout the cold war. Thankfully we didn't have the Internet back then, so they were easier to ignore.
Not sure if your numbers are right and I also don't share your bizarre hatred for ALL civil servants, but you did forget to mention the pensions. (Sorry, that should really be written with caps: PENSIONS).
Or, how about the Iranian 'October Surprise'?
I watched Trump's speech on CNBC today. It was an illumination. He is clearly superior to Clinton. But the US media will try to drag her corpse across the finishing line.....
Yes, sad in many ways but delicious in this dichotomy of opposing Politically Correct 'values'.
In fairness to Wente, she is a terrible columnist. Anyways, I had trouble with the link jhidalgo provides, but you can find it by googling the title of the article 'Doubling Down on Climate Change Denial'. It comes up first.
So, election promise #1 broken.
I'd tend to agree... how the TPF will justify this lethal force is beyond me... it really is terrible
Trudope will learn what it is like to be a real prime minister when the glow wears off... will he like the real world sans selfies???
Repeat a lie often enough... you know the rest.
Um, yeah . . . not quite the sort of 'conservatism' the editorial had in mind.
I just can't vote for the NDP federally. It's just not going to happen. They will slip to third place again in the next election.
This has nothing to do with ones bedroom. This has to do (according to the proponents of legalization) with a 'workplace.'
The LEFT struggle with the TRUTH all the time. Furthermore, the 'D' in Democrat tells them to Deny, Deny, Deny, Distort and Destroy so it is very difficult for that type of Direction from the Democrats to be Disobeyed by their puppets.
You are speaking then of a minority of Canadians.. 70% of the population lives south of the 49th parallel..
Jumbo: That is at the heart of their protest. makes sense to me, given that LaPierre is the one who advised the NB government that fracking wouldn't harm anything.
Harb was expelled from the Liberal caucus, and was punished to the full extent of the law. Duffy, Brazeau and Wallin, on the other hand, each had PM Harper 'vouching' for them... Yech!
and chuck in terms of 'aligned', I would not wager any money on your assertion.
That the judge found no crime committed is a bigger scandal than the original scandal.
Disagree. Jargon is never good because since only people in the industry/circle know what the jargon means, it gets in the way of full communication and understanding. Next.
@EdOp: He would cancel FTC, and say screw you to the 30% of families who look after their own kids, and tell them to support a national daycare program. That alone is going to ensure his defeat.
a province will be hesitant to act for fear of losing economic activity to another province. Nations are hesitant to act for fear of losing economic activity to another country. In Canada the provinces have too much authority?
I'm sure we get a look at Trump's tax returns it will all start to make sense. Maybe we'll get to find out which foot had the bone spur!
'PAS?' It doesn't need to be a physician. A nurse practitioner with a specialty in MAD?medically assisted dying?would do just as well and for less money. Whenever an article on MAD uses the word 'suicide,' I sense the menacing influence of religion.
Give the finger to the society? Perhaps they choose the wrong society to live in.
What in heaven's name does your obsession with our new PM (maybe it hurts comparing where he is to where you are in life?) have to do with the topic Martin is discussing? Oh, right. Nothing. Off you go, now.
Who said anything about needing to leave? People WANTING to leave their countries will look for a country with the most social benefits.
And who, pray tell, defines "mainstream"?
Christy Clark, I presume?
Unfortunately, most of them don't even realize that voting PC for 40 years brought them this tempest in the first place.
And what works?
I make the best point ever made in any Comments section, and this is my thanks!? I'll have to look for other ways to sway the opinions of strangers.
...if you do it on your own, I'm sure you will struggle to make a living. If you sign up with Uber, you have a chance.
The 5th Estate is an investigative TV programme. So how come it missed the Ghomeshi story? Was it willfully blind, chose not to see? Or did those connected with the show chose not to investigate and then report?
American Taliban or most engaged, grassroots, democratic movement in the country?
even the leftists in Iran and other muslim coutries are against gay marriage
An attempt that succeeded before it even started. Real canadian winner.
WP: Let's think. Maybe the price of real estate has something to do with supply and demand? Now think about your comment again.
Or a Benny Hill sketch
and there is no excuse for continuing to pump bullets into a boy who has already been shot, and who is down on the floor.
It's about the integrity of our immigration and government vetting processes.
WE got disaster number 2 coming down the pipe with boy blunder and the upcoming debt spiral similar to what his daddy brought us.
vast majority? you mean the the 39 per cent popular vote that he garnered?
You make Trump sound rational. Please get help.
It's not only sexist, it's also racist and islamophobic.
At least Canada and Canadians aren't on Trump's personal hit list. The Trump family fortune started in Canada, after all. But if he reaches the White House and has Republican majorities in the House and Senate we could well get sideswiped.
Worst PM ever, worst government ever. Zero respect. A nation embarrassed. Pathetic.
And it is hard to fix stupid
Always good to hear of specific experiences. THANK YOU.
Yet you god approves of all but one pipeline. I guess his 1000/plate auction for his services was bought by the oil companies then? Or is your god going to run a platform of shutting down all the oil companies?
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/07/20/fighters-from-us-backed-moderate-syrian-rebel-group-filmed-cutti/
There are only good and bad people in the world; the persons researching and than writing this article are good people; even with the chance of facing backlash; they have written the truth which is immigration is good for Canada.
Lets see the US economy is doing much better but unfortunately he is still cleaning up Bush's mess in the middle east. Progress is slow due to the size of the mess. Not bad considering what he inherited.
Deif was a contrast from our present PM in that he was not all bad. (Quite mad, however.) I met the man
This is a highly negative and fairly balanced view of the situation, lol.
Why are stories on religion subject to such heavy censorship? I find the Globe's constant censorship of readers very off putting.
A rolling stone gathers no evidence. Thou shall not bear false witness... except against men.
Which of course is what lefties really want to have happen. After all look at the lovely comments from most lefties when Flaherty died.
Cassius: I don't 'require' any accommodation from you or anyone else. And my only 'intolerance' is for bigots.
Your misinformed this article is full of incorrectness.
Oh, I'm pretty much certain that Sir John is off his meds in a major way.
WOW a couple missteps lol total understatement he is the horse still in the gate and race is finished he to stupid or stoned to realize he got elected
Dude - these seats were all held by the Liberals. Why can't they hang on to Windsor West??
Enjoy your carbon taxes wasted on corrupt gavernment schemes. Morons
So, I told the truth about how Wente always slants stories against the Liberals and the comment was deleted by moderators. What has become of this once great paper?
Don't confuse the anti whatever sheeple with facts .....
?I believe, and I think most Canadians believe, ...'SteveO, this is the problem
Abusing and assaulting women is their entitlement then? That's what you are saying.
I wonder if they have formed Canada's Oil Sands Innovation Alliance with an aim to combatting the ERCB's new play policy which will force them to all work together?
Incredible Story hghlights the Legacy of Corruption in Olympics just another money game in town
Amen brother. Amen.
Hopefully the work ethic remains past the 2nd cheque.
To quote our Minister, the referee should not be wearing a team jersey. How is it then that he and his party get to change the election act and the role of the referee without the agreement of the other parties?
OMG - just get over whatever neurosis is affecting you
no, the drug stores are only for the sale of poisons lets not get people confused
The US federal government also got involved in the Michael Brown case, and couldn't generate sufficient evidence to bring any charges of any type against officer Wilson. Is it possible that Michael Brown's shooting might have been justified?
Amarone, If you deny Mr. Khadr was a child soldier when the incident took place, then why would we believe you that your 14 year old knows right from wrong?
In fact, you gave no examples at all. Outside Box. But let's see: conspiracy theories against George Bush. Hmm. . . Do you mean like saying that whole 'weapons of mass destruction' justification for invading Iraq was a lie? Oh, wait. . . .
I tend to agree. But I think we will have minority government after minority government after minority government, including all three parties nastily scheming - both with and against each other. How well can things work then?
That's not hard to do.He's never at home. Butts et al keep him on the road while they rob the treasury ..
thanks for the laugh, Mike. Which makes me wonder why nobody on the hustings has said--with a great big grin--"Hey, what about those Jays, huh??"
You just called it a Christmas tree - fail.
You've accused a seasoned newspaper of ineptitude without offering any arguments. Seems like the only ineptitude here stems from your reasoning.
Totally agree with Wente on this one. These 2 guys travel to one of the most politically unstable countries on the planet for a political protest. They are more stupid than heroic.
ooooh, Maggie Wente wrote an article poopin' on unions. Must be Tuesday.
LOL... the apple doesn't fall far from the tree... We all remember PET's one finger salute!!
You are assuming single member ridings.
Holy hyperbole.
Yes the Clinton pyramid scheme is soooo innocent. Pay to play politics.
Excited, are we, Indrover?
You got it! It's all about Cheap Labour. The British woke up and they realized they are being fleeced. Can't believe the Canadians are so complacent....
It is regrettable when journalists reduce themselves to sycophants.
Sure, like our second-hand submarines.
Here's the infoh**p://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/national/windfarm-turbines-deadly-for-birds-bats/article4392511/
This is highly unlikely.
It's too bad one can give only one thumbs up to insights such as this.
Give that the leftist governments of Stalin, Mao & Pol Pot left body counts rough one million times greater than the examples you cite, perhaps the market is doing a pretty good job?
Jules What you state is not my experience... A lot of what you list are government institutions. Not my world. I do business and the language used is English. When I vacation I sometimes use a bit of French.... But more Spanish Than French
Well, if he couldn't spell "delusional", then "bare arms" is hardly a surprise.
Tell yourself that if it helps you sleep at night. Comrade Notley and her communist horde will be reduced to a few seats in Redmonton in the next election.
You send money to the Conservatives, and they send it back to you to make posts like this. Seriously, who do you think you're kidding?
old headmaster.. yes I totally agree with you........just another excuse for the Lieberals to pick our pockets and then squander the money.........and nothing will ever change.
roger was incompetent and lazY?
Well, let's go even further back in history - in fact, all the way back to the beginning. REUNITE GONDWANALAND!!
What if Torontonians had the same attitude towards, say, Tamils (Toronto is the world's a largest Tamil city), as Arabs have towards Jews?
I guess being a school teacher is considered the private sector!
It not hard to believe once you understand that The Family Compact morphed into the Conservative Party of Ontario.
And yet all those names you just mentioned voted him in and they will all work with him. Where are Cruz and McCain principles?''
Best post of the month, you win hands down.
if it's such a bad idea, why are you getting all excited
You mean start by destroying Israel, who has been under constant attack since they day it was formed? I suppose then once Israel is gone and all the Jews wiped out, there will be peace in the Middle East?
Got news for you. A confession is evidence.
How much time have you spent in either country?
India male population needs to focus on the world and what they can do to make it a better place to live, rather than just enjoying the place they liveI have worked with many India people -- this will not be difficult
Following the traditional Soviet military strategy, Putin will advance as long as he faces mush... he will stop when he meets something hard. Obama and Hillary and the West in general have been nothing but mush....why should he stop advancing?
Right on the ball! Religions are the major causes of wars and discrimination!
As many as they want. That's the whole point of journalistic freedom. You have the freedom to disagree with their position. You also have the freedom to not to buy The Globe or to contribute content to their website.
Snowden, You could make the same points about medical interns and articling accounting and law students. Except, you can find open market labour to do anything.
Would you really pick the gender where you're three times more likely to be murdered, seven times more likely to go to jail, five times more likely to be homeless, half as likely to go to university, and three times more likely to kill yourself?
Junior is more appropriate as either a Real Estate agent or in retail such as a purveyor or peddler of women's underwear.
Another anti-woman column by Wente. Shocker!
She is? Who knew?
I guess it's ok to have left-wing ideologues like Louise Arbour - but not conservatives?
Or maybe more and more Canadians are getting really fed up with government?
robo-con harper only offers lies, mulcair offers dreams. a poll says 74% do not want daycare.
Bart -- this is your chance to explain the differences between CPC and Trump. Let's hear them.
Of course, because Trump will be chewing at the edge of a carpet after 15 minutes.
"Climate is changing, with heavier weather all around. " Absolute baloney. The data says the opposite. Do you not even know that we have a record number of years without a landfall hurricane??
She's the Globe's best click bait!
Because Trudeau is supporting the Islamic lobby in Canada.
Would you rather say 'I am a senior' or 'I am old'Keep the word 'senior. Thank you very much
Are you a 'Humanist'? Humanism is a nice word to conceal the fact that Humanists do not believe they are human! They believe they are robots, brainwashed machines.
Hey, that's really stupid!
And that's the way Duffy and his lawyers want it.Harper and the Conservatives...........not so much.
it would be much easier to save if housing costs were not through the roof... they should start addressing that issue. Never mind all the speculators that are depending on their real estate gains, housing should be a place to live not get rich on.
Electoral reform will doom the radical right to the backbenches, forever. Because nobody's second choice is Reformacon.
InterestingThe Republicans in the USA are asking the same thing about Obama.
I believe there was some kind or "Recession " that had to be dealt with and the Conservatives where hailed as being the best in the world for their handling of it . Dummy.
The reason GlynnMhor keeps wallowing in ignorance is that he is deliberately biased and prejudiced unfavourably toward First Nations and would like to direct the rest of us to apply the same biases and prejudices.
It is time for Germany France and England to lead. It is time for Saudi, Kuwait,UAE to lead. The US should offer its full support.
The two ghosts haunting Ontario votersdumb and dumber
Trust the Globe to run an editorial discussing Baird's use of English only, rather than taking him to task over his incessantly stupid comments. In English or French, the man's a disaster.
I agree that this is a reasoned analysis and I agree that I at least am sick of the spin from the oil lobby. However, I have to add that I am _also_ sick of the spin from the environmental lobby.
If I had a mind to, I wouldn't want to think like you.
You are so right. When he was interviewed by Rosemary Barton and she asked about the women wearing the niqab were being attacked there was no humane response. People should think about that when they vote. His lack of conscience.
Arrogance. Just huge stupid cynical criminal arrogance. They're just daring us now.
To be fair he personally did turn down the pension.
Criticism of Trump is anti-American? I imagine the supporters of President (shudder) Trump will regard domestic critics as Un-American.
Right Penny. Just like every mother of sons that says at the sentencing hearing: 'My [Robbie] is a good boy - if it weren't for those other boys leading him astray.'
Wow. So you have an inalienable right to take land belonging to other people? I think the real problem is the number of extremists on both sides and their unwillingness to be reasonable and fair.
Clearly you do not understand what a professional personal trainer has to offer.
I noticed that too, liberals say that they support free speech but they try to silence any opinion that doesn't agree with their far-left, politically correct agenda. Such hypocrites.
So, what do the Muslim radicals want? What do we have to do to get Muslim radicals to stop attacking, shooting, suicide bombing and killing innocent civilians in many countries around the world? Can we ever get them to stop?
Dieter, you speak as someone who has never read a credible thing about brain chemistry, or drug-usage. You speak about drugs and drug-use like NASCAR redneck speaks about anything foreign being communist.
Wente has just insulted a lot of people (yet again).
I know a dishonest person when I see one.
Oh, so the media is forcing Trump to say idiotic and insane things. Yeah right.
Dear Western Society: Hosea 8:7
thanks for the refresher, Comrade.
we feel the same way reading your drivel.
Nice fantasy Linda.
This seems pretty straight forward. If a politician starts looking different, ask them what's up. That's a natural question. They'll answer (however they choose to answer) and we move on from there.
I am wondering what other product the Globe feels a requirement of a government list of purchasers and users is necessary in a democratic, free-market, society.
I am assuming you meant to say For those Liberals?
Umm, no you're not. You're not the victim here so don't try to play one. You only need to feel guilty if/when you (implicitly or explicitly) contribute to racism, bigotry or oppression. Do you?
We should point out that that Forum poll showed him still well back in second place. And that's Forum, which routinely overestimates the conservative vote by 4% or so, which puts Doug essentially tied with where Rob was.
Get a life!
Kids, no kids - we all know the low-down on Baird, of which I couldn't care less, save for the hypocrisy. It's these Cons religious motivations that scare the, well, bejezus out of me.
They didnt. It was a Liberal government who did this. Besides, In which riding? Without a Canadian address he cannot vote in a riding.
Mr Trudeau has the foundation quality of all liberals, he is very proud of himself.
Speaking of former PM's, I guess the Opposition is lucky Trudeau didn't apply the 'Shawinigan handshake'...
Neither is Bernie, but Bernie is also trusted by the people.
Yup! Elected a party with 39% of vote.
That is utterly absurd. How about I see you some ecocidal tarsands and poisoning some Indigenous communities downstream? Note: I don't support the proposed Charter, especially not the dress code, but Hitler references are beyond grotesque.
When his own brother issues a non-denial denial and all his usual friends run for cover, we don't really need Ford to tell us what happened. The honorable thing for him to do is to resign and seek the help he needs.
But aren't Albertans inherently more deserving of wealth than the rest of the country owing to their hard work, values and independent spirit ?
THe NDP and Thomas Mulcair in particular are not leading sensibly on this issue. Quebeckers don't need a new bunch of BLQ Heads.
It will be the demise of Europe as a safe, secular, and tolerant society.
Buzzb .....Healthcare is a Provincial responsibility........Good...............than SCRAP the Canada Health Act and get Ottawa OUT of provincial jurisdiction..
Reform tin foil hat wingnuts that ruled during the lost decade are not Conservatives. Quit insulting real Conservatives who support our current PM on climate change issues!
Lipstick on a pig ....
From the headline about legislating turnout I thought that Simpson was gong to write about the Tories' Fair Elections Act and its disenfranchising of certain groups but he was talking about compulsory voting.
Or it's part of a healthier diet than their parents and grandparents had - I guess you didn't notice that each succeeding generation in the west is larger than it's predecessor and this has been going on for more than a century.
Valid points that you make in this article Ms Wente. As per usual.
The blue wave will move east.
People dismiss Desmond Tutu, or Malala? Come now.
It's also a war crime to not take thorough, preventive measure to avoid harming civilians and humanitarian actors. Intentional or screw-up, it's a war crime.
2 minutes with google to find that, apparently 2 minutes too long for the idiot who wrote this absurd article. Or was he just deliberately lying to us?
He wouldn't have to outlaw common sense as you already have none
He seems to have touched a nerve.
3 billion of our tax dollars is being spent by harper on health in africa get withe effin programme you immensely unformed human being
Well, you have your cliches and stereotypes down, I will grant you that... but I doubt you know anything else about people, Canada or the world... thanks for the contribution... about as valuable as Peggy's
what about men? That is a taboe in our society, not talked about, ignored. Last week an article about abuse of men disappeared as quick as it came...
What you meant to ask is "How is that relevant"
Ha ha ha! Aren't we fools? Last go round no one understood that they were on the brink. Same thing today. History repeats.
Yes, men were happy. Were women? Do you really believe tHat women's lib came from nowhere? And how about society changing to the point where one salary is not enough to suppport a family anymore. What is one to do?
What a simplistic belief, devoid of any historical foundation. See my other posts.
The rumours of how poorly she treats her staff have been around since she became Premier. It's hard to keep good administrative help if you yell and rant at them for your own mistakes.
Jim, Tony and the other Harrisites, to the tune of ' First We Take Manhattan' First we take Ontario, then we take Canada.
Begs the question of why the curriculum and exam are not integrated....unless they are and the students are either not properly prepared or capable. Of course, 70 per cent are!
All out attack on democracy? Over the top hyperbole like that will fall on deaf ears for the silent majority because it betrays an attitude of getting you panties in a knot over any issue of the day.
Everyone likes the guy with the open checkbook. The UN, the premiers, aboriginals, if you are handing out money you make friends quick.
Forget transfers.. Elect a conservative government in Ontario.. Best solution
Where did you get the idea that U of T is shutting down these departments?
http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/migrants-accuse-canadian-officials-of-abuse-1.172065
Always good to close with the words of a philandering murderer who left a young woman to die while he covered his political behind.
It's nothing to do with the drought. It's corruption, incompetence and stupidity. I think that is fair.
Um, have you seen some of the Liberal MPs in power now... A lot of the old guard...
Some people do not have the courage that freedom requires. They will never feel safe, not matter what security measures are taken. Have you considered a closet?
You mean 'underestimated'. You don't give a fraud artist the keys to the treasury. EVER!
Thanks for the great column Lawrence. Justin
Nigel Wright is primarily a business man in a big business before being an advisor to the PM. Thats what I don't like.
Yes, I'd like to hear an elaboration as well. A party receives 30% of the popular vote and ends up with 30% of the seats. How is that rigged? Pizza parliament? What's that?
Most of the Liberal gains were attributable to Justin Trudeau's hair, which compares favourably to Harper's lacquered helmet. Meanwhile voters remain non-committal about Mulcair's whiskers.
I was commenting on DJD not getting the Egyptian population within 20 million....
Parties get more popular when they do things that people like.
'This is the propaganda from the website of the government. '----------The absence of any history signals this, every time.
This is a fine example of the idiocy that keeps getting Harper elected. Thank you G.W. - sometimes I need a reminder.
Stephen Harper, the US toady? Or Justin, who is many times tougher than Mr. Harper can imagine being.
Lol Welland.
Define "strong" opinion. Perhaps it just happens to be one that opposes yours?
The 2 situations, in ON and at the federal level, as Mr. Simpson well knows, are not alike. Whatever conclusions or questions that the learned columnist wishes to come up with based on a false premise, well, enough said.
Advice to the young MP....Is this the hill (no pun intended) you want to die on?A savvy person would have left Mr. Dagelais hang himself with his own rope (figuratively).
Yeah, we should all be able to fight for our cause (mine is pet rescue) by protesting while at work.
Except this is not what happens. In the 50s the U.S was way ahead of Russia in nukes and the military generally. Did they start a war? No. Did Russia catch up? Yes. Countries always prepare for war. This is what happens in the world. It's not new.
You probably have to ask this question: how did the Globe get the info before the minister? Someone is really fishy here.
That's funny ... I thought we had ultra-taxes already ???
They still handle the applications and delivery of the completed passport. Before the new passport was introduced they also processed applications and granted passports, albeit not machine readable ones. But thanks for playing.
Should women jump? When I say 'get me another beer', absolutely yes.
I really think you need to take your own advice.
Copy editors at the Globe should have picked up on those errors.
Probably in a nuclear explosion in the Middle East which he will have caused... worst US President ever
Bud Tugley: While 24 hour workers have my respect, they are not in the same situation. None of them are under 24 hour call every day of the year. That is the status that makes the difference.
I guess we should decide the definition of a refugee?
Where do you live !? The Bridle Path ?
The Oil Sands. The line in the sand on so many issues on what kind of country Canada will become; ecologically, economically, politically, and socially. What kind of country do you want to have???
She never said that's what should happen. I think you're grossly and deliberately misinterpreting and taking out of context to assuage your obvious bias.
Hugh: You make a great shill for the Tar Sands oil companies.
What are you crazy? Why would we send even more of our hard-earned taxes to keep Quebec in Canada? I say good riddance and let's start planning for how we'll be spending the $18 BILLION dollars we're pumping into Quebec every, single year.
This is definitely all Harper's fault we are number 2!!
Ignore the policies? The media have been doing just fine reporting on Trumpet's rants about bombing, war crimes, deportation, ... ? The only question about Trump is whether he's insane or just pretending to be.
And despite the deceitfulness, dishonesty and anti-democratic ideology of Harper and his Conservatives the Globe and Mail will once again support these radical right-wingers because the Harparites are the champions of Canada's oligarchy.
Build the downtown relief line along Queen or King up to Pape and then to Don Mills centre. Scarborough would get more use out of that than this stupid one stop scarberia subway.
@RyanWhat are you talking about? Do you just make things up cause they sounds good. Chavez put his country in the sinkhole and left his citizens with no hope for the future, with poverty and inflation running rampant. Try and stick to the facts.
And if this committee has the power to compel testimony related to misuse of taxpayer's money, why hasn't it investigated the Cadman Affair, Gazebo-gate, robo-calls, etc etc.
It's = It is. The possessive doesn't have an apostrophe.
Agree. He should at least have told his listeners what the arrangements were, so they could make up their own minds. What has 'journalism' become?
Na, Trump won't be stupid enough to flush away billions to cargo cult science.
The dis-United Kingdom is now an Alice in Wonderland, topsy-turvy, upside-down country. Can Humpty Dumpty be put back together again is the 64-dollar question. Whither 'little England' and angry Scotland?
The way things are going we'll need a white christian male rights movement
The problem is her power is a house of cards.
oh bull crap., obama is a proven failure on every file, his analysis is pathetic and stupid
Mrs. Mandrake: The paper on pervasive racism in health care is by Wellesley Institute. It is titled: First Peoples, Second Class TreatmentThe role of racism in the health andwell-being of Indigenous peoples in Canada
Maybe Baird was sick of saying only good things about Israel and told Harper he couldn't do it anymore.
I agree with your statement.
your name is redundant.
Hey.. at least we get to only put $5500 in a TFSA and thank God the long form cens. us is back... It feels like Canada again don't it folks?
They lose nothing Art, they get what they agreed to and what they paid for! There is only one person who does not understand this simple fact. Look in the mirror and you will see him.
...which will get much, much worse: http://www.sciencemag.org/content/346/6206/234.abstract
nechione, the treatment the parents want is not "traditional medicine". It's modern holistic medicine as practiced in the western world so any arguments relating to cultural practices or whatever do not wash.
Your post assumes that 'Blacks' are only charged and convicted for fire-arm related offenses. You know nothing. #FACT
'(while allowing them to continue to play in the sandbox at Breitbart, because there?s money in that)'I thought of Globe comments...
Turn down the derp.
Well, sir, there's nothing on earth Like a genuine, Bona fide, Electrified, Six-car Monorail! What'd I say? Monorail! What's it called? Monorail!
Will the Globe ever get over its masochistic love affair with today's Conservatives?
the rich get richer and the poor get poorerwhat an embarrassment for Ontario and Canada
What needs to be done is at all costs ensure the democratic government of Greece to make the decisions for the country. Banks and other countries should not be telling them what to do. Collaboration not coercion.
Lower dollar should help manufacturing and exports. I'd hardly call a 90 cent Canadian dollar as high, what would you want it to be ?
Paul Krugman had a very different take on where we go post-Paris. But he's just a Nobel Prize winning economist so what does he know? http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/14/opinion/hope-from-paris.html?_r=0
Anyone else notice that carbonnetnote was banned a few days ago?
Language is the most important foundation of a nation. If Canada is to move beyond the two solitudes then we must have a bilingual country from coast to coast.
Thanks. I had completely forgotten about Y2K.
'What does this tell all of us?'It tells us that someone got tired of listening to George Galloway and acted out of anger- perhaps for declaring a section of London an Israel Free Zone.
Two words. Network marketing.
Your home owners grant was implemented to cover school taxes. AND your parents did a p.poor job of giving you critical thinking skills.
not even - Berlusconi
In fact, we do not tolerate the violently intolerant (you just seem to be able to know automatically who they are by what, religion, skin color?), and the correct word is not moral relativism but cultural relativism.
Who is this 'nice guy who would make a better Democratic candidate'? I've heard criticism that Trump is too socially liberal, and he should actually be a Democrat.
Actually, it was 18% of eligible voters.
I'm sure some of the tax I pay is a benefit to you. Give it a break!
...'Yawn'..Armageddon, same ol, same ol..war in the middle east.. global extinction. Nothing 'newsy' here!
The values charter is racist legislation and it's sole point was to manipulate voters like you by appealing to fear and ignorance
no, priority will be given to those who have certain traits. it is not merit but back to the bad old days when your religion determined your occupation.
De facto Sharia Law, no blasphemy allowed. Way to go G & M, your cowardice and dhimmitude is duly noted.
lol - I have to call fertilizer on that one. The polls are in sharp disagreement with you.
Dont forget Hep-B/AIDs tainted blood products.
'So, [...] less than 30% of Canadians saw/heard the 3 hr. concert.'Start doing some math: how many Canadians are under 10, or over 70 (or whatever cut-off line you pick as a reasonable age group). 30% is a dazzlingly high number.
More like an astute observation.
The occupation of another people's territory is not a trivial matter. It is that bad.
western propaganda is not a real argument. back to school for you.
Are you Oran the Psychologist?
I've always thought you shouldn't inappropriately name something you plan to kill for food, unless you call it 'dinner' or 'Lion treats'
And why are women 'over-represented'? Because white boys are too lazy to compete. They want it handed to them on a platter.
You didn't pay much attention during the last election, did you?
Thank you. To bad people need to personally experience this before they understand what a teratogen is.
Good article, though.
Yes well. How'd it do with that other dude that wanted oil to be the thing... How's that go?
You mean Fox News, the network with the highest ratings? Are you saying those millions upon millions of people tuning to Fox News are not able to think for themselves? You mean that Fox News?
'For another, Alberta would secede'. Somehow I doubt that. They're going to need money from the Rest of Canada for clean up when the day comes.
how much does harper pay you to stalk the gobe and remove comments Jason ?
Are you sure it's a mistake?
Wind power rarely produces on hot, humid days when the power is most needed. That's when they crank up the natural gas burning turbines.
You are quite right./..
You are aware that she was a minor when her Mom immigrated? I think she was 11 or something like that. Do you actually believe that 11 year olds fill out their immigration papers?
I think the main problem is the Catholic Church. It facilitates, activates and enables the corruption and ignorance that prevents knowledge, action and proper solutions being implemented.
Great post. Please visit more often.
How good is Bob Rae's French?
Just when you think it can't get any worse in Ontario... It does. When does the madness end?
You want other people to do research on a case you think MAY have happened, and report back? Oh my.
ASbis Hundreds of millions of people (i.e. individuals) are influenced by religion and religious dogma. This is why religion is still around. You cannot separate them.
"common sense"
The PC's and Reform parties pushed the Liberals to reduce the defict and debt so were not ctiticizing the Liberals for cutting the transfers. You are altering history.
jplondon, *sigh*
If you have never travelled there. how do you know it is a hole in the ground? Ignorance trumps all in Harper land it seems.
for example...?
It's not the media's job to educate, its job is to make profits for its owners however it can.
After Guantanamo this chap must have suffered mistreatment to say the least. Now in Canada and still in jail, does anyone believe he would be a good Citizen once released on bail? It looks more like soar grapes to me!
And how many Iraqis died because of an ill advised invasion?
Sorry, wrong date - My Lai 'anniversary' was last week.
Sound economic policies (*GAG) and a belief in personal responsibility (*RETCH*)
My God droy50. What do they feed you as a child to create such a stinted view of other cultures that you do not know or understand!
Don't ever let me catch you in the snack foods aisle.
Already making headlines.
Go nuclear. The Chinese are. We are being ruled by scientific enviro Luddites, so we will not.
Although Mr. Sherman's Conservative roots and partisan flip-flop is troubling.
As are the other church sects and corrupt officials--a vicious circle.
Narcissism run amuk.
Trump appears to have written off a large loss against future taxes. So what is Hillary's position on business loss write offs? Has she opposed it in the past? Is she planning to change those rules if she wins? If not, why not?
the fundamental problem is that there are so many complainers , whiners and general malcontents.
Libraries are so important. They are among my favorite places. Hope begins again January 20th!
at least it's accurate unlike wente's
People who use references to Hitler in their posts while trying to speak for all Canadians are the fanatical loonies. Parizeau did what he believed was right for his Province of Canada, and as such deserves our respect.
This is why I read the Globe - awesome stuff
Get rid of the social conservative bent (Religiosity) and any right minded person who respects the fiscal conservative side, liberals even, will come to the right. Religion has absolutely no place in politics.
More like dodgeball for harper Dodge duck dive dip and dodgeCheating and lying too
Political correctness is left wing fascism meant only to censor any thoughts or words not granted permission to be expressed openly. The Globe does an excellent job of it.
Seems to me that you could benefit from a remedial reading class if you think this article is about the editors. The description of the Conservatives is accurate, and the warnings realistic.
You have to wash it with cholesterol free water.
The base is fine. Go write something about Justin.
That damned Emancipation Proclamation for example!
Whatever, give me the after tax version of this and maybe I'll read it.
Why would you expect Junior to treat them better than his Daddy did?
The families of victims of gun violence should send the hospital and funeral bills to the NRA and all those senators who voted against sensible gun legislation.
Poor Ricky, just more of his usual whining about those who do from one who never has!! standing by for his usual fraudulent or is it flatulent retort
More potholes to repair in constant freeze/thaw cycles, so I'm not sure how you figure there will be less need for road repairs. I also agree with Flo, if you don't like winter, then move south
Well said. That about sums it up.
Cousin Itty. Adams family
You pay more than $1.40/l for bottled water. Gas needs to be discovered, drilled out of the ground, refined, and distributed to your car, with about $0.70 in tax added onto it. $1.40 seems like a good deal to me.
Sure, you're different.
Well, Duke, I did some research and found nothing about Mola. Why don't you provide us a link. sirencall, I and I'm sure others are eager to learn from your worldly wisdom.
Yes, a nice dose of Francophobia is always a constructive contribution to the discussion.
Buck - notwithstanding the article is about whacking the taxpayer even after making money on the Toronto houses.
Yes Albertans think highly of themselves.
The Liberals should watch the documentary 'Inside Job' before listening to one of the architects of the financial crisis.
Hillary is.........Beauty?!!!!!
I wish 'retired' politicians would keep quiet and enjoy their retirement. Doesn't matter what political stripe they are from Mulroney to Chretien.
Too many rights and freedoms? Need Big Brother to make all your choices for you? Can't think for yourself? Just plain scared?
How do you like the EcoDiesel overall?
Since when have Liberals kept their promises?
Has the murder rate decreased or has the population increased?
Agree. Hillary isn't a lunatic. She would be just another corrupt president like JKK, LBJ, and Nixon.
Played the system
John_CanadaYou're most welcome! Yes, Andrew and the whole panel left me stunned! It was an unforgettable moment in what has beenexhausting and relentlessly negative press. Cheers!
It's vain to think posting cliches is clever.
The very idea of anybody calling the obnoxious Jason Kenney a 'star' is enough to make a person retch.
No Thomas. It means that 55% are not.
New Forum Research poll: NDP at 34%, minority government status. (Who did your poll, let me guess, Pierre Polivere...)
he's long gone
nsdave well I guess Dave has NEVER looked at Texas where they don't even have state tax? They seem to be doing fine, like Alberta (except for the conservatives that can't govern if their life depended on it since Klein)
Problem is that UN mandate is muddled, and often obfuscated in UN double-speak. We owe it to the troops and police officers to ensure that they know exactly what will be required of them.
Obviously you aren't ready either Kevka. If you were, you might have said something relevant to this thread instead of a simple, meaningless and sloganeering hashtag.#KevkaJustNotReady
On the other hand the defrocking of priests and nuns was a good move !!!!
Par for the course....
I am still puzzled as to why corporate Canada is holding on to their cash, instead of investing in their businesses.
A majority is not probation, she has carte blanche to implement her budget and try to get Ontario to grow it's way out of a big debt sink hole.
Nonsense. Give your examples, if you have them.
Mulcair?s NDP = neoliberalism with a human face.
Because every individual in Ontario is responsible right?
This entitled Barrett man-child obviously still has a lot of growing up to do... it's all about him. His first lesson (of the many he needs) should be in how a democracy works!
Hey CH, you're lost. The Rob Ford comments are that way -->
And who are you to place such importance on your self serving opinion to think people really care how you get shined.
To The Work Farce how do you make peace with people who don't want to make peace like President Assad like ISIS yours is a naive question that makes sense only to leftist so-called pacifists
Just a teensy bit racist right ?
Why repeat something you know yo be untrue?
Swedish politicians hate their own race and skin,, there is one woman politician who has basically admitted that, she is very vile.
Are you kidding? The south Vietnamese were treated so well when the communists took over...
Canada's evaluation process is really weak.
The problem is that after 150 years of stability, many people in Canada are no longer vigilant in defense of their rights, they think democracy is a permanent feature of the country, like the weather.
Tx for the answer. I responded elsewhere. Did you need physio? Was it even recommended? Did you receive it or did you have to figure it out by yourself?
OH Please. How are those 20 year old subs making out? Or the cancelled Liberal ghelicopters.....I could go on.
not a dime for global change b.s.
THANK YOU. Pay NO attention to, I believe OSTRICHES is the word. Funny looking creatures
Time to end the ponzi-conomy
Jake - your Liberal/NDP buddies in Ontario are doing a good job driving us toward bankruptcy. Don't want to work - come to Ontario where companies are leaving every few days.
Perhaps roller derby?
A majority of Quebecers are believers. We just don't want religious manifestations in public. Period.
And when has that ever happened? Perhaps you're mistaken with that assumption
Doubt all you want michealmoore. That is your right. Just stop speaking for me and the rest of Canada, OK? A great many of us don't subscribe to your point-of-view. Speak for yourself. But not for us.
I hear what you're saying.
One difference is a the article is about federal party and I'm guessing (not everybody is from Ontario) that you're writing about a provincial party?
'Ideology: escape reality'
Thats what the corporate elite want!
Lester Pearson wasn't PM when Eisenhower was President. He was External Affairs Minister. He and LBJ were contemporaries but not compadres.
Move over Stephen Poloz and Mark Carney. Here comes OldBanister: someone who really knows what they're talking about. LOL Holy s-8t.
Gord, you really think your fellow Canadians who hold different opinions than yours, 'aren't worth the skin they occupy'?It's then more than a little frightening, to imagine you as philosopher king of Canada.
That's trillion with a capital T.
Gay bashing takes place all over the world. There was a gay murder last year in Nova Scotia which made headlines.
Saunders would not have won anyway.
And that fcker McGuinty committed us to 80 cent per kilowatt hour solar!!! What an absolute POS.
Unless Jeffrey is privy to cabinet meeting minutes he is writing fiction plain and simple. Plausible? Perhaps. Wishful thinking? Definitely. Continuing an invented theme? Most certainyly.
The NY Times yesterday had a rebuttal by the Iranian UN ambassador.
...or German comments
'What about the massive incarceration of African-Americans?'==============What about the fact that Canada incarcerates it's first nation people at a rate far higher than blacks are incarcerated in America?
You may be misinformed. French is the most commonly taught second language in the world after English. It is very much alive.
Yes, we are in the market for junk but I rarely buy anything made in China. I buy goods from more sensible countries such Bangladesh, Vietnam, Guatemala.
Demagogues win because they respond to people's actual anxieties, rather than dismissing them with a shrug and an insult. The left should try it sometimes.
and grapes
The Clintons' net worth is now c. 250 million, all of it generated in the last 15 years. How did that happen?
Is that it? Certainly, there must be more?
You accuse people of fear mongering all the time with your unsupportable comments about what the left does.
How odd that Geoff Norquay on those TV panels supported Harper beyond reasonable limits with a shrug of his shoulders and a 'whatever' when challenged on that support should now come out and tell the truth.
Margaret says the battle is over? Ask the bigots at trinity western, or the BC gov.
Not a mention of the open warfare on unions ? Congratulations, Jeffrey, you have joined the guild of revisionist historians.
JH....many of your posts are actually ramblings.
Davos is just a meeting for Liberal elites to tell the unwashed how to live their lives.
How many have ISIS slaughtered so far? The 10 Canadians are just the start...
Uh? It's his job to state an opinion. But you knew that didn't you.
Is it true that all Scottish cuisine is based on a dare?
Chateau Moose.
The Supreme Court and the Charter is all that stands to protect us from an elected dictator.
Don't worry. Steve's on the file.
It's weird that Harpo's 1500 Sturmclickerers have chosen Bliss Forest to make their pathetic taxpayer-funded stand.
I couldn't get past the incredibly ignorant line where Wente claims most city people are against hunting....What an ignorant fool she is...
...and the above I mentioned are both free btw
Oh Alceste, I'm pretty sure if I had chosen instead to comment simply on her nonsense, you would have come here all the same... consistent with your posting history :-)
A simple minded opinion from a very simple minded editorial board.
This emperor has no clothes. This columnist likewise does not have the guts to so say.
'Which 'historical national identity'?'I've heard that we used to be a nation comprised of friendly do gooders who were generally well liked in most countries. But that was before my time.
'A major factor'? We really don't know.
That's because the abuses go beyond just sexual assault. Abuse is more inclusive of their crimes.
Ohhh those terrible terrible Harperites. How do we even allow them into their own country? They seem to think their opinions matter. Hah we the ELITES know better than that don't we? It's the Liberal way or the highway
No, no, no, no! You forgot something: men get a free pass, as they're just little boys inside large bodies.
Look at the list of leaders praising Fidel before echoing Wente's stupid fictions.
Interesting how nobody talks about the studies that have been done regarding daycare. Daycare on average produces a worse outcome for children. Just Google it, the studies are out there.
Drop pot, not bombs! ISIS needs hugs, not bullets! -JT
Ontario voters were not ' fooled ' - they sincerely believe .....
Why did we expected anything else? You have low-educated groups of people from very culturally different area. No language, no culture understanding. Maybe their children will be productive members of our society, but these people won't.
Good to see that most Canadians see thru the MSM BS attempts to paint this refugee crisis as Canada's problem or even the West'sWake me up when the rich gulf states take in hundreds of thousands of refugees as Europe has....
Good to know.
Jeffrey- save you outrage for the McWynnty government and the billions they spent for their party and electoral fraud
So how exactly is calling MMM a lefite without proof classy and calling out Doug for telling porkies, and providing proof, unclassy?
where else are 100, 000 immigrants a year going to live? if every neighbourhood thinks like this ?
Thank you!
Speak for yourself.
It's called requesting a court extension, only a fool wouldn't know that! Oh ya, he is a fool!
But it's a hundred times more effective as a greenhouse gas. Go figure.
Sorry. I forgot. You are the arbitrator of what the public wants.
The tax cuts are also part of a divide and conquer mentality. Create policies that benefit a small defined group and hope that you can switch a few votes away from other parties. With this government, it is never about the greater good.
The Globe should dig into where the $27.50 goes. Every airport entity had there hand out. Your train $27.50 is subsidizing lost parking revenue.
Muzzling scientists, muzzling statistics, harassing charities and organizations that do not agree and supresing voting rules. Hmmm. Sounds like a certain country in the 1930's.
So you were forced to have a gay marriage? Who did they pick for you to marry?
Please get to a English course soon.
Roch.......SNORE!
Obviously it doesn't matter where he's from. It's sickening behaviour.
Women may initiate the divorce, but why? Do you ever think about that? Like, maybe they're beaten, their once lovely husband is hooked on Percs and is dragging the family down? Maybe they're being abused? Maybe their kids are at risk?
Yes solar is $775.64 per mega watt hr vs coal, oil, gas at .64? per mega watt hr.
And thanks to Alberta and Quebec before her, Canadians everywhere know it can be done. Let's go, Canada!
Disagree. The gun issue is one we have right. Its probably the worst of America.
When has the middle east not been chaotic and why would anyone think it will end? Aside from the tribalism, mostly based on ancient superstitions, that continually festers, the land and people do not produce enough to be content with life.
You are correct, in spite of popular opinion that has already condemned him (and in my heart I don't disagree) in fact of law he is still an 'alleged' criminal and will be until he is convicted.
the fate of the Leafs has also been ignored......shame.
Did you see Mansbridge last night? I don't much like him and his s*ck-up style of journalism, but I kind of felt sorry for him, as you could see he was feeling the weight of it all.
Whatever the price charged it is still selling access for money. This still creates a situation that is not fair and looks bad, and most likely is bad.
What have you chosen to do as a citizen of Canada?
Whatever Lloyd... Nobody is listening to your blovating anymore.
Sarcasm at its finest - well done.
You are concerned about actually have a choice?
Couldn't agree more!
Exactly - and no one is complacent about that. Lets give this issue the same due diligence.
PJ is now commingling arguments. Solar panels may be folly, but that's a sidebar. The issues are: 1. Is the climate warming? and 2. Are carbon emissions causing it?To me, the answers are 1. Yes and 2. Probably.
Imagine what would have happened if JT had actually been 'ready.'
They need to look where the money is: a tax on banks and financial transactions!
Patent rights on plants have been around since 1930.
Harper has occupied the moral high ground by helping fight ISISwhich is eviliSIS beheads people and persecutes Chritstians and MuslimsHarper has taken the moral high groundand so just to be contrary the Left opposes him
Why? The NDPQ now have the Liberals down to 30 + seats, next election they'll have them wiped out completely. Harper will sleep better nights knowing the Orange Fiberal Crush is on it.
It's immoral to back sexualized torture. And bloody amazing men have to be told that.
WOW, you totally missed the mark on this one! Enough said!
Trump already made US great before taking the office.
enough, end the scourge of religious lunacy. if you need to worship someone/thing then do me. I am here people. michaeldavidsatan.com
Ms Flood's argument could also be used to discourage foreign students attending U of T and taking teaching capacity from deserving Canadian students. I trust U of T does not accept foreign students at higher tuition thereby displacing Canadians.
lWell ... we cant help stupid can we ? So we should create more laws , so we can put put more people in jail so people like you feel secure in their smugness ..... and the carnage on our highways will continue .....
the participants pay their own way? DiCaprio and Bono yes but not if you are from a NGO or government
[ And maybe they?ll surprise us with something big in the weeks ahead.]My money's on a 'terrorist incident.'
Funny how HRC is asking for quick disclosure from the FBI - when she has held up disclosure from her end for so long.
Why then the divorce rate is about 50%? That means 50% who got divorced were not happy who knows for how long and this study is not accurate.
Would you rather live under someone like Ian Smith or Robert Mugabe? Whatever you think of South Africa there was more freedom and justice there than many black African countries which the left supported.
Yes, government by consensus doesn't work because you will never get a consensus. being prudent and gathering facts is a good thing but I believe this government is using the process as a stall tactic. Time will tell of course.
He's building his own hole.
If you think the Liberals are suddenly going to be honest and transparent look at their record for the previous 100 years.
Oops. Hit the 'Approve' button accidentally. Instead of indulging in personal attacks on Bob Rae, which requires little to no effort, why not attack his argument? What does he write that you find so offensive?
Oh - I thought they were sociopaths.
">13,000 Duffy scandals would cost less than 1 Liberal gas plant scandal" Such a deep Thinker, that you have to quote yourself. ...Guess I'll take all my other points as accepted, then. Thanks.
Our? I don't think that you're Canadian.
ronin x nails it.
Bike lanes and transit are a huge boon to those who choose to drive. Driving would be impossible if all those riding bikes or taking transit suddenly chose to drive instead.
You mean Mr Butts chose them just like he chose Junior...
Maybe you and the kids can watch the debt hit 20 trillion while your in town if you really want to celebrate, hop on over to the Treasury department and listen to the presses printing money too !
Not sure i would fault the cops on this one. Who wants to sit beside some nutball on a plane who might suddenly freak out and indanger other passengers. The Wayner has spoken
Sectarian devout Conservative politicians devalue merits of good judgement. This is Canada under Harper and troopers. There is no pride in supporting these Tea Party folks.
And humans.
As an Albertan I am glad that we are finally trying to get ahead of this issue. Applying a tax is straight forward and causes minimal distortion to economic incentives.
If Chretien is blaming whatever he imagines is wrong with Canada on Harper, then surely Harper also gets the credit for the #1 ranking? Actually that's not how it works, but it's hard for a politician to realize that.
Any evidence for your claim? And for those of us not part of the Ontario Conservative machine, what are 'Annex Ankle Biters'?
You think your "expertise" is worth something? You uneducated rube! In the real world, what YOU think is exactly meaningless.
what you think you see is not always what you get
Well Canada is both...
You know what they say about common sense - all too common.
God bless you.
The Canadian public was way out in front of our politicians on this issue.
ah yes gaze at our own navel why always gaze at the American navel from the moral high ground
God's speed Mr Dix... CHANGE for the BETTER IS ON THE WAY !
The answer is quite simple... look at how wind power is killing Ontario business. Also look at how it's crippling Europe: http://www.telegraph.co.uk/opinion/2016/04/02/were-following-germany-to-an-energy-disaster/
The only problem I can forsee is that Quebec may run out of room for all those leaving the ROC.
CAT bought out the Canadian company a few years back for its technology. Where do you get yours?
Wente is just jealous that she isn't Hillary.
He needs money- and is now approaching the Big Boys (like Adelson).We'll see.
Harper has a beautiful doo!
Oh, one more thing. Have a look at the plight of our first nations folks. Not sure they all get time to go to the spa.
Okie dokie then...
What a bottom trawling article. And the G&M sanctions this tripe and then has the audacity to have an advertisment to try the Globe Unlimited - 1 month for just 99c. Only good for chip wrap, I'm afraid.
You mean it was Richard's venue.
I have no idea at all what your rants have to do with this Article???
it's a no-brainer, go with 'Them'
Actually in a sense, at least since the overthrow of the man mentioned in this article, Oliver Cromwell.
Canada's reputation: #1 in the world: http://www.businessinsider.com/the-top-20-countries-ranked-by-reputation-2015-7
Truckers aren't out. You do realize that shipping costs are just added to the product right?
I'll RogerDat. Northern you are all wet, follow the money.
perhaps the tarsands of Ft McMurray.
She literally has no chance. She's a well intended socialist who has no ability to lead a city the size of Toronto. That she's even a MP is entirely a result of her late husband's niche popularity. 3rd place at best.
Well, let the humour columnists do the same thing frankphi was talking about... only with words. It has nothing to do with creating chaos in a crowded theatre and everything to do with REAL media freedom and not cow towing to political correctoids.
Ms. Renzetti use of the denial/denier terms just confirms that the whole 'climate change' thing is a religion and has nothing to do with science!
Are you kidding??? Bullying Clinton - the Harper and gang are cheering on the Queen of Chaos. Clinton - both of them - are scum. As for Trudeau he is just another choir boy for the empire - just like Harper.
Interesting that Tay turned out to be a lot like any teenager -- right about a lot of stuff and wrong about other stuff.
Some of those mistakes are already being made. However, soaking the 'wealthy' top 5% will not fix things sustainably. A more thoughtful approach will be required, especially as Canada's economic future diminishes.
A society that does not protect itself does not deserve to survive....
"Do Trudeau and the NDP scare Harper? Hardly"He's much more afraid of garlic and wooden stakes.
I thought socialists prefer doing things for free.
...polls,polls and more MSM generated political polls=CAVEAT EMPTOR?!... results of the only poll that matters on Oct 19th, 2015=Liberal minority, depending on how Quebec breaks a majority!...
Martin Luther never had much influence in France. Of course, that other German idol AH ordered Paris burned.
Will there be mandatory courses to put forth a competing narrative?
Are you sure about that Wally? Have you actually read the other comments?
A famous economist or maybe Mark Twain once said; 'there are lies, damn lies and there are statistics.'
heterosexual white males as long as they are bilingual and went to French immersion and have a disability sarcasm
I think the PM and his cohorts are hoping that the base stays intact. I think they 'couldn't care less' about the rest of us.
How about the media just stop invading his privacy and report on real news.
Pablum with a squirt of maple syrup. That's Ms. Wente.
The only reason anyone takes a job with the Laffs is money. They know the Laffs are losers and will remain losers.
@WhatTheThunderSaid: Talk about understatement. A completely intolerant, racist, bigoted society. Lionel Groulx any one?
Jeffrey Simpson nails it! Finally.
Looks like you have been listening to the lies of communist China.
A Dickensian throwback. Beautiful.
A+ for grammer.
I don't suppose Reagan & Bush Jr played a part?
I like the complaint from the immigrant who refused to wash her hands while working at McDonalds. It just shows up the idiocy of both multiculturalism and our human rights kangeroo courts.
And killed 60,000,000 people.
Allow me to summarise all the liberal posts so far about this editorial:'Waaaahhhh you're mean! We don't like you!'
South of the 49th? You mean places like Montreal and Ottawa (45th parallel) and Toronto (43rd parallel)? It's quite possible that most Canadians have never been north of the 49th parallel in their lives. What's it like up there, anyway?
He had to, otherwise he'd have had nothing to work with. When you look at the party platforms, nearly 70% of Canadians agreed with most of it. Seems like thats Canadian enough.
ehhh . . . Halina? The present Ontario government is right wing.
What are the Harper thumb monkeys going to do now? They been busily criticizing JT for PETs relations with Cuba. Now their hero has done the same thing. Can't process, head exploding...
Talleyrand? History?? FRENCH history??? What are you, some kind of latte-sipping urban elitist?
Great sense of humour in this column.
Why would every Band want to join the Corporation of Canada and give up their Sovereignty and Right to self- govern, for the convenience of the white-man and their Queen?
Not baffling, typical.
Desmond Cole, the journalist, has been stopped 50 times. You should read his Toronto Life article. http://www.torontolife.com/informer/features/2015/04/21/skin-im-ive-interrogated-police-50-times-im-black/
So Russia bombs the daylights out of the US proxy army, called rebels. If a proxy army would attack Israel, the US would bomb the daylights out of that army for sure. It's a sick game.
What liberals and progressives, like the author of this piece, fail to mention is that Japan started the war by attacking Pearl Harbor. And by the way, the modern digital computer and the Internet have their beginnings in the US military.
Oh Prog111, what Andrew stated is true. It's telling that what he said is less of an issue with you than to whom he was referring. Poor Prog111.
I'm waiting for the Ben Affleck version.
And yet Canada has the number one reputation in the world...
Huh? Thomas are you truly that naive?
'we don't need the usual tired left-wing platitudes that have no basis in reality'---------------------------------Just as we don't need the same old insult slinging holier than thou attitude from the right-wing as illustrated by you.
' but to also dampen the traits of what makes America great, such as: compassion, inclusion, equal opportunity, fairness, equality, truth and justice.'-----------------------------In what fantasy world are they at?
Bang on and worst critique you can make of any sport or person! BORING!!!
Life's not so black and white.
'Police officers need to hold themselves and their co workers to high standards.'they're human, they don't.They need to be held accountable by us and our elected m0r0ns
The point of this article is excellent. While I don't think the solution is feasible, I do think we should all have a better understanding of this (and other veteran) veteran issues and help promote better outcomes for them all.
Americans on average aren't too...
The ghost of Qaddafi came back to take a revenge...
It has been reported in many places for days. The Canadian media has just refused to cover it.
In fairness, the COUNTRY isn't second class. Just the current government, and I'd say calling them second-class is a compliment of extravagant proportions. Really, they are class-less, as in devoid of all class.
I commit to ignore the climate change deniers and do everything I can to not add to the problem.
It must be so fun to be you.
I am sorry for your loss, but this article does not say that chemotherapy is a panacea. People die despite treatment, but your odds are often better with chemotherapy (as opposed to organic veggies and massage).
You're letting your 71 year old imagination run away.
It truly is sick.
Brian MulroneyMike HarrisStephen HarperThe dustbin of historyConservatives all
Nice Tea Party term, moon howler.
It just goes to show you how daft the voters really are.
Harper is not qualified to be PM. The Liberals with all their faults did a better job. The PCs under Mulroney were just as corrupt as the Liberals. Paul Martin at least exposed things through Gomery.
Of course the CBC sensationalized this story. Otherwise, they would have had a promo that said 'Tonight, on the CBC, we have a non-story, about a non-issue, that frankly isn't worth your time watching. More at 10.'
God forbid we get to the point where a terrorist attack is not exceptional.
8. More guns in the US9. Lower levels of education10. Lower standard of living overall11. Much higher rates of violent crime...........
If the torture of one or more individuals will save the life of hundreds or even thousands of people it is more than justified. It may not be palatable to all but the people who handle are aware of the 'big picture'.
They have history on their side.
8 years of Conservative rule was enough... nice to get real government...
And your ideas for addressing the issues highlighted in the article are...? Do share your brilliance with the rest of us.
I care NorbitGlass. I really do. I'm sorry buddy and it might be time for you to do something different!!!
Likely bump into Trudeau trolls.
The push to reduce partisanship in politics, framed as a retreat from vulgarity, is nothing more than an attempt to embrace the paternalistic one party state.
Anyone with any sense is opposing Trump. He is a loudmouthed fool.
Are you saying that not everybody that Trudeau let in is a true refugee? How disappointing!
Ah but they are ads (sorry, informative snippets) paid for by the taxpayer. At some point in the election process, the government infomercials will be supplemented by party paid ads.
Hear hear! These vandals have completely usurped the civil service, and taken it away from its mandated role of, wait for it, civil/public service.
If you are anti-vaccine and believe in homeopathy you are definitely against products like this... on the other hand, if you have a modicum of sense and tend to favour science over magic, you are more open-minded about new developments.
Carefully hidden from North American public for almost two years: http://www.archipelagofiles.com/2014/03/this-photo-of-two-engineers-hugging.html
If Hudak ever does become premier this is what we get, a provincial level Rob Ford.
He does have the genes for it.
"everybody".....?? so he was speaking in an empty room? if so - how do you know? you were obviously not there
you mean the industries that are left after the others left or closed down because they couldn't afford the McGuinty electrical ratesYou conveniently forgot those little details.
Oh I wish the progressives could just debate issues without going into silly hysterics.
Justin loves charities. They pay him a lot of money just to hear him speak. Charities are very lucrative for one person in Canada; Justin Trudeau.
What you'll never understand is that while French may not be missed within North America, it would be missed within Canada. That's because you're a North American who has no problem with cultural conformity and homogeneity.
You don't have to 'come out' as a heterosexual, because that is the majority and assumed.
Rational thinking, not fear mongering, should drive out responses in this regard.
I'd add that, depending on who does it and how, sociology can be a 'very analytical subject.' Some use very descriptive and qualitative approaches, some use statistics and hard quants. Both have their uses.
If the comments here are the true yardstick how people will vote , the Liberal will win a landslide election next time, and Harper conservatives will be wiped out from the map.
Where in this article is it said or implied that it is always men who are deviants? I'm pretty certain that is not said not is it suggested.
Canada follows the U.S. into fascism.
That basically what he wrote
If something good exists, it can be tampered with in the future...
hitler and al capone were christians....
I doubt you're smarter than your cats. He didn't say he'd been bitten, only that it wasn't likely to be enjoyable. Young children these days are so lucky to have been born smart enough to know how to deal with racoons without any parental guidance.
How do i claim a free house, income, and sit on my bum?
Great post- thanks!
Perhaps not. They do love a strong horse and the threat of withering retaliation sharpens even the dullest jihadi mind.
I didn't know journalism degrees come in crackerjack boxes. This girl no doubt got hired for her looks.
He's not even ready for Saturday morning cartoons
Actually change will NEVER HAPPEN so long as black and white and yellow races have access to guns. If only Albinos could own a handgun in USA there would be no gun-crimes or violence of that sort.
I bet he voted for JT and his nationalist rhetoric in the last CDN election. Of course he's smart though, it's the people in the US and the UK who are idiots.
Globe and Mail thoughtful? Hardly - the newspaper, now fishwrap. that supported the election cheaters, liars and thugs, headed by the petty and vindictive one, we now have as government.
LazeelinkLOL!!!!! is right. Your talking about Executive Orders, I'm talking about Executive Action. There is a HUGE difference!!!!.
You're voice of reason claimed 2 million aboriginals in Canada in the mid-1750s. Care to provide a qualified source for this ? The estimates I've heard have been around 200, 000. If you choose to B-S people they're just going to ignore you.
Because we don't give a clump of cells rights. Would you suggest that if a woman miscarries that there should be a manslaughter investigation?
Which part of "offer to me a different solution" did you not comprehend? It's easy to criticize, it's hard to think. You fall into that category.
So another similarity to Harper then - just dumb lucky to be the beneficiary.
I see that economic backwater called Norway has 3.5% unemployment, oh and $700 billion(US dollars) in their sovereign wealth fund. maybe we could learn from them, instead of following the 'land of the free' to our south.
There once was a climate denier Of lying he never did tire He said with a grin The point is to win And all the more wealth to acquire.
alceste, sometimes doing the right thing is not easy and you have to be strong. Something you wouldn't understand.
or the people at her table downplayed her state to shield her, which is often how things go. We can't know for sure, of course.
That's hilarious. As if religion has been tolerant of anything. A case of the intolerant complaining about intolerance. Religion, always looking for new enemies.
it seems big media only prints stories approved by the DNC if not actually written by the clinton campaign like the stuff in the globe for example.
Go and live in North Korea or Cuba.
Dostoevsky is turning over in his grave that the likes of you has appropriated that name.
Whoa!!!! 'Correct The Record' is working overtime for Hillary, keep it up keyboard warriors!
I'll take Ford over Miller. Any surplus Miller may have left came at the expense of 3 new taxes, increased property taxes, and extending the amortization period (number of years) to pay off the debt.
Revenue neutral? Governments are too strapped for cash to have any of this climate change scam revenue neutral. Will never happen.
Yeah, I noticed that too, Jane. And he obviously didn't write his own headline either.
Bravo, Michael Higgins; bravo G&M. Editorial comment of rare reach and intelligence in these stultifyingly self-absorbed times.
'Justin Trudeau is a complete EMBARASSMENT to this country !!!!!!!!!!'So are you!
You about done, lol? Nobody forces this upon you oh hypocrite one.....enjoy the comments and grab a tissue! SignedSmug Sanctimonious AmeriCanadian
It's obvious that the CBC needs to hire Rob Ford as the new Q host to keep the 186 US stations, that send them money, on board.
Lets see the receipts for the claimed 20k and 23k personal stuff. Then we'll talk.
Is that the sports equivalent of 'committing sociology'?
Count on the Republicans to overplay a crappy hand.
This was from an era when politicians were actual LEADERS. Those days are long gone.
so-called racism is simply one of many forms of bigotry which is sociologically quitenormal for the homo sapien.
oh my goodness another one. Do men that hate women get laid? Do women know they are secretly hated? It doesn't seem probable to me.
Canada can get its contribution to world total GHGs down from 1.67% to 1.66 % with a slow down in the economy and high unemployment. Go for it.
Exactly. Obama was happy that ISIS was 'contained'. He couldn't care less if Christians and Yazidis are being butchered. If Putin hadn't got involved things would be much worse than they are now.
It is difficult to imagine a position less principled than employing the smear of Antisemitism against decent ('principled') critics of Israel.
Is it too much to ask that I be given the right to choose the time and means of my death?
Joe You must be the one person out of a hundred who has no problem with the taxi industry. Filthy beat up cars, drivers who don't know their way around, cash only payment I could go on without mentioning peak period chronic shortages
Well Loonie, he's either a liar or extremely incompetent on the refugee file for a starter. He is saying the opposite of what his ministers are saying regarding the failure to bring 25,000 refugees in before 2016.
Over time, you will see more North Americans living in European style tiny apartments. That is already the reality for many people in Toronto and Vancouver, where the price of a single family home is out of reach.
How many men are murdered in South Africa compared to the global average?
John Paul II always got to the heart of the matter.
Double what?
Listen if I had to live that far north and tolerate those gawdawful winters I'd drink too!
So women who stay home aren't contributing anything - just sitting around eating chocolates and arranging flowers?
John Baird calls UN drought agreement 'talkfests'Is this a surprise? Remormists can't even stand discution on national matters within their own party? How could they discuss about world wide matter? C'est la politique du Je, me et moi.
No, I rabidly attacked Clinton and supported Sanders then Stein. Your Trump pal is still an edjit.
'Beware of Harper's secret agenda...' Still waiting on that one....lol.....and waiting......and waiting.........
The next time the polygamists of Bountiful fly planes full of people into buildings full of people for the glory of their particular god... you let us know...
Capitalism is the only form where both parties to a transaction benefit. You may not like that but it is the truth. What is better?
The guy's a bad joke. Only silly Libby partisans are too blind not to notice.
Globalism has no transparency or accountability. This has left, many with not enough to live on or a place in their own towns to live in.
The OCA wasn't forbidden from looking at anything. Your post is nonsense.
my wife ....
Mel writes for The Onion
And part-time drama teacher Justin Trudeau isn't over his head, right?
Well said, to the point and factual.
Is beige between yellow/ pink / white? I suppose I could be beige. Beige power!
The middle east was screwed up by Bush, Obama is just trying to get it back together again. Try writing with an honest agenda!
In the absence of reasoned argument - call the other guy names and use florid adjectives to marginalize and discredit.
What part of you moved?
Chinese will not allow any one to attack it unprovokedly, that pretty sure. Also China provides the basic humanitarian need for them, even for free. That is all Chinese as friend can do even they don't approve many things NK does.
Those particular trolls aren't being paid now, so their absence is conspicuous. Otherwise, I agree - I'm surprised that trope has not been used.
Congratulations! You win the Unintelligible Rant of the Day Award!
Just like Harper.. who hides from the media every day, except for when he wants a photo op to make some announcement handing out iyr money to another Corporation..
Good, balanced, and thoughtful article by Gary Mason. Need more reporters like him around.
Your scorn and vitriol suggests you're not believers, so why not wait until you can make some constructive criticism? If ever?
This article makes NO SENSE whatsoever. It is the CPC that Voted to keep Harper as leader despite his humongous problems. If they thought Harper didn't represent their values, they had the chances to vote someone else in.
The three petitions: Ontario: http://chn.ge/1duy2jt Alberta: http://chn.ge/KwSEAp BC: http://bit.ly/K3XmVJ
That's the beauty of Voodoo trickle downs.... you can smoke and mirror anything to suit your needs..... than one day.... POOF
Oh...be serious ...who made it an issue... The Trailer Park.. made it.
Haha very true. It does not matter what you do.... people will always find something to complain about.
when Baird was in bharain a country that heaped abuses on its peoples during the arab springhe not only said nothing he struck a trade deal with themso please get stuffed
Yes the PM made the offer Alan and Olivia took the bait hook line and sinker. The PM exposed her and her party as hypocrites.
The difference is that DDT actually gets rid of mosquitos. This law won't get rid of spam - I'd be surprised if it even puts a dent in it.
above post by Concerned Canadian is a MUST READ
You guys threaten to cancel your subscription every election. And of course the Globe ill support the CPC again. There are no other viable alternatives.
Wow. Can someone decode that for me, I left my ring in my other vroomenleggings?
' . . . the UN Security Council is blocked by the Russians who are being their usual ruthless selves . . 'Easy with the stones there, kettle . . . Go back to your glass house!
Who is "we" Rochdale? You and your 10 cats?
Thank you for your sycophantic post, Mr. Burns. It's eye-opening to read such a level of inanity and seriosity surrounding a child's game. I hope these culprits are strung up, Texas style. YEE HAW !
Michele, You are not logical. Perhaps you need to consider what double-dipping means. Hire teachers based on best qualifications and not where their pension comes from. Your posts just make zero sense.
So people who would like a promotion need to take a $126,000 haircut? Are you crazy? Would you hire somebody who was stupid enough to say to you "I would happily throw $126,000 out the window to take your job offer with no job security?"
Awful indeed. But I read lots of papers, NY Times included, where I first read about this and wonder why you don't write about this in some kind of original from a Canadian point of view kind of way.
Really!!!! LOL
You are so right. Police are the same.
If you think it's messy now wait till we find out we've signed onto a campaign to remove Assad in Syria. http://www.mccain.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=248c4233-d909-4377-a877-9eaf5fdc3b04
Keystone is a pawn to global climate politics, and global climate politics is a pawn to global geo politics. Which is the greater injustice?
As much as I dislike this liberal government, Manning's rumbling is very dishonest and full of disinformation. Sad and bitter little old man.
I am interested in how you have come to such conclusions about Trudeau Jr.?
So would I JBays and after dinner we'd retire to the patio and smoke a few fatties and watch the universe expand. Yeah, good old Carl!!!
Why would anybody with 'wisdom' volunteer themselves as candidate for the political circus ?!
Right. And will this separatist nonsense be finally put out to pasture?
Canada needs to engage the world in multi-lateral activities, but not with the corrupt and ineffective UN.
HOW ?? Simple if you have to rush your partner to the Hospital because of food poisoning, YOU KNOW THE FOOD IS CONTAMINATED- simple.
um, he's a doctor. so they should be jailed because there is turmoil?
Really? How come they saved the Kurds in Kobani, and have scared ISIS into moving out of Raqqa?
You rebel you!
?"rookies" I don't think so. And you might want to improve upon up on your lack of knowledge.. oh look and Justin smiles with another human being http://www.cbc.ca/news/politics/justin-trudeau-s-inner-circle-a-reflection-of-the-leader-1.2538082
Only the self-absorbed in their ant-like thinking, consider the working poor, 'grasshoppers'.
not credible
There's actually an excellent documentary on YouTube, over one million and a half viewers, You be the judge: Clinton Cash Official Documentary https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7LYRUOd_QoM
Get a grip. Soldiers died in Afghanistan. Did nothing you suggest. Try reality sometime... you'll like it.
Are you really serious????
cry me a river...
BLM called the gays of Toronto a bunch of racists. What is the point of that?
And over 60% voted against the Liberal party. You can't change something as fundamental as our electoral system with 39% of the voters supporting you.
So you are record as being in favor of child labour. Nice!
This is refreshing. Typical political responses in many places are (a) eww, controversy, let's just kick it down the road for five years; and (b) ah, a wedge issue, let's announce a policy without reserarch or consultation.
I have never seen so little put into so many paragraphs. Must be a record
hes way too smart. (the bar is low)
Thats Dom Perignon, not don perrier.
and your point is?
try following the news yourself and actually following what he says and does.
Yah there is a lot of denying going on alright..
Lets see more articles like this which have substance. Its a shame folks are only reading of this after the budget vote when the info has been out before the vote.
Which only indicates your being out of touch.
The world had enough of secret police in the former Soviet countries. Ordinary people lived repressed lives in a climate of suspicion for decades. (Time to read Kafka again). Eventually the regimes all failed.
Could you add Northwest too, the folks on the Queen Charlotte Islands might feel left out.
Filthiest oil on the planet - the EU calls it 'dirty oil' and embargo it - people should listen to Neil Young and David Suzuki - they got more brains than all of the Canudian government put together
You lost that battle and you lost the war. If I'm given appropriate drugs and instruction then I may well do it by myself. But others will find it physically impossible, and they have the right to be given help.
I think the article is bang on.
Once the income splitting carrot is dangled, this is all that is going to matter in the next election.
You of course got a thumbs down .. I gave you one up .-)
Hmm. Sounds like maybe your brain is wired to dismiss the science/ignore climate change. Could it be the author is actually onto something? Nah, let's go with your conspiracy theory and call it 'logical thinking' instead. Yeah, that's the ticket.
And how many mosques have you been in recently. Name them and give actual examples of what was said and by whom.
CPP- is a rip off plain and simple. A tax in disguise. I have been paying into it for 40 years ,and the max I can draw is a joke. This money was managed by idiots.
Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha !So Harper was right all along. trudeau, the liberals and the media have been lying to Canadians for all these years!
But that isn't what parents mean when they tell a child they're special. They mean unique.
I figure Saunders gets a second paycheck from the Soros foundation.
'Want some compelling counterpoint to the blatant propaganda in this cutesy 'Dear Britain' editorial? Watch this:'Cool, propaganda to counter propaganda, watched by people who know about EU only how it's spelled.
Jimbo5... yet there is an immediate jump in the poll numbers for the Cons. IF that is is anyway connected to this boondoggle, it tends to suggest that the strategy is working. And THAT is pretty sobering.
Stewart not funny? Perhaps you should lighten up!
Then you do that. Don't tell gay people to ignore the Russian situation! The spotlight is on Russia right now To me your not a gay rights supporter, you're just trying to deflect away from Russia
Why do you read such a despicable newspaper?
Kris is doing Her auto repeat rants yet again... same day same old gullings...
'appeasers'. What a shameful word to apply to a person and persons you know nothing about.
APB to all readersA MUST READ TODAYBruce Livesey on the Progressive Economics Forum re the CBC.....Stunning reading!
Airing contrary views is not shoddy journalism in my book.
Harper is a disgrace.
I don't know about that being true as far as the US but I hear what you are saying.
Funny how Canadians choose to make themselves poorer and unhealthier by drinking sugar water instead of tap water.
Which is why, today, all Canadian live in igloos and hunt seals.
How about some evidence produced by a scientist who doesn't stand to gain financially?
Exactly. One action at a time, and it may help focus the minds of the majority of voters within those jurisdictions trying to pander to the most conservative or regressive parts of their electorates.
Mulitiple partner marriage is the most advocated form of marriage in the bible...
gather you do have a vote? a real one?
Overeducated? How would the laws of supply and demand apply to the oveabundance of anything?
Lots of those ugly soft shoes online. I have a bunion and can't find shoes either so decided to bite the bullet and pay for the few podiatrists left that do minimally invasive surgery. The next size up for me would be men's shoes and I like fashion.
Yes, ROBALTA. The debate could begin with, 'Mr. Harper, let us show you what we mean by 'reset.'
I suppose some respected him when he was a 'journalist'. I sure didn't.
Truer words never said.
I call B$. Canada isn't even close to the top of the list for per capita refugee resettlement. If you're going to make things up, pick things that aren't so easy to verify.
But she does have her many rendezvous at the Chateau Laurier which the polite Canadian press leaves alone. If it was the U.S. press - OMG there would be fire works.
Human life begins when one makes the choice to bear that life into existence.
This should be pretty simple for you to understand...
That would be trustworthy Laurie Watt, of the Barrie Advance. Protecting Canadians from the G&M since 2013.
don't worry if you don't work for apple you are not on the list
Obama talked a good game but talk is talk. He has left the world a more dangerous place and will be considered the least effective of the black American presidents that will reach that office.
"Alarmist web sites"? And yet a sizable majority of researchers in this field ARE alarmed, some of them greatly so. Waffle, prevaricate and try to run out the clock as you will, the data is marshalled against you.
It is good to look at the Green plan but in reality a Green vote is a vote for the Conservatives
because the child has a right to life, despite the crime against the child.
Cassandra obviously you are either too young or have conveniently forgotten when it was the liberals who were benefiting from the Cons and Reformers splitting their vote.
The main difference between capitalism and communism is that capitalism is man's exploitation of man while communism is the opposite. The model of Nordic social democracy seems to be trumping all.
One of the more juvenile posts. Give it some thought and try again.
Trudeau did more damage to Canada than any other PM Chretien was an A- hole and Martin was left to clean up Chretien's mess. ADSCAM 40 million not paid back. Martin stole from EI to have a balanced budget. Go Harper Go
This from a guy who can't spell "through" or even "too". "To funny, but expected."
Any guesses as to how long the family will stay there before moving to Toronto?
How is he not a Liberal? He worked for Trudeau Sr. as per the article.
Which part? US said they sent money for a regime change They visited the coup personally Calls are on record to show that they had interest in it Same calls show how they are hand-picking the gov't Poroshenko used to work with/for US
Too bad you can't ask Stephen an unscripted question about it.
I can't wait to read the Globe's torturous reasoning when they come to endorse Harper et al. at the next election.
Obama has done nothing to hold any rapist or commands accountable. Women have been coming forward with stories and being ignored. theusmarinesrapecom
here's an example of a populist snob judging people based on insecurities sad little man
I don't think the purpose here was an exhaustive history of recent robot missions.
Of course to present facts and crunch numbers seems to be beyond the ability of the media, in all forms. Investigative reporting ... h e l l o o o .....
...she rolls out aseries of her so called attacks on faith....none of which attack Jesus, or Mohamed or Budda etc .... the pope's the church, aand her aunt....that's not attacking faith
Are you suggesting that Sarah is stunned?
Or stop buying the doomsday BS and listen to what the founder of Greenpeace has to say about it.http://www.thegwpf.org/patrick-moore-should-we-celebrate-carbon-dioxide/
Your a big part of the problem
The next thing she'll want is sharia law. And the people of Owetario will support her in that too.
Fair points on Adams and Blair.
Well said, Citizen 1.
A LITTLE paranoid???
In the unlikely event the US wished to do that, no-one would go to war over it.
Catalyst, my eye, more like a pretentious class-baiter with all the savoir faire of a high school flunky.
SayNothing has just turned 13! Happy birthday, SayNothing! BTW, how's grade 1 coming along?
centrist... I have no idea what you're talking about, but, from what little I could glean, you believe that the right wing or radical neocon right have somehow forced you to tune in to whatever they're promoting... is that correct ?
Totally agree. This government is unlike anything I've seen in Canada, where hypocrisy is concerned!
It is a thing of beauty when the state has become so big that we have to immigrate more suckers to help pay for our largess. You can see this repeating itself decade after decade.
www. theglobeandmail.com/news/toronto/tdsb-director-resigns-over-plagiarism-phd-dissertation-includes-unattributed-passages/article7167752/
They make war. And we will be dragged into it.
....and the country has a PM in the same category as the twit that calls herself premier.
Personally, I resent being mislabeled a xenophobe or islamophobe for having a rational aversion to being blown up in public places by radical islamists. Going forward, can we please start using the more accurate label 'radical islamophobia' ?
BO already tried that and look where it got the dems
Your comment has what relevance to the points raised in the article, exactly?
This blows away all credibility of the 'rule of law' in the Meng Huawei farce. My friends in China are following this very closely. Appearance is important and this appears really bad.
Well, Harper certainly proved something this week... PM Stephen Closetboy Harper.
Nothing can rescue Grease.
The only thing that a politician can communicate 'with straightforward words and phrases' are taxes.
'Elections Canada seems to have stumbled badly ...Nonsense. It didn't 'stumble'. The agency has been corrupted by the same hand that has corrupted the election process since 2008.
>>Chamberlain lives in Nato's atticWhen are people going to stop dragging out this old chestnut about Chamberlain each time the US tries to goad a country into war?
Seriously, what would you expect if Mr. Trudeau suddenly 'got back to work'? The powers of a federal government are pretty minuscule despite optimistic campaign slogans. Slow growth is Canada's future.
Our country respect all faiths. That's the country I respect.
We've been paying our rent to NORAD. We don't expect a thank you or anything though...
I don't know why you got thumbs down on this. I have read the Koran as well, and perhaps just perhaps if there hadn't been 'stuff' added on as became convenient, Islam might not be in quite such as mess as it is. And it is a mess, for sure.
It would have been fair had they decided that they will endorse no one, as that is where the content of the piece was leading.
On the international level, the United States hasn't won a thing since WWII. Why start now?
I'm sure you could probably read it word for word somewhere else.
'It reminded me of the hajj ? a sea of individuals from near and far, united in their love for a noble ideal. Differences melted into a shared vision of the future.'---surely you also know that the Niqab is banned at the hajj.
If one needs to be steeped in the crooked traditions of Bay Street to qualify as a Finance Minister, then there is no hope for this country.
You and Junior really have to but down the bong....
No, it's not. It started elsewhere.... one Clinton volunteer staffer forwarded it, then it was stamped out, the staffer immediately fired, and an apology offered to the Obama team and accepted by them. Those are the facts.
>> By the way I never said anything about you supprting any party So "from your precious Liberals" was what, a typo? If so, try to be more precise with your words next time.
The majority of people cure or transform their addictions and wounds through self discipline and great effort.
Regardless, the student's request is completely at odds with the values and ethics of Canada and the professor was correct in turning it down. You create a strawman argument to make a specious point.
So they say their objective is (eventually) to establish a global caliphate under sharia law, but you turn that into the much more agreeable if we leave their 'yard' they'll abandon their historic quest. I disagree, I take their words over yours.
What are ambiguous genitalia?
George: I for one, don't want your pity. I want you to pay the CBC what you think it's worth... directly.
What about Coal Harbour?
It's a fact. Mulcair and Megan leslie are anti-Canadian liars.
@Borg. Agreed. Re the choir thing, sad but true. On the other hand, the choir gets bigger and bigger by the day and grows to include more influential people. One does not have to be a partisan to loathe Harperites.
When pimps started to beat up their merchandise and move it from place to place.
"Left wing theories"? With your false statement claiming that Tuktoyaktuk's coastline isn't eroding you've already shown yourself to be a liar or an incompetent with respect to technical matters.
....said the middle-aged white woman. A group who more and more seem to think they are somehow immune to the blame for this kind of thing.
But Mohammed and Moses share the same god? But your god is a racist? This doesn't make sense.. where did you find this god? Does he speak to you of violence and that killing to protect land is moral?
Don't be so damned condescending.
15 points for that?! Wow, what sophisticated discourse.
Anyone who begins with 'elitists in the media' doesn't deserve the time of day. Throwing mud is all you know.
Excellent post highlighting again the selling of public assets for short term gain. Certainly Mike Harris selling of the 407 to balance his budget to win an election is an example for Wynne to ponder.
I agree with you regarding the new commenting set up. It makes healthy debate very difficult. As to the article, there is much to agree with, but those who buy it 100% are somewhat lacking inn the critical reasoning skills; lol.
Oh Leaside Hack - here's a fun fact for you
Byers, keep drinking the leftist cool-aid. You live in a black and white world and yours is particular black. The life of a hypocrite is difficult, you have to keep making things up.
I cringe every time that I hear about our dual citizens placing ballots at a Canadian location to elect a politician in another country.
Our system has some silly rules, many of them misguided attempts to limit spending.
Why should someone have to pledge allegiance to the welfare queen, she doesn't even live in Canada
Compared to Harper, Charles I was an angel.
seems to me the Government of Canada doubled the price of passports recently when they made them valid for 10 yearssuckers
Your ancestors didn't have the guts to fight 'Indian Wars' 200 years ago, and their descendants don't have the guts to fight them today. Like you, for example, tough guy.
Fortunately your not judgemental Only incremental
The country needs a new doctor. Let's hope the new government will appoint a new BoC governor after the next election.
If you understood that Australia had a whites only immigration policy until 1973 it makes a bit more sense. That being said the way it was written leaves you hanging.
JT has not a solid team, mostly rookies, sorry much rather have Harper on the worldstage, then Peter Pan.
'(great toilet time reading :-) ).'-----------------------And if you ever run out of toilet paper you've got . . .oh, never mind . . .>: (
If they stopped sending raw logs to China to be milled there and supports jobs there ,they could probably create 295 jobs, or more here, than Enbridge is promising for BC.
His original view didn't seem to be that roundabouts were better with education.
Yup, women are hardwired to marry up and it's getting harder to do. Well first the women kick the men out of all the good jobs, then they turn around and want a man with a good job. Not much wonder it is getting harder to find a good man.
He really helps them when they get home too.
Tell me Leggy, when has an editorial, by its nature commentary, been considered politically neutral? Have you ever read a newspaper before?
I reckon so.
And you think Verizon will make this better? Hahahahahahahaha!Good luck with that!
I'm puzzled by the furore over the words 'Black Lives Matter'. Do they not?
Anonymity, both online and in real-world situations is essential to any free society. The push for online personal identification is a push to control any and all narratives through public shaming and hen-pecking tactics.
So now Larry the Lefty has even decided we can't make fun of them any more. But it was okay when they criticized Stephen Harper every two minutes. Sorry but good for the goose, good for the gander Larry.
The Judicial Committee was the highest court of appeal. It doesn't matter that it was in London. It overturned the supreme court in the Persons Case as well as in most of the early constitutional cases.
Harper is following his Australian consultan'ts game book to a tee.
...and if there was still a death penalty, at the gallows.
Cause and effect. You are not aging well like myself. I do not age at 90! I have no doctor, no medical expenses. I am gut-run, living on small carnivore portions. I have food-fun, good for another 10, 20, 30 or more years---------
Yup, same with the Greens. The 68% of Canadians who voted against the Harperites voted *against* the Harperites.
And you likely won't, until the public's backs are to the wall, and they have no alternative. It's human nature to avoid and deny.
Gold Mountain: So what? If Stephen Harper wants to establish a foundation to promote Canadian history, good for him. I'd help him do it.
A guy asks for illegal aliens to be deported an prevented from entering. He asks that Muslims be extra scrutinized. Lord knows we scrutinize the all white militias as well. Is that racist ?
'Half a league, half a league, Half a league onward, All in the valley of Death, Rode the six hundred.'Forward, the Light Brigade! charge for the guns' he said: Into the valley of Death Rode the six hundred.'Tennyson
Ask the Natives what they think about cultural suppression. Or about traditions from the Old Country. After all, that Queen of Thieves is still Canada's Queen, right?
Very wrong here, Alex. Harper was undeniably bright. He was not at all similar to Trump.
Actually, he is just reporting expert opinion, which he does well. You can read the original report and check for yourself.
warbirdmost of them
Actually, one of them turned down their pensions. Guess who.
On a serious note, you have the right idea towards self sufficiency for aboriginals!
Just throw around the word elite and you have solved everything.
that's Hilarious, suicded, how else could you shoot yourself twice in the head?
IMHO, a bribe recipient, without a bribe donor seems a lot like the unmistaken sound of one hand clapping.
Count me in for indicting Cheney. First Palin, now Trump. That is half of them. Go figure.
that logic held until the NDP started to lap the Liberals, so the Libs are now the 3rd party outliers and spoilers; make your vote count! vote NDP
'Date rape' is an absurd idea. But feminists and their emasculated supporters have steamrolled the courts and the legislatures.
I do, I refuse to have children ever although its mainly the cost in money and time taking care of them why I don't want them.
It is shameful.
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Don't stay quiet. Stand up for your beliefs. If a so-called friend is not able to agree to disagree and unfriends you, then good riddance.
Another one of Margaret's half-baked columns.
New term coined, 'limited white privilege.' This is a kinder, gentler term to distinguish between classes.
Oh, Fred, we have been waiting for years for the press to finally stand up and ask questions..........
The Union Pearson Express was not a P3 project. The project was a conventional design and tender project paid for by Metrolinx.
As long as whites behave?
The Express is a UK trash tabloid. And really, going after Hillary for a lack of medical transparancy? When all Trump released is that absurd letter?
You didn't read about the 2 medical agreements, the 15 day waiting period, the written wish? Good luck appealing against those.
financial manager = Harper not tom not justin
The people you know in your hick town are hardly 'general consensus'.
Sort of like Ralph Nadar handing the 2000 U.S. presidential election to George Bush. Now, two unfunded wars and a global economic collapse later.....
Good. Guns should be registered
I say bring it on!! Can you imagine? :) It would make our job of heaving the Cons that much easier!
Scot...you've missed a medication dose today?
Canadians and bordering manners = oxymoron
The number of seats in the House of Commons are distributed according to population. British Columbia already has its fair share.
What makes you think the higher ratings are due to the two tier nature of their system? There is no evidence to support that. Do a little research and think for yourself.
You've had trust in the idea of an energy superpower doing well in the age of climate change ?Why ?
there are many who are not together even in the most utopian fantasy.
source of your claim?
The election hasn't happened yet and there's no end to how many stunts Harper might dream up to tilt the table. Maybe electronic voting will be used for teh first time in 2015 - God help us then!
Its never been to the extreme it is now.
He,s the best friend Wall Street has ever had, he,ll need them in the future since he can, t afford to spend 70 million $ on vacations once he leaves the White House and Al Gore has already cornered the climate guru market.
Do you remember when Canadians were too smart to trust Steve with a majority? Oh, for the good old days.
Yes, and some people take pride in thinking they're clever, but they're really just uneducated racist idiots.
Simpson's hatred of Mr Harper and all things Conservative knows no bounds. Simpson is a bitter, twisted old man and Hack for Liberal propaganda. In future I will just ignore anything he scribbles. He is a disgrace to the journalistic profession.
If you could split that one income, it would help a lot
Mike, I should've stated my intent more clearly: some commenters who believe everyone should have children often post comments that come across in not the most positive light.
And the environment.
What an utterly ridiculous comment, you socialists need to read a book once in a while. Get a grip on reality DSB111. That's pretty sad if that's what you actually believe.
it is the cult of life versus the cult of death
Not cheaper or better in any way.
Jack: As you may not know R2P is justa figment of the imagination of variousEuro-socialists and some deluded peoplelike the authors of this piece. None of the important countries of theworld have ratified this nonsense, norwill they.
Media monkey!
I want illegal immigration curbed. I am far from being anti- immigrant though.
His own party shills him as a youth. A bit hypocritical to cry foul when the same facts are presented as a bane not a boon... Not that it should be surprising to anyone, Libs, Cons, Dips... Harper, Trudeau, etc... all just half truthing politicians.
riser: minus 21 and counting....
A plurality of Americans don't know their history, or much else. A plurality of Americans think that the earth is 6000 years old and that humans co-existed with dinosaurs. Sheesh!
Actually, it's their medieval attitudes towards women that are largely responsible for their poverty and society weakness. How exactly are they going to take over the world without education and money?
Do you talk to people on the telephone? Does it make you uncomfortable to be unable to see the other person's face?
Care to put a number on that minority, comcon ? "we should also encourage our daughters to make wise choices and not end up as single mothers..."? That's going to turn it all around.
So, Justice Moldaver prefers to relinquish the power of passing judgement on any gun crime or misdemeanor to a crown attorney? Bad call, and that's why his is a minority opinion.
I don't think that anyone will prove to be on the right side of this one. Canada should simply stay out of it - no military support, no humanitarian aid.
I also often disagree with Ms. Wente but I always read her and this article was excellent (and gracious, as I sense she didn't vote for Trudeau). Let's enjoy the 'feel good' moments however long they last.
I'm surprised he didn't stop and say " do you know who I am "
What's really sad is that the other mill Hampton Affiliates operates in Burns Lake won the company's internal safety award in 2010 and 2011.
Is it the job of a federal budget to put money in your pocket?
So why are such mentors not available to native students where they are most needed ?!
So he thinks. This is the primary symptom of insanity.
Sorry ZippyBut you know it's true.
Having been hit over the head by the Saudis and the frackers, you now want to finish off the job by separating yourself from eastern equalization payments? Now that truly is masochism. Admirable thinking, DG.
The inconvenient truth is that virtually everything you own is a petroleum product
Great if you can afford it. Doesn't work if you have to claim bankruptcy because you are so far in debt.
Who is national security for? That is, who is it supposed to benefit? If it is supposed to be for the people, then it fails the instant it takes an iota of our freedom.
Ground reporters are understandable, but Mansbridge?
'?the unfair distribution of wealth created by the productivity-median income gap.'Funny about Simpson's apparent squeamishness at naming neoliberalism as the Thatcher/Reagan policy response implicated in the ongoing 'unfair distribution of wealth.'
The solicitors general should have to tell the police that they are supposed to enforce the law. They should know it already.
Spend one day in a classroom, then tell us what you've learned.
Ron Paul just released a list of 'fake news' journalists in the MSM. https://www.rt.com/usa/367557-ron-paul-fake-news/
You can't keep excusing Liberal wrong doing by claiming that someone else did the same or worse. That's the desperate attempt children make when mom catches them.
Given the serious nature of this topic, it would be best not to use childlike terms such as 'friendlies' when reporting on it.
Finally the conservative middle class has been told who to blame: the elites, whoever they are. Easier than figuring our for themselves the true cause of their dissatisfaction.
As is she.
Perhaps on a hot day you might get a little thursty so you crack open a beer. Anothet person might light up a joint. Neither one is crazy they just want to relax.
'Ownership by one group'Back in MY day that was code for believers in the 'Jewish conspiracy'.PM, are you an anti-semite?
Crimea's government applied to Russia for accession. Nobody was taken over, except for the former government in West Ukraine.
Struggle to consult? It is a struggle to communicate with someone that knows no better than show up at the door with their hand out at every available opportunity.
Hi Steve Actually I don't really care about the anthem I am just growing very weary of our "I'm offended" by everything culture. Everything is racist, everything is sexist. All men are bad, all white people are evil. Sick of it.
those Kenyans!!!!! ...per capita metric tons of C02 emmisions stands at .3.....Canada stands at 17.....
don't worry, egdusa. CIA most certainly has Rudd under surveillance for his and his family's extensive connection to China.
Clearly you have no idea.
Yes, it sounds like the LIEberals are all for female sexual enslavement of captured SHIA women and girls by ISIS!!!!! by ISIS
You know, the notion that CC is akin to a religion really is nonsense. Please stop spouting the Fox News sounds bites and think for yourself.
The three stooges have little interest to me, i never watch or listen to them, its all lies of promises never kept, decades of the same have numbed my hope of anything being different and actually benefiting the working person.
That has nothing to do with constitutional law.
Absolutely, I second guess my involvement in this one issue. Most of us do not know what form of government we want in the next election. Its a mixed bag of extremes.
His emphasis was on 'small'. Sorry you missed it.
Margaret, I often disagree with your opinions. On this subject, you are spot on! Thanks.
It is only sound if it is responsible and sustainable. It is neither. Too much too fast simply to get elected.
From Hangdog - you can then find your own riding among the 3 charts. http://www.threehundredeight.com/search?updated-max=2015-05-11T10:15:00-04:00&max-results=3
Ok, denying Harper lied about income trust is just plain Jim Jones talk. Kool-Aid anyone.
Difference is here it's not state organized.
Maybe Justin can grow up to be PM one day...
Actually it was the PC's that set the present immigration policy back in 1990... so yes....it's an honest answer
no, not surprised, the Goebbels Mail didn't fire Maggie for Plagurism, why would they fire Flanahan for supporting Kitty porn enthusiasts?
I don't think 'fiscally conservative' means what you think it means, LOL
The most Liberal among the American's still sit to the right of Canadians. But hey.. Greece is certainly to the left of us.. try to avoid the riots though, don't want anyone getting hurt taking my advice.
The Mayor of Calgary had next to nill political leadership and he looks like the best leader in the country right now. As an Easterner I ask, why can't you offer up the likes of your Calgary mayor to represent the west in Ottawa?
Have you considered finding a less toxic environment in which to work? That's not the Canada I work in.
absolutely. Every one of the Harper CON caucus should be examining their conscience and admitting that not standing up for what is right disqualifies them from representing Canadians.
It was P.E. Trudeau who entrenched hyphenated Canadians into the social fabric. Before that, we were just all Canadians.
We have an evangelical christian who thinks he talks to his god. I think an airhead would be a great improvement.
All aboard the SS Harper!!!
Toronto paper. Nothing more.
The Globe's editorial board continues to do its readers and Canadians in general a grave disservice.
She lied. One can only assume that she never thought she'd be caught. It destroyed her credibility.
Reddit - a bastion of free speech!? Hardly - more like where the mobs go to revel in ignorance and vote nto oblivion any dissenters. It's frightening if one thinks that's any reflection on how the real world should work.
Ah Lars. I've missed your rants and pipeline support. Visit a reserve and walk in those moccasins before you speak.
'Saturn, if you truly believe that, you don't understand the issues in the broader context.'Or the rest of the story, in that the university is the one that stirred it up with its incompetent response.
Trumpitis.
The only reason the merger happened is the Bay street bagmen told Mackay that the money taps were turned off if there was no merger. The PCs don't quite get that they are out of cash. They will figure it out soon enough.
Nope. It's quite clearly an opinion piece from a columnist.
Mary Jane makes a good alternative once one had a few to many beers, lower prices would help lower the consumption, tax the religious houses to offset revenue drops.
They had Mark Carney shilling for them for God's sake. And Carney's head will roll.
Um... Turkey who is Canada's NATO ally, might have a differing opinion on that....
Canada is not a country, Trudeau did an end-run around the provinces. Boy, do you have an 'interesting' perspective on things.
Actually that's not too much to ask for, or too far out of reach.
@Onyxys: Excellent post.
Its still good to elect him though because if he doesn't follow through with his anti-establishment rhetoric, the public are going to be that much more angry the next time around.
You mean like the guy in Vancouver here this week who went toe to toe with three guys threatening to rape a woman on the Skytrain?
Yes it was funny but of course Canadians do not have a sense of humour. No wonder the Quebecois call us square heads.
How is she 'Clinton Foundation funded' exactly or are you simply pulling a Trumpism AKA making it up?
Alceste, I can accept the Globe closing comments on criminal matters presently before the courts (though there is no legal justification for doing so), but if Ibbitson is allowed to offer an opinion on the matter, so should we be.
It was something of a rhetorical question, but I would have been interested if a lurking CPA (as they now seem to prefer to be called, rather than CA or CGA) had an answer.
Babbleon = troll
'While joint international military strikes are likely to take place again, lengthy occupations won?t.'=====Doug Saunders has spoken! What a puffed up goof.
The whole process used to jail, try and convict Khadr was a fraud and a travesty. So much for Yankee 'justice'.
"Conscience should inform one's actions, but that conscience cannot and should not infringe on rights and freedoms of others. " You mean like the freedom to chose not to kill another human being?
Dick, rape is one person's power over another. Dick are you a coward?
There is no excuse for compromising civil liberties, even slightly.
Seriously, Are you going to come to Wente's articles for the next 10 years and make plagiarism jokes? At some point you should add something constructive to the conversation or just stop posting.
The cult of CO2 Climatology. Like Scientology, only more crazy.
If this is so (and I'm guessing you haven't actually done a proper study), where are their parents? My kids will still take an English class and I'm pretty sure I'd notice if they couldn't write a sentence.
It certainly reveals their biases.
The only good news is that the Liberals will be forced to own up to the mess that they have created. There will be no scapegoat like Mike Harris to take the fall for messing up the glorious monster created by previous administrations.
In contrast to Ontariowe's "Green Energy" fiasco !!!
Unless the perp has a knife and is busy defiling a body on a bus... then you stand around for 3 hrs with your thumb up your keester...
Jo, that's not what the evidence states.
Are you so sure that you're sufficiently prepared? Thank goodness you're not a doctor!
You didn't read the full title.
Yes, but they're armed to the teeth.
It would have helped if he had made better choices in the first place.
expat, You are completely irrational. Your USA also has thousands of regulations. Perhaps you'd rather live in Somalia or some other lawless land.
Since when are liberals right wing?
Sober second thinking skills drive Conservatives crazy up the walls. you need accurate and properly done facts and statsand that's just common sense.
Ok, enough already. I was being sarcastic. I'm on your side w/ this. Still a stupid decision though. Far too many variables
Great, then move back to where you tribe comes from, that will be exciting for you.
Go sheeple go!!!
Thumbs up. You can see public 'order' is top of the priority list, a need to make an example of one to control the many.
Rather egotistical for some people to think they are sufficiently intellectual to commit suicide. Got to be fairly stupid to do that.
I'm not Harper apologist, but if you were paying a little bit of attention, you would have noticed what Muslim fundamentalists are doing around the world. I can't blame him for this one.
Cruz really has no chance.
Of course not.
So leave we don t need you!
I agree with Kellie
Hypocrisy? How do you figure?
When I am on the operating table for surgery I do not want 'diversity' but the best doctor on the planet that money can buy !
Thank heavens we have the Vision Council, or the city would continue to be raped by developers.
How are yields doing in Alberta this year? I know Sask has had a terrible year agriculturally, Braddey's in full panic mode.
http://www.therebel.media/don_t_worry_the_globe_mail_columnist_will_let_you_know_when_something_is_racist
Cherryism was a major factor in why I stopped watching in the 80s.
They don't actually think this. It's just that the appeasers and enablers of Israel's far-right can't defend their actions, so they use this Libel to shut down debate instead.
Everyone love the Honey Badger! Except Cobras.
He was judged and found wanting on October 20th, 2015. Hard to see how historians can argue with that fact.
Klein is a socialist.
liberals don't care about life, it is money and power
Only diff is,we pay their way here.
I suspect Flanagan is correct on these calculations. However, Trudeau himself is the wild card. Trudeau built this party ? essentially from the ground up ? and he owes nothing to the Liberal establishment. So, who knows.
Yes, Reagan, the president with Alzheimer's who was run as a frontman by ultrarightwing and corporate interests, did make everything worse.
Of course they would say they loved kids as you were a client.
Then come to Northern Ontario--lots of them up here. Maybe your field of experience is too narrow.
You mean you believe it - you're clearly not thinking.
What about the presstitutes? Lets legalise them too.
Not even close...
Ever notice that nobody ever raises the fact that all liberal governments lie, lie, lie - as everyone just assumes that is the case and has accepted it. Hey check it out: https://www.trudeaumetre.ca/
So JC took down a guy with a gun ? Can you reference that ?
Maybe they're younger than you and take things as they are, not as they were.
You're being taxed not told what to do, so your comment is irrelevant.
How did "welfare states" enter this discussion? Having a little trouble keeping to the point, are we? It couldn't simply be that since you are unable to rebut the original commenter's point, you are trying to change the subject?
There is some truth in what you write, especially in Canada. When I have been told that so-and-so is gay or lesbian, it feels a bit like being told their religion: interesting, I suppose, but completely irrelevant.
Somebody calling themselves 'Local Group' said earlier that "I know a bit about body language and Hillary Clinton's body language showed she was lying." How much more 'evidence' than that do you need?
Can they think? Would rather have that than a spelling bee winner. Spell check works fine but if the brain is not intelligent, creative or analytical.......a good speller will not solve your business problems!
This must be sarcasm. At least I hope it is.
But killing someone is OK?
You need to look at Canadian history before you talk about 'blood-soaked colonialism' under either the British or the French in this country.
You prove my point. I dislike cowards.
I love how Martin wants the contest to be between who Trudeau IS and who Harper WAS (20 years ago).Is Martin really that dumb?
Politeness is too politically correct. Everyone should be blunter and ruder. Wait, that would make us more American!
This Canadian would be delighted with such a scenario!
Hudak isn't the one to do this.
The F-35 has never lost any competition its ever been involved in. Canada remains in the JSF program as well. So we have an airplane that Canada is already involved in that has never lost a competition. Gee whiz, I wonder what will get chosen?
I haven't seen any 'reasonable objections', just hyperbole and pearl-clutching.
Funny how Liberals think that the 39.5% of he electorate that voted for Junior is a Landslide....
Do you dispute the fact that sea surface temperatures have only increased by 0.3 degrees since the early 1940's? If so, please provide a source that proves this to be untrue.
Speak for yourself
TOMy employment deals with these issues. The issues re compliance of US citizens are not new - but this law is. If you think stopping tax havens is a witch hunt. You are so wrong. It is huge. Just not on Canadians radar yet. www.tackletaxhavens.com/
Under the Liberal regime - yes. Plurality, as long as it is singularly liberal.
Don't stand on one foot waiting for these changes to happen. The PM think he did everything right, so why should he change anything, especially by increasing his own accountability?
who's 'culture'? yours? i rather doubt i share it, either. does that mean i go back to the 'old country' of my ancestors of five generations? is that what they are calling the ottawa valley these days?
What a pathetic article .....
Your point? To cowardly to deal with snow? That is why Calgary and Alberta does not call out the army because of a little snow storm. No wonder lefties are not strong enough to live in Alberta.
Well, I managed to hook you into this discussion. Thanks for the snark, tho. Difference between LPC and CPC talking points is the former are truth-based.
Meanwhile our BC parliamentary government only sits for 6 months of the year. https://www.leg.bc.ca/calendar.htm
Who has just run 8 deficits? Cognitive dissonance.
Probably the easiest thing for the government to do would be to stop the practice of using faux private member bills to advance its agenda with minimal scrutiny.
How can you know 'unreported crime?' By definition Isn't that an unknown unknown?
The public sector will not be cost efficient until the welfare state model is rolled back. When will that happen? - a strong leader? or when the country falls apart?
Hmm, let's see. I was going to write a long list, but decided it would be faster to write 'just about everything'. If this is the best you got, you got major problems.
So in other words, it's _almost_ above freezing, in the middle of the Antarctic summer. Oh the horror.
I left Vancouver in 2012, because the place has been turned into a paradise for druggies, panhandlers, and social parasites. Not to mention the fact that the only real industry is laundering money smuggled from China...
And, it certainly would have been a boring evening without her.
Er, that would be peacemaking. Peacekeeping assumes that there is already a peace to keep.
Solving the minds problems with the same mind... how ridiculous!
The Tories have few seats in Scotland because of the disparity in the size of districts. If the districts were redistributed there would be fewer Labour MPs.
Bill Clinton.
No, I am saying PINK people like yourself still think you are better than blacks and other races... your are damn wrong.
Brilliant! Thanks for my morning chuckle.
Frank Magazine's 'Drivel' feature would have had a field-day with this pile of tripe.'Europe and European history are not quite done with us' -- stinko!
The Iggy doth protest his poverty too much, methinks. http://www.celebritiesmoney.com/iggy-pop-net-worth-rock-singer-actor/
He has a home in Georgetown, Quebec.
Are we back to the 'we will have nuclear war (complete with a photo of a mushroom cloud)if your man or woman doesn't win the election. You Lefties have to do better than this.
Classic!!! Yup, those idiots at NASA...
Konrad's delusions of influence with non-conservative voters have hit an all-time high, it seems.
2-3 months in VANCOUVER, where there is practically no winter? I don't even refrain from cycling for that long in Montr?al, and I'm almost 60. Oh dear, there is RAIN... Ever been to Amsterdam?
In the last 2 weeks, some 450 blacks have been killed by blacks killers across America. Why do their lives matter only to white people? Blacks all across the continent only get mad if you mention that factoid.
So what are you saying, Art, that we were right to inter Japanese Canadians in WWII and should now do so with Muslims because Muslims are at war with us? What a ridiculous comment. Study some more history or talk to non-Taliban Afghanis.
Weak counterargument, Hill shills
Would having a card actually make a difference when dealing with someone rude and self-important?
Re: apologise not apologize in a comment of yours below. The correct spelling of apologize is actually apologise in the UK. Canada has Americanized its spelling, as it has done with many of our words. Either is acceptable, as is realise, etc.
Yes, I am calling for IRV, not STV and I would argue the Australian one does work in the sense it eliminates the need for strategic voting and also eliminates vote splitting.
good article... well written...
With an utterly incompetent Tory government and a Foreign Secretary like Johnson what could possibly go wrong?
sad really
Needy is a regular practitioner of the logically fallacy, along with several of his comrades. 'You hate doges, therefore you must be a cat-lover.' is the gist of the non-argument.
SOME?????????????????????
....and Libya too, indeed!
So what? Who was behind getting the ads pulled from Tim's? Of course Tides, an anti oil sands environmental group.
Useful context, well articulated. I second your conclusion.
And harper got exactly what done with the US? Pipelines?
Harper's hair wasn't THAT big.
_steveM : the comment was "not a single one has been arrested for any reason" Please stay focussed.
Cut him some slack: he is living in terror of his future, having spent the last 12 years dealing with these people.
Dopiest comment I see is "The science is settled," typically one of your favourites.
Funny that libs are complaining about the sarcasm in this article then come out in one angry mass and spew out sarcasm of their own directed at the writer who they accuse of being sarcastic. Typical liberal hypocrats.
The plan is to decrease immigration, then the Canadian economy will improve substantially.
And you know it how?
OMG! The sky is falling! The sky is falling! Heaven help us all. A 'dictatorship'? Really?
www. ctvnews.ca/canada/decision-puts-creditors-before-pensioners-when-company-goes-bankrupt-1.1139639
Why did Hudak not win then? Please give your opinion.
Does the fact that Rob Ford vehemently denied allegations that he'd been drunk and abusive at the ACC - denied it for over two weeks - give you any reason to doubt?
Yes I do. My dad was his deputy-leader. Tommy Douglas was as fine a political leader as there has been in Canada. Very few held him in contempt. Even his political enemies in Ottawa.
We have the Green party in the left hand side ditch, the NDP in the left hind side bicycle path, the Libs wandering all over the left side lane and the PC's going down the centre line.
Spin it anyway you want Yakabuski, but on October 20, Harper will still be the Prime Minister and Justin will still be a drama teacher.
they favour choice in general just not the choice to kill unborn babies for any reason with their taxpayer dollars.
total control freak works for certain voters and their con tributors it is time Canada evolved
Exactly. The US passed the Magnitsky Act, and they're at the table. Dion simply caved and cravenly sucked up to Putin. End of story.
Experts wont be coming out of the liberal party for sure.
We can never be 100% safe from terrorism but certainly going over and fighting foreign wars doesn't help. That doesn't mean off course we should be soft on terrorism, but rather we should deal with it smartly.
That would be fine if you go live in cave remote from civilization. We don't care what happens to you or your children personally, but we certainly do care if you pass the disease onto some one who legimately cannot take the vaccine.
Anti-Harper statisticsRemember? with about 40% of the vote going to Alberta NDP this means 60% voted AGAINST The NDP sound familiar ? disgruntled leftists massage Statistics to say the same when HARPER won now it comes back to haunt them
Brilliant comment!
Most 'young people' don't bother to vote and haven't a clue about EU and what it does. They think it's about a song competition.
I suppose the moral of this story is that Conservative rejects are good enough for Liberals.
I think you mean 'epitome' not 'epidemy'
Hey Doug. Did you read the moderated article that the person that led yesterdays massacre in Bangladesh was a 'Canadian'?
Your father was not given a home with free rent or money to purchase furniture and given clothing when you landed on Canadian border, or free language lessons was he?
Do you think?
'fewer obese people dressed in sweatpants.'... including the Mayor
facebookcom/IndependentNationFor300MillionIndiasUntouchables
Who would the Cons replace Harper with? That's the question.
Agreed - the time to celebrate will be when the tar sands have been shut down completely. Some things are more important than dividends to the 1%.
Wow Margaret, I hope you have found a bunker to hide in to protect yourself from the comments section.
We moan and groan when US citizens become involved in our politics but for some reason think it is okay for the likes of Adams to interfere in US politics.
The Queen and the GG have both said they won't deal with this issue as it belongs to Parliament. Run along now
Do you think that Trump would care about Alberta? Luckily, Trump will not be president.
You're on to something. The only thing Harper appears to like about Canada is hockey -- everything else, in his view, is inferior to the Tea Party's sway down south.
Shouldn't this be in the 'Life' section?
Interesting. Three racist statements in just the first sentence. PS The right to an abortion is not enshrined in Canadian law.
Trump's first task should be to provide aid and comfort to the British people who face an oppressive government ignoring their referendum on Brexit.
Excellent advice, Moe. I will follow it unfailingly.
Really, golly gee, what party will the G&M elite back at the next federal election eh ??
Yes, now separatism is a thoughtcrime in Russia.
I say changes can't happen soon enough. Of over 211k employees, the Public Sevice termination rate is 0.06%. The private sector average is 10%.
Oh Scrimbo RMiller has told us that we are shills for Hills so we should just fold our tents, collect our Kruger Rands and fade off to Tahiti or somewhere.
Do you have any idea what welfare rates are like across Canada? You sound like you don't when you say things like that. You gave a nice sounding slogan but at best it is meaningless.
I'm curious to know what you did about it
Utter rubbish. Far from being subsidized, oil and gas is a massive tax cow for all levels of government. Renewable energy is only made possible by the massive subsidies paid for by carbon fuels.
Showing your age there, God.
Umm.... maybe he's not telling the truth?
That person's post doesn't make sense. The LToV is still one of the most critical center points of far-Left theory, for Marxists and libertarian socialists.
Finally, the voice of reason.
'Catholic Schools are protected under the Constitution'An unconstitutional Constitution can be challenged.
Brilliant Freefroggy. Just brilliant. Don't address the issues, never mind the facts, just sneer at Liberals, as though you have a clue about anything. You obviously don't.
I want the Globe and Mail ... but without Walmsley.
Diva, He's usually pretty good at calling it is like it is, but on this one, he's trying to sell us a bill of goods. Hey, she only cheated 23% of the time!
Good for Ms. Wente!! Resurrecting the theory of social policy according to Genes!!'Eugenics,' of course, is what led mid 20th century doctors to sterilize inferiors...
Bloomberg is on the left? You have a weird notion of what it means to be on the left. And Sanders revolution would take the US somewhere to the right of the Liberals, where the CPC runs from.
The key word is 'exchange'. Under NAFTA, ten of thousands of Canadian professionals work in the US, and vice versa. The TFW program does not apply. Don't confuse the audience anymore than they already are
Could you explain your point in a little more detail please
Despite all of that he is still likely a better choice then Hillary.
'Fair is fair.'not really - if you say something is wrong and vow to change it, but until then do it because everyone else is doing it....that's hypocrisy.
your stupidity is typical of left wing ignorance,,, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bi2QKY3zW8Q
Citizenship is your right and your children's. These new laws are illegal, discriminatory, unjustifiable, and indefensible.
Politics is a combat zone... A fascist view of the governmental process.
Are we having a Justie love in?
' In fact, PM Trudeau's leanings toward on the ground training and other more strategic measures will likely be more effective.'Perhaps you should read the WSJ. The US threw 500million to train the rebels, and only 2 graduated.
If there were incontrovertible evidence, we would not have this discussion. Period.
Hei Rifleman dude: the point, I will spell it out for you, is that natural resources are a limited supplies the manufactured good are not!!! Economy 101, you should read it.
Overall this section could just use more reliable sourcing and information.
Mr. Simpson asks: 'Could you imagine the furor if any other community told people they had to leave because of whom they married?'Actually, I can: British Royalty. Which doesn't make it any better.
Just look at the Apostles!
Unbelievable that some folks still support this man. He is a disgrace and something is very wrong that he can't be fired.
This story is not really about left right, its about narcissism.
Glenn Beck on CNN this evening called Hillary Clinton, totally morally corrupt. And he is a Trump hater. LOL
Oh no, this isn't about the kids. This is about the parents fulfilling their responsibility to care for their children themselves.
The author of this piece seeks to gloss over your important points.
Exposed: Hillary Clinton's Sex Scandals -YouTube www. youtube.com/watch?v=ZvxUuAl85ho
H. Gaza is not occupied by Israel. The West Bank (formerly part of Trans-Jordan) is.
good joband while we are it conservatives typically have lower IQs and should not be put in positions of authority
IMMIGRATION on immigration vote Harper or disaster we have seen Harper's stand on 1. terrorism 2. NIQAB in citizenship court 3. pandering to Omar KHADR now vote
What gets censored by the Globe and what doesn't is one of life's great mysteries...
If what you say is true, why are so many liberals upset?
EXACTLY - harper does it and look what we have a - a divided nationits pure self serving pandering right uot out of kenney's bookJustin better talk to her
So there are no atheist conservatives ? Oh my !
Is Trudeau a PM?As of October 2015, yep!
Upon first reading I noticed that while the article is against the bill it does not provide an argument against it.After going through it a second time I pondered over Mulcair's son being a police officer. Good for him.
Sten, I forgot to mention that George Washington didn't declare himself 'President for life.'
Sounds like you are the one who lives in fear - "be nice or they'll blow us up!"
Couldn't have said it better myself. On the bright side, most of Harper's Crips and Marois' Bloods will be looking for work in a new field after the next election. We are being governed by gangs of thugs, mentally challenged thugs.
You should focus on where Trump's positions on matters are incorrect or ill-informed - this is just name calling.
As soon as it is legal they will smoke when, where they feel like it........you watch.
Oh so Harper won the entire election on Robo Calls did he? lol
It would be best if we could all have faith in the staggering power, beauty and bounty of this planet and draw our energy from the human spirit. This is all we have and it's all that we need.
Excellent take on the situation. The idea that Trump iz going to magically change the terms of trade iz ridiculous.
probably below the belt
When I lived in the UK I had never heard of flossing. My gums were sore and bled. I assumed that was normal. I floss twice a day now. Not a spot of blood. My gums are firm and pink. Of course flossing works!
Dedicated individuals - LOL. Party hacks, working toward their personal pay-offs - period.
Liberal arrogance, nothing more, nothing less
Interest rates are not important if one has a surplus.
Sorry. Not buying it. She's a Harperite.
Poilievre: the guy with a full pension (and he's not yet 40 !) who likes to slam public servants for not working hard enough.
It's not about what job pays in salary, but what it pays in terms of self-dealing benefits and power that are worth much, much more.
A thousand pink slips, maybe.
Perpetuating the status-quo isn't the answer, either.
Don't ask hard questions. People will denounce you as 'politically correct'. (mind you, The British Empire also brought a fair bit of good with it, but your point has some sense to it.)
Check to see where the fuel taxes go. I think it is unlikely that the money went into a dedicated transportation fund. More likely it went into general revenue - just like the 'health premium' in Ontario and proposed in Alberta.
Cheap insults show the weakness of your argument.
Soundoff, this is human created issue and maybe mother nature is doing what it needs to treat the disease.
Irving Gerstein. Nathan Jacobson. Bruce Carson.
When did the Globe finally, finally ... grow a pair - high time.
Sorry about the state of your mental health. 10 times - really?
Drive around Toronto for a while and you will see that the politeness of Canadians is a myth. You will see lots of grit though
Which union are you with?
Even the most fervent Liberal supporter knows Trudeau's love affair with the Canadian public will come to an end then the hard work of re-election will begin.
We should make it wide enough for a path on top for walking and cycling. We could cycle and walk from sea to sea and not encounter any motorized traffic. Great lakes may pose a problem, but we Canadians can probably solve that.
Alceste, the point is that we should not be having judges that carry an agenda that affects their decisions.
The situation must be horrible to the extreme when even this newspaper sees it for what it is.
interesting post. Are he and Martin related?
Thor, That's the 'centrist' G & M for you. They throw a few leftwing talking points to the liberals but always walk the walk of the rightwing conservative American war nuts.
nonsense ..... unless you live in a convent
Their entire regular writing staff is of the left except for Peggy Wente who is a centrist. Just spend a few hours reading the drivel from Larry Martin and Homer Simpson.
Saudi rulers marched in this charade. The next day they publicly flogged a blogger for 'insulting Islam'.Hypocritical Harper would not have damaged relations with hypocrites in Saudi by marching.
Does China think it is ready to repeat Korea? If it wants to be respected it should start acting like a civilized country.
You totally missed the part about standard of living being about more than just what cash you have in your pocket didn't you?
protect our race? LOL
'Serious economist'. Is that sort of like 'military intelligence '?
The Liberal GTA priestess speaks. Ever lived in Jane-Finch ? No, I didn't think so.
These finer points are lost on the writer.
Richard, methinks you should have been a lawyer instead of a newspaper man.
Cnpp - read the article again without bias.
What degree do you hold, what degree does he have?
We know. The best thing about being rich is you no longer care what "the little people" think.
I still give you a thumbs up despite being dubious of the ndp... either too many lightweights in the provincial party or the old party rags that shoulda been tossed out years ago.
You Harper hating basket cases are so desperate. Can't wait to see you guys split the vote and lose again in October.
Pampering? Maybe where you come from but here in Calgary there is nary a good word to be had about Trudeau and the Liberals in any media outlet.
Highly toxic bitumen? You drive on it every day, Einstein...
'Inequality is baked into the cake'.The disadvantage in the upbringing of children is part of the reasons of the decrease in social mobility, the destruction of the so called 'American Dream'.
SHAME Canada! Disgusting! Meanwhile, Trudeau was busy with photo-ops with nice-looking, cozy families!
I wonder what label Sophie will be wearing. Do you think Justin will be high?
Are you sure that was a kitten and not Renata?
who ever is at fault, is is not for the west to save the situation. Let these people find thier own destiny.
not sure Australia has much to teach Canada about multiculturalism policy.
He can live here, he just has to take off his religious garb if he wants to be a police man, or get a drivers licence.
So what can we take from this article? Perhaps nothing.
I think the G&M gets these 'articles' for free - and the authors thereby obtain a soap box for their pet diatribes, mostly uninformed !
Agree. Completely flawed logic in this editorial. Should be rewritten.
Good one Margaret. It is nice to read some common sense these days.
Hi Richard, I'm no great of ethanol. Have you ever heard me talking about it? Nope. Good point about the food / fuel imbalance, though.
As against Ford who can't get anything done at city hall anymore and is left with hijacking flag discussions in order to look like he's doing anything.
The reaction would have been exactly the same. I guess you must have missed the saturation coverage the press gave this incident. You should seek therapy for your paranoia.
It is not worth it. We should just send money over there to buy more tents and food. Keep the problems out of Canada.
When your in a hole it's a good idea to stop digging.................
Germany's Merkel calls multiculturalism a 'lie', tells newcomers to 'obey our values'when will Canada have the guts to say the same
Most catholics don't see it that way.
this article brought out the mobjust a case of HARPERPHOBIAa phobia related toHOMOPHOBIAISLAMOPHOBIA
So you see the amount of money the liberals have wasted over 12-13 years and you will still vote liberal?
John, Comments here are sounding like the flip side of the same old ugly penny with a conservalib on one side and a libercon on the other. Heads the corporations win - tails the people lose.
you likely 'hear' voices when you're alone, too. there's a name for that.
Of course. I always try to respect local customs. I've covered my head at Jewish sites, my legs at Buddhist shrines, and removed my shoes at Hindu temples. I'm a man by the way.
The NDP are pulling the same stunt as Labour in the UK. Go left, waayyy left. See you in oblivion.
Ridiculous. You cannot study at TWU unless you sign onto the covenant. That is the very definition of coercive. Maybe you need to get hold of a dictionary.
'valigal' must be 'Mr. Bodaydohead's' wife.
You're an idiot.
Thought so too, Steve.
Who knew Tim Horton's was such a pathetically weak organization completely out of touch with its customers? Some wing nut enviro group in the U.S can dictate terms to them? What a joke.
If you are a scientist without a problem to solve, first invent a problem...
gasoline price fixing, no way. you must also believe in UFO s and sasquatch
SirenThat nation of 'compassion, freedom and proven courage' did nothing when our troops were ordered to invade an innocent country which had not threatened anyone. SHAME. At best Canada is an unthinking country.
Hahaha and you buy that crap? The list of leaders that can make the kind of changes you suggest is non-existent. Whether is was Kennedy, PET or Obama, charismatic leaders have never lived up to their expectations. Prepare to be disappointed.
really.....? thats too bad because - do yo know what we would have told you? \ "Don't go $300 BILLION$$ into debt" would have save you a whole lot of embarrassment
Jean-Luc Brassard has been named to lead Canadian athletes at Rio games. I wonder what Lysiane Gagnon will find to discredit him!
Canada's system is based on a long history - refined over the centuries through a long series of democratic actions. It is ours. The iCC is new - a process built by unelected bureaucrats beholden to no-one.So what's your pick?
Which one is Chinas dancing bear?
"rancour"? Seriously?
and you would prefer seeing them die in the streets? or die of hypothermia or drug overdose as long as you don't have to see it? where is your compassion?
How is it ironic that he died? It was entirely expected that he would die one day.
Rotherham. Try google. And then tell us who is enlightened and who are the primitives.
Mike Harris had the right ideas in a number of areas. The people of Ontario didn't have the stomach to complete the job and we pay for it now.
Hear Americans Nuland and Pyatt plan the coup: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lh-CAFepNE8
JDart-- GC certainly has a better grasp of the situation than you and may well have lived there.
The possibility is still very real, nosense.'NEVER underestimate the power of human stupidity.' -Robt. A. Heinlein
No, I'm talking about misleading propaganda like this article.
The glaring limitations of the Toronto mindset are well demonstrated in this comment.
Thank you for the update. I see it every month on my Fortis gas bill.
Stop blowing stuff up then this will no longer be a problem.
Really useful comment.
www. greennh3.com... zero carbon fuel at half cost... proven to work... but government stalling
The outcome of the 'University for All' propaganda !
dolierHow does an unvaccinated child put anyone in danger?
http://www.scientificamerican.com/article/samso-attempts-100-percent-renewable-power/Not much nuclear needed there.
@George.Victor. ? ?toute connaissance que tu recherches pour ?tre pr?t ? mieux servir l?ennoblissement de l?Homme et l??volution de l?Univers, te porte un pas en avant? ? R.S., Berlin, 1904
Good point--why should the Feds have to pay for everything--the bridge is in the province of Quebec afterall.
I question your objectivity and your judgment as your history clearly indicates blind partisanship.
'Teach everyone to fish and watch global fish stocks collapse.'
And science has proven very little on the subject. Most is conjecture.
Blow up dolls can't climb ladders.
Always puddles in February here in BC's south west corner - and in the Province's capital as well. Doesn't mean 'we all lose' or we are any less Canadian.
'Ed should be heading up the City Hall bureau for one of the majors.'Why not just let John Barber out of purgatory?
The best and most honest thing Mulcair can do is RESIGN !! His actions have almost destroyed the party
Great to live in Ottawa it is only a 9 minute drive to Quebec to land of cheap beer , and the best part is it is imported beer and Kathleen Wynne can't tax me .
I did like the CONS fiscal policy, however lately all the secrecy, lies about F35, and spending tax money on commercials and billboards makes me really leery about them again. I voted for transparency and accountability, I have seen little of both.
Why do you think they are their first??? They aren't busy like the ambulance and police.
He might be lucky enough to find a room in a smelly, damp basement for 900-1200 dollars per month.
No one has the right to force another person to kill. End of story.
TiuLeek I don't have to. Four full-time jobs paying more than the national average. Maybe it's time for you to supplement that sociology degree with something useful.
If all you crave in a woman is a wet t-shirt or a bikini then you are a pig....sigh...hey buddy my eyes are up here...
"you have lost the fight on climate change,' Good grief , what a ridiculous statement , maybe you could read up on some natural history , maybe start with the Holocene , and that's only the last 11,000 years
Excuse me, but I gotta throw up.Meanwhile, in other news, 3 precedes 4.
Yes, we need boots on the ground.
The option is to ignore reality. Also, marriage is no danger from prostitution. Marriage is so much cheaper.
I am proud of my Prime Minister. Wished he did not cave in to all the criticism and attended the funeral. This man carried his father (and our Prime Minister) on his last journey; he deserves a final token of respect from us.
Progressive, there is no way in hll you are NDP! Unless it stands for No Democratic Principles.
Fascinating video talk by Frans de Waal on moral behaviour in animals: http://www.ted.com/talks/frans_de_waal_do_animals_have_morals?language=en
Nice propaganda post yourself Justin. Talk about far fetched.....take off the tinfoil hat truthbender (perfect handle)
Time will tell which ones were appointed by merit, and which ones were appointed by quota. And also which ones were passed over due to said quota.
Excellent commentary, Mr. Wagamese. You certainly tell it like it is.
Okay, how about toilet paper? Pretty essential stuff that everybody uses every day. Why is it taxed?
If you play to the worst in people you become the worst of people.
You mean like yourself.
Well said. 100% in agreement.
. Here's a 'FACT' for you, Barry .......https://youtu.be/dW3HkNPdf1k.
and another idiot who thinks obama would of approve any of those with justin when he kills them for internal usa politics,,
Then vote for Harper. Wait, you already did!
Let's take this question back a step. Why do you believe it's okay to enslave anyone?
@scottishnomand,Yeah, but when the chips were down, and political infighting was at its worst, Ford delivered the Hero franchise to City Hall! IN YOUR FACE FORD HATERS!
And as they should be.
Forgot, Mr Suzuki prefers to be known as St. David.
Crow, you might want to change yours...
Health Care is a Provincial responsibility and Paul Martin found out the hard way thatgiving the Provinces more money for Health Care accomplished nothing except higher salaries.
When George can't refute a point he starts to name call. Last resort.
When citizens can attend political rallies that are subsidized by all Canadian taxpayers. These Cons will be reimbursed for a lot of this government money.
Glad you understand that ethnic cleansing is a no-no. You might want to tell the Russians in Crimea that removing the indigenous Tatar community from Crimea is an act of ethnic cleansing.
Good post! I agree with you. The Ontario Liberals need to go.
It's called poking the bear. It may be legal but it's not very smart.
@tempsperdue If I were you, I'd put down the thesaurus and pick up a dictionary. It would make understanding language so much easier.
You really need to read some of the stats, the US homicide rate has been dropping for years, so how is it imploding?
Prog111: I guess you don't know what the musical "Hamilton" is about. It's an American tragedy.
Including Canada it seems
Columbiaboy, as I recall several BC Liberal politictians have been investigated for fraud and corruption recently.
Nonsense. There are not nearly enough jobs and opportunities for graduating students today, and this will only worsen in the future.
She endangers people and then others feel sorry for her?!?!
I wondered if it was the same person. If so he is beneath contempt.
Judging by the downvotes, it appears you have struck a nerve....
Best post of the day!
Thank you Bob! Wonderful essay, it's refreshing to read a common sense essay about the the present political scene.
If Hillary wins it will be front page news. If Trump wins it will be on page 4.
Wrong again Ericka.
Actually prayer before all of those activities you mentioned and many more is the way we should conduct our lives. What Prayer can do is open your perspective and it helps you see solutions that might not have been considered other wise
Typical nonsense. The BC government holds all of the cards, period
Rob grew up in the 80's drug culture of rich kids. He is more of a rock star than a politician.
CBC left boring, mainstream Canada behind years ago for an edgier, urban hipster vibe so of course they end up with a sexual adventurer who goes beyond the boundaries. As for his talent, those prone to fawning love the guy.
About time!
Art
Gawker still has not produced the video. either put up or shut up
There is no evidence he was recruited by ISIS. It seems he was a lone operator who pledged allegiance to the group.
20% overhead? Where do you teach!? It's 35% where I teach, and 50%+ at some American schools I know.
Israel, and those that support it, pretend to hold higher standards.
The RCMP killed a 100% white Christian Polish innocent man. Race has nothing to do with this one. I
Now that the Sun and the Star have closed down their comments, and the Nat Post is trying to make their's less anonymous, I too fear there will be more posting here with little critical thinking to back it up. Oh well.
Some times incoherence is a good thing, particularly when Harpocons are in power.
And Harper wouldn't be there if BIG OIL didn't put him there.
Thanks - I particularly appreciate the association with those other sites.
Leave Quebec alone! You've got planty of problems to take care of in the ROC. Please focus on them first.
and i care what you think?
Richard, so go back to China seeing as you are so enamored of it.
Right now the best reason we can come up with, to separate, is having Harper and his goons as government of our country !
They are already in bed - it's called the military/industrial complex ....
The death of the two soldiers was a tragedy. However, our homicide rates are at 40 year lows so why are we losing our civil rights for our safety.
Bob from Calgary, it warms my heart to read such intelligent commentary. 2016 is starting on the right foot.....
That you have full-blown Harper Derangement Syndrome (HDS) is clear, but who is the alternative? Boy Trudeau, the former part-time drama teacher, or closet-separatist Mulcair?
No point in asking for that in Wente's case. Tabloid headlines is her job.
' One of the best ways to defeat ISIS is to refuse to let them divide us - remember, they want a religious war.'or in other words;'The best way to defeat ISIS is to let them win.'
neat neat NEAT.
As it is now many parents in canada will say you marry one of us or we will disown you as our child. The parents should face prosecution and the children would go to live in the community.
'Yeah, so what? Capitalism. Better educated, smarter people live better. Simple.'-----------------------That wasn't the talk track when women were underrepresented in higher education.
No woder you are going wrong direction. Unable to distinglish false ane true. What a pity on you.
Jimmy: Good luck on your etiquette consulting firm for politicians!
simply read the apostrophe as a contraction of 'cover is'..the final 'is' in the title makes this clear
Maybe we should force all muslaims to year an identifier, maybe a nice yellow crescent on their breast?
le bon Jack would not approve of the Leap Manifesto Jack moved the NDP to the centre left
Brava!! And I know you will vote my comment down for saying that. But I'm inspired to comment anyway by the bravery of Hillary and Marie.
Good point, bolltie! LOL
Yep. Exactly.
You don't draw the line. Anyone who calls themselves a reporter IS a reporter.
aboriginals do not understand that the crown means the canadian government. they think the crown means the queen. confusing ? you bet. Thats because monarchy is a lie. Lies are always confusing.
difficult because there is no Party politics - officially but the weasel like NDP type of councillors hold a monthly "caucus" meeting 15 of them out of 44 this violates the spirit of Council
So the first thing these guys want to do is nullify or reverse these Brexit results. I guess democracy is all well and good until the peons wander off the reservation.
The main problem is that the logo's ugly. I like most of these better: www. the150logo.ca
Actually the beer store doesn't have a monopoly. You can buy beer at the LCBO or you can even buy it direct from your local craft brewery. That being said, the Beer Store is an anachronism that needs to end.
You and harper really need to get out more and pull your heads out of the sand.
Most successful? I disagree. I would not consider someone that has destroyed Canada successful. I have nothing but disgust for this person.
Notley is going to govern from the CENTRE like a LIBERAL this is an NDP win only in name
'White privilege' none of our liberal elite friends are screaming, and only because the trespasser was allegedly Trudeau's non-knife-stealing neighbour (although we'll never know for certain it seems, with everyone so cagey about his identity).
The Globe's censorship is racist.
'The killers of Paris rejected that view. That makes them not just criminals but, far more seriously, traitors to the society that housed them.'Well said. I subscribe to the author's point of view wholeheartedly.
You're the confused individual. If you doubt me, then just google clinical trials homeopathy.
...so true Walrus ..but whats handing over men, women & children over to be tortured compared to the horrendous act of blazing a doobie
Hillary and Bill Clinton: Wanna-be ILLUMINATI. Donald Trump: The face of America, warts and all.
All of SE Asia has yet to rise... exception might be Malaysia... Egypt alone grew by 1,000,000 people lasy year!!!!...we will run out of resources in 100 years, but prices will continue to rise...
Perhaps Ottawa. Certainly not any other region in Canada.
You don't think that the attack on the New Democrats led to some revulsion and reaction among the social democrats that had gone over to federalism and the NDP in 2011 had anything to do with that ?
Are you sure .-)
Ontario Liberals make this look like chump-change. OLG fiasco will be bigger than this, not to mention cancelled power plants.
Notice how the 'This is our land! Back off government!' crowd (when it comes to dumping contaminants into creekbeds) suddenly want to dictate the uses to which their neighbours can put their lands?
Trump is doing one heck of a job destroying the Republican party
The issue has come up in Quebec too. One young ultra-Orthodox man is suing the government for not having ensured he got a decent education. Governments have t keep a close watch on these reiigious schools.
Turks would be insulted, that's a large voter base there.
YOu probably moved to a smaller community because you found it cheaper there to live and have two good legs.
You are a guilt laden Liberal... minus the cash.
Why the Liberals struck a chord with voters ===========================BECAUSE they are ,more progressive, more humane, not racists and better managers of our economy. ANY OTHER QUESTIONS? LOL!
White supremacist.
... and taking from taxpayers
How would you know?
Didn't Trump publicly ask for Russia's help to find Clinton's missing emails? Russia is Trump's friend.
Well let him bunk in at your house.
dream on...the economy is based on oil... Ontario and Quebec have a varied economy... and now with the low Cdn dollar and low oil price...
It seems there are some of us who see the Ford Fantasy for what it is, we need to come out en masse next election and end this farce once and for all.
Oil is going to be used as a fuel for a long time. And anyone who denies that is dreaming.
Providing it qualifies for an argument.
Leona Aglukkaq moved from Health to Environment.
Ben Rhodes, Obama's principle foreign policy advisor, admitted in a New York Times Magazine profile that Obama and Hillary ran extensive propaganda campaigns with allies in the media to shape public opinion, even regularly using untruths.
Trudeau is doing just fine... thank you! Harper's popularity is melting....and that's a good thing! P.S. Finally an honest politician?
You don't think Westerners feel under attack from the Arab world? Pick up any newspaper in the West. Christians in Nigeria threaten Muslims? I don't think so.
This applies to anyone on the extreme (left or right).
Mike Duffy has a big opinion of himself and seems to think other Canadians think the same. You're an arrogant sack o' crap Mike, an unapologetic two-bit fraud! PEI's welcome to you!
Your "quotes" are from Electronic Intifada sites. Really?
Im willing to bet that they're over ecological footprint is smaller than the average person.
Intolerance has always been a vice of the leftbehind their shield called 'progressive'.
what are those 'other benefits and risks'? If you read the article you will also see that increased consumption of bottled water is associated with increased cavities (and bottled water is available in both cities).
My wife has read two of her novels and she describes Elena Ferrante as a writer of psychological, but colourful stories.
If only it were true. I think we have gone beyond just a tax now. We need world wars effort n expenditure now. And look what's happening in BC, we are relinquishing our mild carbon tax to one of intensity. A huge step back.
It is their decision to remain where they are - thus responsibility for the implied costs.
'graciousness of Kadhr.'Had to suppress an automatic gag reflex similar to the one gets upon smelling rotting garbage. In this case it was written....
Harper will win the next election because the Liberals and NDP are unwilling to band together to ensure the defeat of the dictator.
For BruceCounty1: http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-08-11/cnn-admits-we-couldnt-help-hillary-any-more-we-have
nope Christy Clark and the BC Libs are easily far far more corrupt
an expected reply from one of the unwashed supporters of prime minister Kardashian no doubt youre out of bed a little early today non? its not yet noon in T O
We have Ford Nation in Toronto, conservatives are not noted for their brainpower.
Right you are - Flanagan has always been about manipulation and arrogance
Have to laugh at the son of a Prime Minister who is made Prime Minister claiming to speak for a 'fair shot'. What a joke Trudeau and the Liberals are.
What is a balanced budget ?
Want to change the SenateChange heir compensation. The provinces don't control thatHopefully Parliament does. Make it a buck a year, no travel allowance and you'll see how fast the place empties out.
Oh and Texan whilst you defend your fellow Liberal :K Wright 6:54 PM on May 2, 2013This comment is hidden because you have chosen to ignore K Wright. Show DetailsHide Details A conservative fascist speaks!
How anyone can equate Castro with Rosa Parks is utterly beyond my comprehension.
Thanks Mickey. I am glad I screwed up by leaving Korea out. Good exchange. I converted to Aeronautical Engineering and continued flying where a/c were available - 'In case the balloon goes up'. Retired in '76. Hope we meet again.
Hear, hear!!!
In 20 years we can all end our comments, if comments still exist that is, with 'Allah is watching'. Cool, huh?
Quebec & Manitoba have the most affordable electricity rates in Canada. Hey Kathleen, what are you doing wrong.
Ford is a belligerent, giant toddler. He isn't and never was fit for any public office. Anyone who still supports him is just like him. He is unsupportable by anyone with two brain cells to rub together.
Emirtes Pilot: Are you serious
'There is precious little historical evidence for the actual existence of Jesus.' Ever read 'The Case for Christ' by Lee Strobel ? You need to. You'd rethink it.
Should be billion not million, apologies.
You do know that there are no Coptic Christians in Syria, right? How is your suggestion going to help Syrians?
Even the Chinese woman at the consulate here in Vancouver declared Canadians were stupid.
That is very Liberal
Cabo's post should be required reading for all.
Do you hold the same position in regard to drugs, alcohol, tobacco, firearms, etc??? Should Sesame Street start running commercials for the NRA?
'does (sic) even his most fervent, uncritical admirers believe for a second' ... maybe it/they/he/them/she do.
stephen harper and team Tubby just added another mountainous $160 BILLION debt on the next generation............
No it was just you Bug.
How much did he pay for your silence?
i enjoyed that... thank you
'the same thing happened in the U.S....'Ace example of what my English friends call 'whatabouttery'.
Shows you how stupid the administration at York are.
Stay baked... stay backed....who's stoned at the keyboard Justin?
Harperisms: Scare, Confuse, Muzzle then push for a Rush to judgement.
If your purchased in 1989 it took at least 10 years to come out even. Actually, the only purchases that really matter are your first and last. The ones in between take place in the same market, so are a wash. Yes, there are exceptions.
That's a huge assumption that does little but fan the flames of racism a little more.
howler's salary comes straight from our federal taxes.
Say it with me kiddies. The Left has no monopoly on women or feminism. Just because you vote liberal or NDP does not make you a friend of women.
Here you go 'areukiddingme'. Don't choke on it when you try to swallow. http://www.huffingtonpost.com/omar-alnatour/muslims-are-not-terrorist_b_8718000.html
If we bring in Christians and Yazidis, we will be accused of islamophobia.
'The centre cannot hold' alludes to Christianity not to the political centre. Yeats is prophesying the end of Christianity and the emergence of a dark era of extreme violence.
You have no idea about the laws of war. Khadr and al-Quaeda were not combatants under Geneva convention. Classifying Khadr actions as murder is right.
I guess Ms. Wente is no longer Vente. Oh well. I am three scores and seven.
Right on. You have stated the truth in a nutshell.
And Harper believes he should be re-elected to continue this nasty cycle. Unbelievable.
I have to agree. And worse than that, they provide a platform for people with an axe to grind to make unsubstantiated complaints, which seemingly are given credibility by the media publishing them without looking into them.
Might as well just photocopy graduation certificates - everybody passes -skip grades 9-12 and just hand them a nice color Xerox of a fancy 'certificate of authenticity', signed by the minister of education !
Makes The National nightly.
Think if Justin trudeau was PM he would make the rounds of all the Arab states ring kissing.
Old agricultural rule. If you can't feed it don't breed it. Humans should take it to heart
Election fraud by Harper in all three elections..... even the up coming election with his (un) fair election act. who in their right mind with stand beside or rather behind this man
Very insightful response. Thank you for adding to the discussion.
More like an empty Congress full of cowardly obstructionist tea party losers.
The leader of the Liberal Party likens the Canadian military to a male appendage and the Globe's Starbucks Socialists applaud. Trudeau is not a serious person. The LPC is a charade.
Any objective person would agree that we'd be far better off banning booze from a health perspective.
Quite true.
just how does listing the already hit targets sink ships ??
What about politicians that lie Mole and say they will not raise your taxes and then do???? Did you ever think of that?
In Kybo Texas maybe.
I bet you the Ketchup plant shut-down was a result of McDonald's finding a new supplier for their ketchup.
Yeah, Obama did a decent job for ONE term. But who is the better judge, Dave? You or the American electorate?
So next election, demand real answers from our politicians on competitiveness and growth. Demand someone runs who actually knows something about this stuff.
The TFW program is run by the feds not the province.
"government loving". Wow, is that the best insult you can attempt? Can you name a single country that operates without a government? Maybe you'd prefer a theocracy? Yeah, we left-wing snobs do love democracy. Live with it.
Yes, Ekk Amai!
The SIS report merely covers the period between 2005 and 2009. There are inconsistencies throughout the document. It needed another review by someone outside of the NWAC, IMO.
He's definitely pulling his actions from his Republican mentor's bag of tricks.
Different issue, tip2. I said you "can" stand up for the right to say something offensive even though you wouldn't say it yourself - not that you have to defend the right to say everything.
My apologies. I misread your posting.
A marvelously revealing sequence, plefebvre, I'll have to remember it. And in the spirit of 'blooming pity,' chin up, old chap, better times ahead.
You know it really does get rather tiring when in the States it is always the race card for the blacks . Up here in Canada is always the race card with the Aboriginals. Seriously this is getting to be so damn sickening.
Did you not read the part where he said these general principles do not necessarily determine the conclusions reached in this, specific case? Evidently not
What about 'Freedom of the press.' Don't be so close-minded. Listen to others.
Got any evidence to back up you claims besides political rhetoric?
Definitely gonna have to place the blame on King this time.
And four shills so far have registered their empty objection to your stating this fact.
Yeah, isn't it incredable! I looked on Chretien as an utter dimwit... how time changes...
I don't subscribe to the conspiracy view (like you do) on this, but I believe it is about a misguided view that central planning works best. This article is bang on.
"That program needs to end immediately." I'd say end the National Red Seal certification program first so plumbers and electrician from Ontario can work in Alberta.
A cursory understanding of politics you say? You mean like the G&M endorsement?
The Publisher at the Globe is named Philip Crawley.
...you forgot about the Liberals' ORNGE debacle currently headed to court which cost Ontario tax payers millions...
Where is trump's money coming from? Hint: "Thank you, comrade"
Get the right team behind you, the answer is, Yeah, you can. "teamwork": it'll be nice to have a country governed by that again.
jrr3. Deflection.
Harper is the guy who hides in a closet.
CoalMineCanary12: If Sir John A. could see the destruction Harper has been wreaking on Canadian parliamentary democracy, he'd be weeping in his grave.
Your rejoinder is a complete non sequitur. Not worth responding to.
Canadian think tank under fire for accepting donations from arms makerhttp://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/politics/think-tank-under-fire-for-accepting-donations-from-arms-maker/article31086389/
Spitting on streets is disgusting and a health hazard. I'd love to see people fined for it.
Yawn... you sound like Justine Trudeau
Why are you so interested in peoples' names?
I think Mr. Harper is really over the hill and not quite ready anymore.
Yes, if you criticize a politician in any way, you must feel threatened by that politician. There's really no such thing as legitimate criticism of a politician. At least a Liberal one.
A man who is highly trained, educated and experienced who has worked extensively in the field he speaks on and you will so readily dismiss his legitimate concerns? Speaking of stuffy blowhards...
Trudeau is digging his own grave and he should have known better. If he is hoping that Canadians will vote for his party as an alternative to the Conservatives, accepting Ms. Adams into the fold won't get him any votes.
good point, skyofblueblame the progressives of the left
Another 1st World problem. Surely Julie you can find something more meaningful to complain about.
Yeah - that kind of meekness makes those Globe stories about his 1980s occupation hard to believe, doesn't it?
Sorry Maxim I missed that, could you repeat it ... againand againand again .....
you cant have a rational discussion with left wingers,, these are not your granddads, democrates or liberals from before trudeau sr, those who understood economics and hard work
Doesn't Harper say that to everyone?
To the author. Nice Beard. Still own a Camaro?
I much prefer the good old fashioned theft of the liberals - adscam -cough,cough.
'Trust me. This won?t be pretty.' but it will be interesting
Led by jackbooted academics.
Excellent rant - probably flew far above the IQ of the Dalhousie 'Gentlemen' ....
But you are okay with the Justin Trudeau love fests for a candidate who stands for nothing?
' ..Force the Canadian electorate to pay attention and think for once before electing a Politician..'The novelty of that happening would be wonderful .-)
The mere fact that Mr. Kara-Murza claims that he was poisoned suggest that he is trying to ride the anti-Russia/anti-Putin hysertia to promote himself.. Mr. Kara-Murza is an opportunist and I hope that the Canadian Parliament throws him out.
Blaming the victim? Nice.
How about they stand up straight , get off their knees + stop kissing a** ?????That might help + start remembering who elected them + to whom they r truly responsible !!! J-DS
Lattes and Danish. The USA will protect us.
Why do you suppose the media runs these articles? Could they be true? Yet you seem to think the G&M is right wing when it continuously runs antiConservative articles. yet you have no issue with this?
Ives, they met recently, start following the news
Regardless of the past, and as a practical person, highway blockage prevents the very people who pay for Native benefits, from getting to their jobs, otherwise no money for anyone.
There's also something different about North American society, family and entertainment today compared to the last century. Some teens in Nova Scotia see sexting as normal. Really?
Calling them used car salesmen is an insult to used car salesmen everywhere!
Uttertrash, so now it takes balls to shove a woman out of your way?
There is a reason children get extra protection from the state. It is highly unlikely that she can assess the real meaning behind her decisions. She certainly does not know the efficacy of her treatment choice.
Reads like a high school essay by someone who wants to look objective and cool at the same time. B+.
Stephen E Koonin, MIT physicist, also a former chief scientist for BP. The WSJ? Also known to have an oil industry climate denying bias. I'll stick with the IPCC scientific consensus as opposed to the views of Stephen E Koonin.
Hey, I think we should all vote for the NDP and, when anointed, they could develop policies whereby half the existing sports teams should be manned (bad word) by females! Silly? Yes. But, hey, you started it
What's stupid is politicizing this, dumaz.
She's less funny than Seth MacFarelane. If she weren't billed as a 'comedienne' one wouldn't know what her job classification is.
I have actually found the G&M coverage to be decidely pro-Clinton. http://www.dailykos.com/story/2016/2/22/1489185/-The-Definitive-Encyclopedic-Case-For-Why-Hillary-Clinton-is-the-Wrong-Choice
So the ancient Greeks were wrong about this?
obviously to prevent you cowboys from further destruction of the environment... for short term gain... " The other problem with shale you've never heard is that shale wells are al at stripper phase ( dead and needing capping) after 6 years"...
Trudeau. Charter without a penalty. Appearance before the committee by invitation only.
And what of the poor asexual and nonsexual persons? What will be done for nem?
agreed - but the GAM simply wants you to read the titillating Anti-Harper headline - not a credible and useful piece of journalism. The media has hijacked this election and now simply feeds into the left wing radical stream of detritus
Except that Sanders has been saying the same things - and things that take a lot longer than two seconds to say - for about the last 50 years. Trump changes his positions more often than most people change their socks.
Then why don't you subscribe to a Sun Media publication instead. On a per capita basis which is how we are judged by other nations Canada remains one of the top emitters of CO2.
Why am I not shocked that your comment was voted down after reading all the prejudice comments on here.
DG. Is that the same government that resisted Liberal and NDP demands to spend much more???
Would those member states be the usual suspects from dictatorial Arab regimes ?
They were too busy dealing with the anti-vaxxers last month.
That someone with the grade school handle 'studly' finds something good for a laugh, is in itself always good for a laugh.
He was a right-wing ideologue who was very skilled in using rationalizations to back up his views.
Unlike Harpocrits he didn't take the money. Now crawl back into your box.
And how about that 'Stepford Wife'?
'CIDA has long been a dysfunctional agency.'----------Everything done by government is dysfunctional. How else do you tax so much, spend so much, borrow so much, print so much, and everything you provide still sucks?
'I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.'? Maya Angelou
Condoning child porn is not acceptable. What universe are you living in?
Actually they do. Starting with all the republican advisors Harper used to form his attack ad system.
Or Putin for that matter?
Migrant labour is just so much cheaper though, especially when it's under the table. Who can afford to hire a French today?
And train cars full of crude are a disaster to towns when they go rolling downhill unattended
Did you father make you join the military?
@Ed09:I have sworn to downvote any comment containing 'LOL', but I upvoted you anway.
There are an increasing number of 'private' health care clinics in Ontario
He wants his own atheist free palliative care ward. That's oversight in your mind. All of those deaths going on down the hall, are affecting his life in which way?
And if Harper is the smartest guy in the room, we must be talking about the Conservative caucus meeting room where the trained seals come to get their orders from PMO.
in fact, the French Socialists were early adepts of liberalization, PM Jospin denationalized several of the largest State corporations in the 1990s
Worst foreign minister and foreign policy in Canadian history. Talk about judgement!! You reap what you sow.
I could see right away that Trump was having problems with the microphone. It was turned on and accurately conveyed to the audience the words that Mr. Trump was saying, as if those words represented Mr. Trump's thoughts.
Their plot theory is out of the box, expat. There will be not rational conversation about saving Europe hereabouts. :)
ProVertias, Don't forget Mr. Del Mastro.
'Proof'??? She don't need no stinkin' PROOF!!! She's got OPINIONS. That's much better than proof. (Or so her columns lead me to believe.)
the symbolism of this utter 'up-yours' to the taxpayer was obviously lost on you.
Citizens from the UK are fleeing and moving to all parts of the world, Canadians are follow suit.
It's a perspective thing. It appears Mr McInnis doesn't have a high opinion of voters.
Please provide proof the Tories did it. A decade in power and never were they caught like this. Six months for the Liberals. Thanks for coming out. C.
1882 was when the British intervened. I'm sure I could find paintings, or descriptions from long before that. To suggest that Westerners somehow invented or inspired the chador is ridiculous.
Precisely - a rather vapid effort !
I'd like to have a pipeline running past my backyard because it would provide a nice greenbelt. My co-worker has one running by his house, and the neighborhood kids use it as a playground.
The former is two religious sects of Islam; the latter are thugs. Hope that helps.
As a non-indigenous Canadian, I 100% agree with you. We need to take responsibility ourselves and stop expecting it of people we're actively oppressing. If we can manage to stop thinking we know everything, we might actually learn something for once!
This reads similar to my experience with emplyer sponsored pensions!!!
That you would post something like this only underlines how you don't have the first clue about the crisis facing our veterans.
Interesting article. thank you!
Are you comparing Aboriginal children to those children with mental and physical challenges. I don't think so
I have a hunch they'd agree with Billy.
All of them. If you believe in capitalism we need an expanding population to make it work.
Especially in 2015.. I mean 2016.
And what about Libya, Syria, etc., Dave?
It's' the economy, stupid. Fewer tourists means fewer dollars for Canadian economy
Why are the Champagne socialists all a glee on this 'Honesty' thing? If Rob Ford had said this they would be calling Him a Criminal and shouting for a recall...
So if I replied to your comment with an innocent looking link, and you click on it, to the dungeons with you!
What "race" are French Canadians?
if parliament could enact legislation to do it wouldn't that also have been politics? isn't anything politicians do called politics. actually now it is more about leadership and consensus building, something the country used to do before Harperland.
No actually it would not, dossy. If you read closely, I called unions a classic right wing villian, but I did not accuse him of using it in this context.
A .223 shouldn't be allowed for hunting ungulates because it lacks the necessary stopping power.
You are right. Everyone in Canada now speaks Mandarin, and we have a communist dictatorship. You should leave now! Trumpville is calling...
Gee, I wonder who he voted for in the Oct election.
The columns wasn't about sucker punching - the incident was used as a metaphor.
They do not "have to appear"; they are offered the opportunity to do so; they can be present in person, they can also write to the Parole Board and the members will address their concerns during the hearing.
Levor you sound like a raving lunatic. Why don't you go and live in that Gulag Russia then.
That's why we need separation of church and state.
So, Hudak just resigned? Can someone tell me when editor-in-chief Walmsley is going to resign for being a two-faced rat to the Globe readership AND to his colleagues on the editorial board?
how many internationally famous musicians (violinist, pianists...)are jewishthey must be doing something right
So a hat is offensive and wrong, but taking race into account for sentencing is great and wonderful in 2016. Maybe you should stop being so smug and protest what is really wrong with our justice system.
The actual truth is that Mike Harris and Ontario piggybacked on the boom Clinton years economically.
In Ottawa the Harper government is paying for a monument to victims of communism, then goes to China drops our pants, bends us over and tells China to have at it. Hope the Chinese pay for a monument to the victims of Harper's policies.
Did you actually read the article, and do you have even the slightest idea what you are talking about? Clearly not.
The government you support, anyway - thanks for admitting it.
Very relevant post... in effect, a workers revolution with Trump as the puppet dictator....ok with me....Hillary would be a disaster....then does anybody really want Ted Cruz 4 years from now? Safer with Trump.
You are a liar when you say, 'I have no idea why showing ID to vote is 'wrong'.' Either that or you some kind of cognitive disorder.
Define 'West'.
Oh hes gonna be killed on live tv huh? Are you a child who actually believes this or you just some shitty person trolling?
Wow- great article... I hope the people you speak of are reading it- (and some of them will.) Thank you for the references to a 'higher good' - a rare consideration these days!
referendums are seldom a good idea... people tend to vote for what they believe to bein their own short term best interests... or their biases [example: American public schools are funded tax amounts determined by local referendums...]
The news on either CBC radio or television is so left-wing, it's embarrassing. Perhaps, we need to go further in riding it of its leftist biases by gutting it .
Let's hope that the Liberals , by getting hit on the head by the 4 by 4 of reality, make some wise decisions... the ship of state was manouvered successfully through the global economic maelstrom by the previous government and now comes another.
Globe and Mail reporters should be replaced by TFWs
Your mindset is forty or fifty years behind the time on China, hello!
5% sales tax and a 10% reduction in public service wages should just about cover the gap.
His book sort of skirted the hard truth this article is looking to tell.
The Alberta Appeal court already did this a few weeks back, one might think if the Minister had a modicum of capacity to self reflect, she would have tried to avoid a second public flogging?
Does Bob have Trump-phobia?Trump-phobiaFear of Trumpand they accuse Trump of being a fear mongerwhile they promote fear of Trumpso who is the fear monger now? this is too richironichilarious
If that is his attitude, you can understand why the employees decided to join a union. Andre
We are witnessing the effects of decades of multiculturalism.
So, Wente comes from Michigan, so I guess that makes her an expert on Detroit, right? Puh-leeze. Stop trying to shoehorn your pathetic and superficial analysis of a complex, tragic story you know precious little about, okay, Wente?
Apparently doesn't work. Similar to may or could or perhaps.
Truth hurts does it?
If I knew her customs and invited her in, why would I expect her to remove it?
According to the Guardian: ''This cover-up of sex assaults in Sweden is a gift for xenophobes .''So if you object to your country's young women being raped, you are a 'xenophobe.'
... and if you have a high pitched voice you are likely voting for Hillary .... women and 'men'.... lol
See what I mean ? When Reagan was ready to take power, the jokes were about burnt Iranian cities. Gutter sensibility.
you're just a dupe trying to screw the rest of us
calm down Jo take a pill. Is Wong elected by the people of Hong Kong? How representative are the 80,000 protesters of the 7.2 million citizens? Why it it we dont see any dissenting voice from ordinary citizens in the western media?
This is an article about Trudeau. You don't have Harper to kick around anymore. Try to stay on topic.
One might be forgiven for assuming that the USA is in China up to their necks. After all they invented/developed most of the modern computing and Internet system architectures, thus would know how to tap into anybody ....
That's the whole intent when you let the foxes into the henhouse.
The moderator is a registered republican.
Not the way it works, kid -- experience shows that 'responsible people' in anger or panic do indeed shoot innocent ones on a regular basis. The stats are available from that paragon of firearms to the south, though you won't dare look them up.
Yeah - they can have him, as far as I'm concerned.
No, they hate everyone else from outside their borders!'The immigrant vote' along with ridiculous language laws.
Is Putin's body count near that of Hillary? Maybe it is if you include ISIS members in Syria.
Your comment doesn't make sense. When only 30% of the voters can give us a majority no one deserves the government we are getting.
Prime Minister Netanyahou 'there will never be a Palestinian State under my watch'. Why hasn't this guy ever been taken to task for that statement?
What makes you an expert on using natural gas fired turbines for electrical generation? Have you ever designed or built one? Or are you just being your typical blowhard?
Oh yes they were imperious. You do not tell other MP's to 'get the f** out of the way' and then escort one by the elbow back to his seat. It was really a pretty outrageous display of disrespect for other MP's.
Lysiane is in Thailand on vacation. I understand she had no time to find additional Qu?bec can of worms. And my fishing days are delayed!
'...our government is ideologically driven to destroy such a fine Canadian institution...'Proof of this?
Yes, the Japanese have NEVER objectified women in the past. WHAT planet are you FROM??
Fuck, what a brutal story.
So she deserves what happened to her because she was swearing?
@ R Rowat Au contraire... I think you missed the point of the original post which I agreed with... perhaps a simpler example... "Genius or offensive figure? How Honey Boo Boo divides our mindless moments" :)
You have to vote for someone or spoil your ballot.
Same same.
Isn't this true of all political parties?
Good grief. The Knights do nothing but good. Get educated.
You want to move the Jewish state to Wisconsin? Or trigger diaspora. 2? It's the dream we've got, and we'd do well to learn to work with it.
JG, what are you prattling on about? You yourself worded the matter properly, where you wrote: 'some conservatives do argue...'.Yes, SOME conservatives think that. Not all. So the columnist ought to have written 'some'.
Our institutions seem to catch the corruption; but Canada similarly suffers from the incompetence at the elected level. Insolvencies at the Provincial level seem inevitable.
And historically low voter turn out usually favours the incumbent party.
what a buffoon. Mulroney was 22 years ago. There has been time to make change since then
How about SNC-Lavalin.
This announcement brought to you by your favourite Kremlin based broadcasting system.
sent the troops to Kandahar.
Not wanting to engage in a sexual act that is degrading, painful and completely asexual for women is not 'religious and moral'. But it may just be that women are not interested in gay male sexual practices. If you are, go for it, and tip up.
...never mind, I read your comment history, you're obviously a party drone.
ZayWhat, No harm to society as a result of open use of pot. But slow death for an economy based on slave wages.
Is it possible for you to write less than a novel in your posts? Talk about annoying!!
Please don't tell me you think any Quebec government has ever 'taken on the unions' . That statement is laughably incorrect.
Trudeau's strong poll numbers stick in the Conservatives' craw, as shown in this article and many of the posts here.
Peter M. Cox = Mr. Obvious
Yes, out of Port Dover Ontario.
The 97% Consensus? Global Warming Unmasked! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yTTaXqVEGkU
Because of course you're all about the climate. Just like opponents of wind power are all about the birds.
And yet Justin Trudeau is popular with the electorate. That must really upset you.
No, but Odin the All Father does. I hope Loki doesnt get involved... that guy cant be trusted.
Yup. Agree 100%
There IS a 'k' in Etobicoke, it's silent. Go figure, I believe it is a anglicized from an native word meaning 'an area abundant in trees' . I live in Etobicoke and would never vote for the buffoon.
Facts are stubborn things; and whatever may be our wishes, our inclinations, or the dictates of our passions, they cannot alter the state of facts and evidence. John Adams
Good points. Hudak is insulting voters by providing comic book solutions to issues that require proper analysis and policy formulation.
--well, --not_quite_no influence. Just enough to make us raise our hackles at the absurdities published at 'the Centre-of-the-Universe' in its' sublime ignorance of what's west of Lake Superior.
one thing I will remember about Steve Poutine and this subject: when he said that ndp 'supported' hitler and of course vicious attack adds smearing opponents. I cannot imagine respecting anybody among robo call crew. sad story about Canada
As we constantly shift to a more socialist centrally planned society it is natural that we reap the benefits: everyone becomes poor.
NO its not.....go look.
20% of Ontarians work in government. Wynne and the Liberals are in bed with the public sector. We are doomed.
Really....its a non-starter...all you have to do is check the Gov/t Moving policy...
GTA still loves the Liberals, that's all they need.
There was never any litter around our urban community mailbox. It was always picked up and fed into the outgoing mail slot.
Europe does not want to become the site of U.S.Congress' war, a place to vent redneck frustrations - collateral damage.
Have you considered that they have a point - and that Harper does not?
@Hedzer Gee, I must have missed when Rob Ford was charged with assault for bowling over Councillor Pam McConnell.
Well some people are WAY too easily offended and need to grow a thicker skin.
Suzuki hasn't been a scientist for decades. A propagandist yes, scientist no. If a conservative had said something like this he would have been raked over the coals. Time for Suzuki to disappear.
You're missing the point.
Good post - but a wasted effort.
Exferrious....your post is the most ill-informed, misguided and bigoted comment I've seen on the G&M boards for some time. Congratulations.
Government spending to kick start the economy has never landed a cent in my pocket. Nor do I know anyone whom it has helped. The signs sure are pretty though. I guess somebody had to print those.
ProVertias Childish ? Much like Trudeau. ------- i would say "boyish" rather than childish
Don't apologize for Syrian refugeesthey were not here when these things happened
I copied them from the article............................
Have you ever talked to family members of victims who have to go to hearings every two years? Five people may still be alive if this had been the Law. But what is five lives if you are not part of their family.
If you can't beat them, join them. Lets have everyone, men, women and children wear a niqab for the ceremony.
So give the poor money so they too can access the best healthcare system in the world. And rent housing. Live like us.
Carbon is good for the environment. Crop yields are higher.
Abortion and ImmigrationIt is universally acknowledged that a society that aborts 100, 000 of its unborn every year is in need of immigrants to make up for the loss of the innocents
That's some grass the author is smoking if he think Canadians are willing to change gov't over legalizing of marijuana. The pot smoking crowd is not going to vote for Harper just because he changed his mind on the drug policy.
Bwaaaaaahahahahaha. Excellent satire. Thank you!
This article makes it seem as though the G&M is trying to attract Toronto Sun readers.
Ms Wynne understands the bigger picture. We need to redistribute our wealth and resourses in order to provide everyone in this country income security, and sustainable cheap, environmentally friendly energy. Let's wish her well
A disappointing editorial from the G&M. The adults must have left early for an extended weekend. Why not focus on the faux cabinet minister in Ottawa. She should more appropriately be tagged as the seven year old.
Ailina, when will you bother reading some of the scientific and medical literature on the subject. Sex and gender are two different things. Deal with it. So "*SHE"
How dare you compare a Canadian Senator to a foreign criminal.
Hilarious propaganda piece. History will prove This is THE WORST US President ever
And naturally, you can't comment on the article on the CBC. Because the CBC knows what the comments would be like. CBC rarely likes the truth.
You forgot this survey, which is nothing but smoke and mirrors to blur destroying the foundations of our government data system, but cost $30 million more than an actual long-form census.
Nope, at this point, mental illness will preclude a doctor assisted suicide. But that is an interesting coming together of trending stories. Kudos to you.
Sometimes the truth sucks. But it is true nonetheless.
You sound like Justin Trudeau.
Both terms are used. Global warming, or in this case anthropogenic global warming, is a subset of the broader field of climate change.
The pooping puffin turned Canadians against Harper, at least for a while. Not sure where it went off the rails after that
You've got the first 3 words right . . . & if one is going to insult a fellow Canadian, one should be 'sure' . . . what a petty 'put-down' retort in reply to a reasonable serious question.
It makes me sad that a super average quarterback that really has no idea whats going on in the streets gets so much attention.
why don't the many Muslim countries help their own brothers?
Shopping in a Wal-Mart store is not an opportunity, in fact, the 'experience' is more likely to remind a person that they have no opportunities.
Why do you have so much HATE?
Canadians can't get this song out of their heads these days.
No one is reading your talking points, Marilyn.
Good post. The car is a good example and they've been around for over 100yrs. Another would be air-travel and how this has gotten progressively safer and more fuel efficient since the first jets were introduced after WW2.
If we all got to choose where our taxes for higher education went, the result would probably be pretty much what it is now: 80-90% going to science, medicine and engineering.
Please invite Ms. May to the G&M debate. The Green Party is a national party with representation in the House of Commons. She deserves it and voters want to hear from her and the Green Party.
The old ends justifies the means argument. So it is OK if we become like our enemies if we think it will help us defeat them.
Formerly : odd to be asking for evidence, when this very article is absent evidence of the case the writer wishes to make.
All... The Assassination of Diplomacy on the World Stage was carried out by Harper & Baird...
Hey Mark, all I did was supply a helpful phone number, why the complaint ?
Yesssssssssss that canard you speak off has been butchered { halal } ,plucked , eviscerated and fricasseed , yet those who wish to throw burkas on issues, looking at you sister Khan , continue to obfuscate with a vengeance !
That was a typo (but you rudely ignored that possibility). It should have said 5% or so.
Well he didn't mention the LATTE-SIPPING ELITISTS in downtown Toronto. Yet.
Value added. Germans import less in raw materials than they export in finished goods. The difference is the value added to the materials. With a common Euro rather than an expensive Mark, German industry has lower costs and can charge higher prices.
ISIS was created by Western powers meddling in the Syrian revolt. It is both.
Straight talkIn what is wrong, you missed 'government run'.
I DESPISE cowards like you that want everyone else to get over being victimized by you and yours because you don't have the guts to face the things that you and yours are responsible for.
Don't forget the backseat of the family car.
Actually she wrote the MAD is euthanasia and its still wrong.
Excellent summation Bob.
Soon to be 338 because Harper is adding 30 new pigs to the trough for us tax payers to pay for.
Hottest summer on record. Floods, wildfires, earthquakes, yet people still scream for more oil. Hard to watch the insanity of this comment board.
...and so are you Rick.
Then China will be number one faster than expected. God save the USA.
Actually if you cast your eyes back a decade or so you will see the Liberals lost by a much wider margin than the COnservatives just did... Losing by 7% is hardly 'about as much as the first past the post system lets you lose.'
Conservatives are the propaganda arm of the rich.
You are a moron. Hate to break it to you but Catholicism is pretty much nothing but backwards, barbaric views towards women.
are you suggesting that wrongs done to aboriginals justify a policy of genocide through diversity/ integration today?
Spiderwoman said "I have little patience for this kind of misuse of research information" And yet you "quote" from non existent polls in other posts.
That's classy stuff right there.
I'm glad to hear this. Despite the problems we are very aware of, and despite my dislike of winter, there is nowhere else in North America where I'd live.
http://www.bankofcanada.ca/banknoteable/Note that she must be Canadian-born or naturalized, and have been dead for at least 25 years. And the space for nomination rationale is very small.
Darlene: Thank you for your comment! Dead on!
i wonder why
What has Trump ever said that makes you think he's racist??
Go ahead, expose.
You describe a gov't run system. Can you name one private sector service that works that way?
Good for Harper he's got my vote and he doesn't care about you MacKenna.
@Matt Hughes You are one smart US constitution interpreter. US constitution only applies to US citizen. Since when does the 1st Amendment of the US constitution have to do with non-citizens wishing to enter US?
Obama's legacy. It looks pretty sad.
I don't know a single person who changed their diet at that age significantly except for Bill Clinton. Most just give up completely and rely on pharmaceuticals and the health care system to keep them going.
typo...'flux model is one hundred times as accurate as the old gross flow fossil fuel model'
Rand Paul is a nutjob who should not be running for president. No wonder so few Americans vote.
'Wente clearly says ' Men are idiots'No, she did not. Read the whole article....
What's not age appropriate in the curriculum? Have you actually read it?
The NDP Party, Dead Party Walking....!
George, what's your point? You agree that bonuses have not doubled or tripled?
Wow ... perhaps the editorial board has explain their petulance ...
You forgot the Ontario governments of John Robarts and Bill Davis.
Canada will improve when its neanderthals die off.
you are 44 years late...
The problem for the Cons in running on your record, is some of us remember what that record is.
The kill buyers will buy them, and ship them off to China as horsemeat.
Its odd that nobody has yet to comment on the use of male sexuality in the world of entertainment Male teen pop stars are as much about their look as their music. So too actors. Hunks, beefcake, blah, blah blah... I hear it all the time.
Oh great, now we have a Toronto-based illustrator and textile designer telling Canada's snowboarding drama teacher Facebook Prime Minister Robin Hood how to run the immigration system.
Another Wente polemic against someone trying to do something. She is so predictable and boring. Easy job description, though: 1) find someone trying to improve things; and 2) write snarky and petty things.
You have no evidence that he is a "brilliant businessman", other than his own statements. You don't know how much he makes or what he owns. In other words, you have bought his flummery lock, stock, and barrel. That pretty much makes YOU a dupe.
You want to see discrimination? Try being a professional in Quebec and not being able to speak French well enough to gain your license. It's easier to go to the moon.
I shop for my books online. Huge selection. Go Abebooks...
how about a tinfoil hat?
Where were you people when the election was going on his father PET was extremely pro aboriginal....the apple don't fall far from the tree...
My understanding is that Clinton's platform has been heavily influenced by Sanders'. It has gone a long way to the left from where it would likely have been without Sanders and his many supporters.
Burt57How is that Gateway 'project' coming along.........again?.
And reality will not be altered.
Hey anybody would be happy to be overpaid. Why blame teachers, they are just trying to get as much as they can like most people do. Blame the guys who give it them.
Wow. A couple of western premiers were 'indignant'. Now that's ground breaking news reporting. Next you'll tell us that the premier of Quebec has been 'insulted'.
I would settle for getting a job.
100% agreed, take action Canadians and contact MPs to voice your concerns.
cjlawrie, you must be part of the Globe editorial board, because you are WRONG! http://www.theglobeandmail.com/globe-debate/editorials/ontario-election-part-4-for-a-conservative-minority/article19047636/
What's the lesson, don't work too hard (if at all), spend lots of other peoples money, whine and hope you can get some more of other peoples money to spend. Great lessons.
If that's what this issue was really about, your comment would be helpful. But it isn't.
The SCC, seven of whose nine members were appointed by Harper and whose chief was appointed by Mulroney, has a liberal bias? Give your head a shake, really hard.
A most certain lack of human decency.
There are very few people on the planet that have the integrity or credibility of Dick Pound.
How ironic! Lawyers protesting a memorial that recalls the millions of people who were victims of Communism, many of whom found refuge in Canada, or are the descendants of such people - but then Lenin was a lawyer too.
Presumably Wente meant 'scourge of the right-wing'.
And what is wrong with that ? Not PC enough for ya ?
Maybe he is telling the truth. I know that never occured to any lefty on here.
Blow that candle out, it will never happen....this is Canada.
Physiotherapy degrees are approx $10K a year from what I can gather online. According to your telling, you graduated nearly 20 years ago. How did you end up with $100K in student debt?
It will literally take decades to repair the mess this group of maladroit hillbillies have made of Canadian foreign policy.
Good comments from the author. The media has had a banner week. Nothing sells like sex and death.
and americans aren't allowed to enter sounds like a fair deal to me
I thought someone was 'presumed' innocent until proven otherwise. Very often we're tried and convicted in the media.
This is not really a one person mission. We had a lame duck for 8 years and we have had a warmonger before that for 8 years, things really do not look very good right now.
I'm Albertan. Tax my purchases. Back off on taxing my income a bit. (Do you want to encourage me to produce or spend?)
Because Canada was friends with the dictators who carried out both of those atrocities.
@HeyBubbaFair enough 'Bubba'Cheers..
Saving money at a cost. The City's efficiency is outrages. The bubble at the L'Amoreaux tennis collapsed in January snow storm and it's now July 2, and the bubble is still not fixed and open. May be the City has no money to fix it.
@Ed09What I posted is a brief, but accurate, statement of the state of affairs re licensing IMGs. I can assure you that I know very well what I am talking about. But, if you're an expert, then tell us where I am wrong.
the niqab is mainly a CUSTOM in Saudi Arabia and a few other countries the MAJORITY of the world's muslim women do NOT wear it and they are religious too
You do know where the majority of Canadians live right?
I believe the man you're refering to is properly addressed as Uncle Gazebo!
Ya sure, attack businesses. That'll create the jobs so desperately needed in Ontario.
should read 'Poland and the BALTICS'...
Yes, then we wouldn't have to read it.
In Britain, well, imagine that in 20 years:'''End of 2.4 children, as Britain has biggest families in Europe'''
Gross or net?
The tar sands can only generate so much work, and most of it is in Alberta. That does nothing for the rest of us.
The are not ignoramuses or fools, they know precisely what they are doing. They are stifling views (or truths) they don't want out there.
keller204 always thumbs up himself then says "you can't prove I thumbed up myself" then says "I never denied I thumbed up myself" He thinks he's being clever. He isn't.
How many tax payer dollars does the Globe Mail get each year to advertise the Liberal CBC each year ?No wonder their is a huge anti Conservative bias.
This makes the Republican party a crypto-fascist party. The Republican brand of politics deserves the name.
Sounds like good criticism.
There are no "agreeable" postings in India.
I think it's more a matter of numbers than age. As in, how much voting power do they have.
Was that a joke reply or ignorant? If if was ignorant then I can reply. Otherwise it was hilarious. /sarcasm
He was 2 months shy of 16, making him far from any child soldier. Why don't you write him and invite him to come live with you?
That's an idiotic remark.
So you're saying that most krauts want the wall back, is that it Dougie? Is there any issue that doesn't get mangled in your brain Dougie?
So you think all the witnesses are liars? You don't believe all the bones that have been dug up? At least 50000 kids have been killed by wonderful Christian schools.
I'd like to see how Harper would be diagnosed in the DSM-5 ...
Malumba - Yes, I have read it. People who do will probably find it rather mundane.
Stop wasting time. No moment of nothing before we begin.
Stay angry twerp...........it makes you not reproduce.
That line is really getting stale chirp.
Try reading the story then.
The fact many people can't afford a lawyer is a serious problem. How would you solve it, The Work Farce?
what rubbish!
Debate the facts, junior.
it's only broken if you question Supreme Court's wisdom or decisions.
Won't happen, election fraud is Tubby's MO
Despite this, they are still ahead in the polls and could possibly get a majority. All this with 65% if the population wanting change. What a sad state of affairs.
A brief and very sensible description of the issue. Watch the TV images and you will see that young males are by far the greatest number of people heading to Europe. the media for some strange reason fail to mention the preponderance of young males.
many actors have been called gaydo they hold a conference every time to deny itthey owe nothing to those who spread rumours
We are clearly not turning the other cheek, because that is the one and only way to defeat this thing.
I vote for the future. The past was full of wars and poverty that people seem to have forgotten about.
The very basic lesson the NDP should have learned - don't send a boy to do a man's job!
Except that they are not interested in 'looking after the home'.
But that wasn't the reason it was covered up.
Even if this is a peasant's revolt, Trump should be the last guy they should vote for.
doesnt even roll up the rim to win
I don't want it legalized until the development of a roadside sobriety check is available for marijuana.
Thanks for these reminders of people who walked in another's shoes for insight and wrote about their experiences. PC types would condemn such acts as 'appropriation of voice' or something.
Trudeau's geo-political equivalent of a 'time-out'. (Bad boy. Now go sit in the corner and think about what you just did. )
For some reason whenever I read 'union goon' I automatically think 'idiotic poster'.I'm not sure how that association developed.
.... contrast the strong leadership of China's Xi with the current leader of the 'free' world and the next American president-to-be.......
@skeptical Rob Ford gave the Toronto police an 11.2% raise across the next 4 years--it's not just the left.
'To fight ISIS effectively, we need insight into just what it is'The G&M doesn't know what ISIS is? An apt illustration of how Toronna has it's head in the sand.
To the contrary, he wanted the position; he got the position. Once there it quickly became apparent he is not up to the task. He would stay forever given the opportunity.
BINGO! No pun intended
You can disagree with someone without being vindictive. Our country can only get better if everyone gets along or at least tries.
Good questions.
We need all seven pipes to grow our number one industry. Canada, love it or leave it.
10 years ago I would have laughed if you said I would be a millionaire today, but here I am.
A Merchant of Venice?
No, that's the price for a legal system that comes as close to meting out justice as any system yet devised by humankind. Get over it. In fact, be damn grateful for it.
I agree. To me it seems that the people calling out anything 'sexual' as being 'rape culture' is most likely past their sexual prime or just doesn't like sex as much as young people.
It means 'come by here'. If you say it right, you get the translation
They can add it to the long list of fiascos around the world where ever the scam has been tried. Some people have even taken to blowing them up. https://stopthesethings.com/https://stopthesethings.com/
............ as 17 US intelligence agencies claim.
John McKay was right.
Justin used the term 'old stock' in 2007, during an interview with the community weekly Nouvelles Parc-Extension.Surprising that Justin would be 'throwing rocks' at Harper when Harper uses the term.
What about the relief the release brings, Malumba? wills 37
Thoughtless knee jerk reactions like your comment is the reason small 'c' conservatives like me feel 'homeless' politically now for quite a few years.
according to harris harper is wrapped up in at least 15 legal actionsthis could easily be number 16http://www.ipolitics.ca/2015/05/14/harper-is-now-a-pm-fleeing-his-past/
What poor performance? They won. Simple as that.
Yes ! I want high taxes and tiny living spaces. NOT
'Dixeland Swing Band'-You really rocked the joint, eh Big? Too bad Perry Como isn't alive!
Seriously? You do know that sex is determined by chromosomes, right? XX - homogametic sex, XY - heterogametic sex. Each of those is a chromosome.
Why are jihadists attacking so many times and killing so many innocent people in European countries and in so many other countries around the world? What is the mandate and the ultimate goal of the jihadists? Where are they getting their ideas from?
Road tolls are good common sense, but bad politics. Good politics usually outweighs good common sense, but every so often, it doesn't. Bwghwhwhawhahhahahahhahwhahwhahahwahhaha!
See your doctor. Double the meds.
Its a term that is used in Quebec and no where else. Harper is the master of discipline therefor we can assume it was targeted at the Quebec City region. Trudeau has used the term in the past as well btw.
Actually he is. I'm a staunch conservative, work for an oilsands company, bicycle to work or take transit. Why are so many people on the left of the spectrum so intolerant of the opinions of others?
As long as Wynne and the Ontario Liberals are no longer in government. Should have gone with Pupatello.....this is the flaw in democracy when two thousand people can foist a Premier on the entire Province.
Rationalthought What am I doing? Pointing out the fact the world's climate changes even without man..
Too funny, you kept all those receipts and added them up?Good for you.
WE had our turn bombing the living daylights out of Libya - just last year. Let the Yanks and Brits wallow in their own crapulence this time.
Just as good?? It's a damn sight better!
Spare us the anecdotes, they are meaningless, even if true.
This writer does not have to worry about being targeted by the Obama administration. He is in their backpocket, kissing away for all he is worth, which is not much.
Harper has indeed damaged our standing in the world and participating in this bombing campaign is certainly not going to help it.
You really need to learn to read. The answer, as set out, is 'education, social safety nets and expanded productivity'. Note carefully 'expanded productivity'. Any other questions?
The Royal Alexander? Did the Tsar visit TO in the 19th C. or are you being facetious?
Your responses are starting to sound like Trump: "I know you are, but what am I?"
Duh. That warmonger Chr?tien elected not to go to war with Iraq in 2003. That may be inaction, but it's inaction I approve of.
Only blind partisans would dismiss him, plenty of those to go around.
Over the last 100 years a series of small changes have cumulatively have a drastic impact on automobiles. There's nothing to say that greener energy won't become economically viable on a slow, gradual schedule rather than in one huge step.
and de klerk and his gang were not ruthless killers..
Following the author's excellent reasoning will The G&M stop publishing a horoscope?
'Osgoode Hall Law Journal' aka DIY handbook of the legal industry.
You missed the news on the U.S.-China agreement ?
Jesus stated that he upheld the law, and there are scriptures that deal with divorce in 'the law' (old testament). They differ quite a bit from Catholic law on divorce. www. religioustolerance.org/div_bibl.htm
My unborn child could do better work than that!
Don't you fret, when it DOES implode, they'll just blame it on big oil,,, or greedy corporations,,, or the 1%....
Oh yes he is Cassandra and under many monikers . All related to the guitar world. Billy Banjo, Ukulele boy ....
vanwest:-- Nonsense. At the end of Pierre Trudeau's term in office, federal debt-to-GDP was lower than has been under this government. Under the lengthy Liberal government of the 90s and early 200s, government was smaller than it is now.
Well I call him Mr. Senategate this week not the Emperor. Harper is fishing for consumer votes with the EU. Prices will stay the same as no one will pass on the savings to consumers.
pretty much, I'd love to know how he could afford all this honestly, sure dentists make good money but I never knew they made the kinda money he'd need to do this
get your government to reduce taxes on fuel.
Conservatives have been a part of Canadian history. Harper style fascism hasn't.
What impact would achieving our carbon reduction goal have on climate change? Zip
N DreamerI was not referring to American citizens but to the banks and multinationals who have subs in tax havens. Apparently, organized crime is a huge force in Ontario as well. There are many powerful players who have things to hide.
20 years? I'm talking about the ELECTION, the media has been almost fawning over her but have been trying to show Trump as the devil incarnate.
Another reason to defeat this gov't
This works out well. Tory and PM Harper are buddies.
I'll be voting for the party that's helped us retain (and increase) that advantage over the last 8 years.
How about people who screw their investors, contractors and employees like Mr. Trump?
I NEVER thought I would say this, but for once I agree with Margaret Wente!
@ billbcProof that can hold up in court? not just in kangaroo court of the left with lynch mob for jury
Muslims generally think it's a good idea for others to convert to Islam. The main point made in this piece is that Cathlolics now have doctrinal instruction no longer to try to convert Jews.
Get a life and move on yourself, or do you want her imprisoned?
So why is gov't giving electric 200 million? Being blocked by gov't is the issue.. not money
If the Conservatives avoided adopting Liberal policies in an attempt to appeal to, well liberals, it would be a significant shift to the right.
No need to litter. I just shove all my junk mail back into the outgoing mail slot.
Yes, but the Saudis are friends of the US and the US does not like Iran.
he lost it because his microphone wasn't working properly and we could hear all his word salad.
Maybe better than lying and cheating
His trade ideas are bad but he has it spot on on most everything else.
I wonder if Ms. Wooley has kids. Her comments are insulting.
I must tell you that I have discovered the reason why the rich get richer. I came into some serious money(
How do you investigate complaints without complainants?
Much ado about a little 'chicanery'.
'I doubt her comments will hurt her popularity with her core supporters.'Mores the pity.
Gandhi *is* dead. Didn't you get the memo? Thank you, thank you. I'll be here all week.
Those working for Catholic hospitals are protected under section 7 of the Charter. Our personal autonomy and individual liberties are protected.
Where would your defeated and prostrate China be today if the Allies hadn't defeated Japan? Ingrate.
The headline asks a question but as usual with Simpson, it becomes an answer in search of a question.
A most ungenerous article. Instead of insight, we get a subtle condemnation of a person's character. Yes, Robin Williams was human, but the only conclusion I can draw from reading this is that Beslin felt slighted by Williams' fame.
If TrueDoh! is re-elected the Canadian dollar will plunge even further....
Right on Margaret!
Or if people are not like that themselves, some seem to get a vicarious sense of power by admiring, enabling and supporting - sometimes well past the point of all reason - someone who is powerful, narcissistic, arrogant and controlling.
Friends of the Liberal party?????
You can also read Robert Fife's article on the same topic, without the sarcasm.
Your post verges on hate-speech. Get a grip. You've been fooled and radicalized by corrupt media.
Don't you mean 'CENTRE'?
Driving a cab is scary. I was told the other day about Tow truckers having baseball bats with them . These are sketch jobs.
Ah yes. The G & M is shoving it down your throat, isn't it? Simple solution to your being offended. Shove off to the Nasty Post.
That way fewer readers will see G&M taken to task by some comments here.....could be the wave for a while.....
So what's your solution, bobby?
Thank you for that.
Because he's nasty to the bone.
moderator... pls note... 'Personal attacks, offensive language and unsubstantiated allegations are not allowed.'
Oh the armchair critics with wordplay....2-dimensionals who need blacks or whites
Sudia Arabia has behead hundreds of prisoners. But, we're allied with them.
billrohr - Bill of Rights predates and is superior to all other documents including The Constitution. Please learn the Difference between Common Law and Statutes.
Bottom line is that the Americans need change. They are not going to get it with Clinton. The question that remains is how much they are willing to stomach Trump in order to get this change.
I didn't realize that the conservatives lost the election on purpose. Thanks for that- I guess it explains the lack of a coherent plan, and so forth.
A blue wall ?How about Trump finally has to face some educated voters ?
Indubitably. Credibility is key in the courtroom.
Dieudonn? = not an anti-Semite!! Oh wait, very much so -- honestly, trying to find the ulterior meaning / rationale behind the bigotry. Not there. #JeSuisAPlank#Loser
replied below
You are highly judgmental.
Surprisingly, a number of women that I've talked to liked Trudeau's manly-man manhandling. ---------- actually all that boxing and yoga stuff is to disguise his rather effeminate mannerisms
If Andrian Dix maintains a 45+ support level, it will be one of the biggest provincial majorities in the country. I for one, am glad a third party alternative is the choice of British Colombians.
I would have used the term 'cruel'.
There are a lot of Canadians of Ukrainian decent. this is all about shoring up the Conservative base. Pretty tacky on the world stage where were at one time respected
The surge worked. Obama removed the troops too soon to placate his far-left base. Giving room for ISIS to rise. Great work all around.
B0123 Dubya almost bankrupted the US following that mantra.
Are you calling for that mystical figure, the "science reporter." Good luck.
' Everyone knows'...no they don't...only you and other conspiracy theorists ' know'.
50%+1 is enough to break up a country, so it should be enough to change the electoral system.
@Flash danceDUMB and hypocritical yet still won electionsomething seriously wrong with the opposition, mainly geroge smitherman - surpriseNDP joe pantalone - no surprise
Parents who are wasting all their money on their kids' hockey involvement always justify it as a way to build character and play well with others. As if there is no other way to install those values. Blind leading the blind.
There's hope for a cure for cancer but would you make that hope the most important influence in your life, base your beliefs and values on it, and place blind faith in it?
WELL & TRULY SAID.
Yes, good to see Bob Rae standing up for human rights.
So why don't you move from this totalitarian state to where there are no alpha males and you can be truly free?
Agree with the Good Doctor. The editorial creates, then flails at, a straw man construction.
Excellent post. Going forward (in the event of Brexit) the UK can strike trade deals with the EU much like Switzerland has. So there is a precedent for trade integration without political integration.
'In fact, the evidence, such as it is,'i stopped there. translation: 'i'll toss this out. if you're dumb enough to follow, give it a whirl and follow me to the end.'right, mags.
At the moment you better get comfortable with a Harper minority government because that is where it is headed.
Your preoccupation with self ?
Yes. But what about that pmo staffer talking to a witness during an on-going case? Isn't that a crime in and of itself? And what does that say about political interference?
"MORAL standards? What are you talking about? Ailina is only pointing out the standard of quality she wants when she reads. She doesn't have time to waste reading what she considers rubbish. And neither do I !
At the moment, your statement is all too true. However, let's not give up hope. In every small way possible, we need to keep challenging our loss of freedom.
The appointment of Baird did that all by itself, this is just patronage.
So then your not in favor of the govt giving tax breaks to companies to invest in Canada? Good then I guess all those tax breaks to the auto companies and tech companies better be taken off the books as well.
You may be right considering Obama could do little constructively with an overily hostile Congress.
@K McIntyre, Exactly, and well said. @rhenae, > "Everything is not an attack on your manhood." I have no qualms with this statement. You should think about why your thinking about manhood would lead to you that conclusion in the first place.
One has vision, the other can offer only division.
what makes him unfit to be President... is his constant use of 'eh'
I would be very surprised to learn that Lysiane challenged Couillard on his record of support for Francophone rights. Because Couillard never did.
If you want to hear/see/read these policy papers is entirely up to you.---------------------------Sure, Canada. I'll check them out. Any links?
More trade helps everyone. One of the lessons of the Great Depression was that protectionism hurts everyone. If China stopped buying commodities the Canadian economy would go through a Depression.
I thought "retracted" was your word for repealed. If I missed your point I'd be happy to learn where I went wrong.
So you agree with forced marriage? Genital mutilation? Honor killings? Hmmmm......interesting.
Yes friends, totally unnecessary and the cassus belli is totally contrived. I for one am convinced that they will stop with the Sudetenland...
Is this irony?
I hope you don't smoke, drink, get no exercise, are overweight, a mountain climber, go skiing regularly, text on the street or in your car, or jaywalk, because if so, by your reasoning you should get a bill as well.
That is a pretty broad based accusation. Any proof of any of that or are you just making stuff up because you want to feel knowledgeable? I'm guessing the latter.
A major issue in first nations education is that isolation of students within their own community group is assumed. A major component of education is mixing with other groups.
It seems that we will always be 'british', like it or not!
Actually the federal tax and spend Liberals brought the budget into surplus.(94-2007) The fiscally responsible Conservatives blew the surplus away in a useless tax cut to the GST among other things....
She like the President made their bed, now she has to lie in it. It's Monica who reminds us all how stupid she was. Clinton had to live with his mistake and so does she.
@goaltenderinterference1 I think you're missing the point.
hey Llewellen you missed shoshanab's point he or she was using "dumb voters" sarcastically actually he she was mocking Liberals who think voters are so dumb as to vote for the natural governing party meaning the arrogant Libs
should Ghomeshi allegations change everything? how is that not a form of mob mentality?
Well then, who are they supposed to vote for? Who's the alternative? Right now, the choice is more of the same or Trump. Hard to fault people for choosing Trump considering what's on the other side.
And that would be a good thing in my opinion. Clark, Stanfield, Mulroney and Camp should have all been members of the Liberal party not the Conservative, progressive or otherwise.
Because it drives you crazy, old lady. Toodooloo....
I can understand why a civil servant would be annoyed about raising the TFSA limit given that they will be well cared for in retirement. But for those of us dependent on our investments, TFSAs are a godsend. Please raise the limit.
It's a form of 'tail wagging the dog' government. It's a mistake and anti-democratic given our first past the post system of government.
Good comment. Xandoli.
'I've heard rumours of something called 'women's rugby'. That definitely sounds like an event that was made for radio.'Clearly, you missed an enjoyable experience there, due to your biases. The women's rugby matches were worthwhile.
I'm chuckling already, just thinking about the upcoming winters - when I'll be warm as toast with my wood stove while all the GTA Liberals will be freezing or going broke because of the green energy they voted for. :)))
Please learn to read
I'd say both.
There's no proof reducing co2 emissions will have any impact on climate. The leaders are pandering and some people must like to be be lied to.
Stupid use of their names.....totally detracts
if you have a job and want to keep it...vote Conservative
@Vincent Clement'It seems that the french-speaking residents are upset'Oh, the G&M says it, it must be true.
Mark Shore obviously knows nothing about the ME and has probably never been there.
Jolly - did you read your own post? Did you think before you posted? You think someone that makes $250k per year is buying islands? Or even a house in Vancouver? Get a grip.
expanded military presence cut back like everything else related to security http://www.cbc.ca/news/politics/canada-s-navy-to-get-5-or-6-arctic-ships-not-8-1.2913159
Yes, that's why it is so important to resist all efforts to limit the number of guns in society. It would be cruel to make killing more difficult.
Invites the question; not begs the question.
I know the feeling
I'll bet jail helped some get rid of their addictions.
Why does every Muslim assume every white Canadian they meet is Christian?
A ton of debt? The PC's left Alberta in a shambles with no revenue sources and no rainy day fund. Two things that the grown ups have been warning about for decades.
Sure, Kristen. Right after you do the same for Messrs. Trudeau and Mulcair. C.
So...the conservatives didn't lose because their voter manipulation machine failed. They lost because the voters didn't like them. Sounds right, Jenni.
Sorry whats your address? If I respond to a fire there I'll remember that.
Education and penalties are too late when your dog has been ripped apart or your arm shredded.
I'm sure that if you spoke to some of the people who were actually affected by this, you might change your mind.
What if a car became malevolently self aware and could defy the laws of physics while murderously pursuing a motley crew of gormless twits? Why, Steven King would write a novel about it. Stick a fork in separatism....
In the land of the politically faint of heart - or just not paying attention - when the brave Health Corps call the shots and brave political acolytes do all HealthCorp bidding, no questions asked, you don't want to get sick...
'Tens of thousands of students' should read 'hundreds of thousands.' There are over 500, 000 public school students that Christy plotted to play around with, to further her agenda. http://www.bctf.ca/uploadedFiles/Public/Publications/2012EdFacts.pdf
Canada does not need a secret police. Only authoritarian states have secret police.
independently - exactly !
Actually the Sun does endorse Gregor.
Don't know whose worse: Potemkin Kenny (Fake Citizen Ceremony-gate) or Harper Youth Poilievre (Voters - the fewer the better!)
How will greater knowledge of maturbation and how oral sex works enable them to make better decisions? Knowledge of STDs, the dangers of sexting and online predators, sure, that makes sense. But teaching a 12 year old about anal sex??? Seriously?
G&M endorsed Tory not a political party
It's a partnership of eleven. There were no provinces pre-confederation.
Day by day, I am warming to the idea of Trump as president.
Hilarious.
And how is that different?(BTW the PQ is a provincial government, language is French so no need to switch off translation, there is none.) Nice to have comments from abroad though.
Mr. Cameron is focusing on Muslim women because they are the immigrant group most likely to be isolated at home. It isn't the Polish or other EU immigrants who don't learn to speak English.
I never felt suspicious of vaccines until they became a cause celebre and stalking horse for establishment shills like Mr. Yakyak here.
I care as much about Justin inhaling a little pot as I do about whether Lauren is gay.
Super duper. So the election will be decided before some of us have even voted....just like usual !
Why do any of these so-called sport hunters kill for the thrill, probably because they are psychopaths who love to kill.
Is your RRSP contribution a tax? Your employer pension contributions? Your electricity bill? If you use the word tax to mean any expense you don't like the word becomes meaningless fast.
secularism is also an American concept. Sometimes we can learn from them
And when the day comes when we are no longer in the top third of nations, the first world; who will come help us?
if you're going to blame the Republicans, how do you explain Obama's inability to get anything done in the first 2 years when the Democrats controlled the President , the Senate and the House
'What do you think firefighters should make? $10.25/hour?'I suspect something less than $80/hr (all costs in) would be a good start. Then again, privatization looks to me the best way to reduce costs by over 50%.
It may not be a statistically significant sample but people I know in Africa keep asking me 'what has happened to Canada?'
The title of this article should be ' Why does Wente still have a job?'
This happens all the time to people of every race, colour and creed. Who never ran and missed a bus? I don't take the bus but, from time to time, I do block buses with my car when I see someone running to catch one.
Smart people will see Justin for what he really is. A light weight with nice hair.
I'm a Die Freakin' Hard Liberal, but what Justin said about the Boston bombing... WOW! Bogart that joint, dude.
Can't upvote this enough. Beck's column is always perpetuating the 20 year old dietary dogma.
All the lies --- 'three small deficits' for instance --- are Liberal too. And after reading Monsef's 'indigenous leader' comment, I feel like I need to hose off with Purell ---- eeew, slimy.
You know Harper's part of the elite too, right?
The debt used to be $150 billion, under McGuinty in 2006. Now it's almost double that at $270 billion.
How do we describe massacres such as Newtown?
Ford has probably never taken a subway before in his life so how would he know about public transit!
Perhaps Konrad should pay a visit to China for a new perspectives on late-capitalism, business organization and fiscal management.
What's immoral about it?
DWPwDo you understand the word appeasement? Understand why it should never be in Canada's lexion. Please look it up.
Tom Z - excellent post.
Actually, the cross is the ONE religious item that is going to be allowed. The PQ has stated that being Catholic is part of the Quebec tradition.
And P Trudeau's deficit was about 8.7% of GDP in a single year.
U going to sell to me ?
reply@sirencall... don't exclude Canada... Canada was [unofficially of course] the 4th largest contributor to the Iraq invasion [behind USA, UK, and Australia] [to this day our Liberally compliant media have kept it under wraps]
Those that are still alive. Many don't make it.
But how do you get them reading? And particularly fiction? Adult men don't read fiction any more. This has been a feature of North American society for quite a while. If the adult males don't read, how will the boys be convinced to do so?
Interesting you invoke Diefenbaker who came to power because the Liberals pushed through the Transcanada pipeline with undue haste. According to the National Post young Trudeau is about to do the same with the same line.
I do not think the article is badly written at allIt makes some interesting points that are well thought-out.
I can assure you that the folks who live in the Annex and the Beach are wealthier than those who voted for Ford in Etobicoke. Your argument isn't credible.
I wonder if reality will end up sucking for Trump supporters in the same way it ended up sucking for Brexit supporters...
> since Confederation the Liberals have won the most times > > > you are right, it needs to be more fair
You forgot #10....Serve and Protect NOT Protect and serve
I knew it. It's all Harpers fault.
Where do you people get your facts? A 100 year gas glut?
Or just forget about the whole thing.
Sometimes the comments are better than the article!
thriving parrties would have moved Harper into retirement and would never have picked Trudeau. Local candidates are very weak at all three levels of government.
Breaking! Ontario is broke.
WASP mentality is superior but unfortunately Toronto no longer has that mindset. Instead we have a lefty, apologist, socialist weak mentality that has forgotten about willpower and principles.
For Ron from Halifax, NASA not Nassau.
except that she blames obama
Let's see if I understand you correctly. 2 earners at $40k each make a middle class family, but one earner at $80k makes a rich family? In my mathematical world, they are both worth $80k. So, what is it now, middle class or rich?
This is totally off topic, but Gore was the prime sponsor of legislation in the eighties that helped create and finance arpanet, the predecessor of the internet.
It is getting very tiresome, at the very least.
That Edward V11 decided to 'fornicate with an American Divorcee' hardly makes him unique. American divorcees have been mattresses for the world for ages.
Regardless of whether marijuana is legalized or not I still can't how sucking smoke from burnt vegetation into your lungs, whatever the source, can in any way be healthy.
Waiting that long will be too late! The bill approving 'cap & trade' passed in the Ontariowe legislature last week.
Dream on! This won't happen as the world will not be able to work together on such an effort.
Yes, they will.
Our society underestimates what a dangerous drug alcohol is.
The fall of Ramadi in Iraq, ISIS holds more than half of Anbar province, including the city of Falluja in large areas and controlling area the size of UK in ME.
luv2ski: Apparently you do. Maybe just stay in the 'life' section, or maybe fashion etc.
This is really, really, poor from Yakabuski. I can't imagine another newspaper that would publish such a weak analysis.
robo-cons fish for votes using telephone line and bait in the form of cash.
There is absolutely zero integration with the local community on the part of the religious people in question, as pleasant as the men can be on an individual basis. I don't see why they should be pandered to.
Drug addiction is a malady, so compassion is warranted.
Does the G&M think that its readers are such fools that they need a chortling bunch of servile partisan hacks telling us who to vote for. People can make up their own mind. It's called democracy and the media should not allow it to be for sale.
Uh, this was a provincial election result, remember.
you had me at nanny state nirvanaspeaking of flatulent cowshow does it feel to be part of the harper herd?
Who the hell is Morronisy?
Who suggested that prospective immigrants do NOT have the right to opinions about Canada?
We have public input. It's called an election.
Trump: 'Nobody has more respect for women than I do.'And then, later intercepts Hillary on another subject: Trump: 'Such a nasty woman.'
Intent - the great 'get out of Justice free' card. The focus on intent erodes citizens respect for the law - justice not seen to be done is not done.
Let's hope Albertans go high--above ignorance and intolerance.
How do you propose digging up that financial root?
Dream on. Two years is still way off. Polls done now are all but meaningless. Wait for it
Putin will lie to the end. Even when they come for him in his bunker.
Both you guys must have some crystal balls to predict who could or could not have been president due to influences. Can you please use that ball to announce the lotto max numbers for us, better yet just me.
and a generation ago there were no million dollar houses
SO - they are no doubt true, same for everybody else of his cohort.
Mr. Harper is certainly a shrewd operator and is likely to win one more election no matter who is leading the Liberals.
No doubt because a Conservative government, which you endorsed and suggested we all vote for, would have done that.
Right wing governments created this mess. You want more?
It would seem that Globe readers - from reading this response to Doug's story - are the most easily misled on the planet.
The Ford brothers seem to see Toronto City Council as their own fiefdom. How scary. Hopefully those voting will send both Doug and Rob packing.
There is the Canadian Aboriginal Business Council.
One might add that as a group, young males, regardless of race or religion, are associated with increased violent behaviours. That's why North America was far more dangerous in the early 70s than it is today.
The middle-aged, heterosexual white male is the only person in society whom it is entirely safe to ridicule. I sense a little uneasiness among those who do not fit this description and who now find said male fighting back.
Forget the inquiry. Just stop this nonsense.
So, you're comparing a depressed high school kid, to someone who has to pull a deceased little child out of a vehicle wreck.
You may burn in hell for your hate too.
no, help more. please
dude, im a Conservative making an argument that the CPC will win the next two elections with majorities. Perhaps you comprehension of writing is an issue here. Reread the comment, and save yourself a little dignity.
How would the findings of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission, the findings of which open this article, apply to any other group of people in Canada? And btw - race is a social, not biological, concept.
And you believe him.
My son has ADHD and has trouble focusing - Class Dojo is a visual and friendly reminder to him to keep trying harder to focus! Please inform yourself prior to making comments.
He's been one of the Liberals leading cheerleaders in the Globe, but less so now (and deservedly so). If you think he's been overly critical of the Libs, you should read Margaret Wente and John Ibbitson
Then why do you guys never post actual quotes ... ?
Sorry, that should be La Loche.
The analysis here is just over a month old and generally supports LPB... www.realclimate.org/index.php/archives/2013/06/yamal-and-polar-urals-a-research-update/
But Trudeau's Quebec dominated cabinet thinks nothing about shutting down all oil and gas in Western Canada.
Not the Alliance, You may call me "Not the Liberals".
nice pre-amble- but scrap the heavy oil export anyway
you mean like native communities?? or the oppression of women from the middle east by making them wear full face coverings
I've been here several years and this may very well be the most 'inappropriate' opinion piece I've ever read. My first reaction on reading this was strangely, that I felt sorry for Canadians.
It is very telling that all politicians must be fluent in French but not English. Dione cannot speak English.
Exactly the paragraph that says it all.
The lib-left anti-Semitism raises its ugly head. Left to their own hideous devices, it's not long before the leftists' ugly anti-Semitism shows up.
Trudeau was the 'man' to beat only because of his last name. Had it been Smith or Beaudoin he would never even have had a sniff.
Universities are becoming laughable cesspools of radicalization.....which is why a great many university degrees are pretty much useless.
Most of the liberal governments in Canada were not bad, PET was a economic disaster .
I don't think it's beside the point at all. Imagine the prospect of Linda McQuaig sitting on a Mulcair front bench and tell me that would not be much, much worse.
We have to look at the root cause of radicals, extremist and deviant criminals: religious indoctrination of children.
No, he isn't.
''Trustworthy and independant''.....Iike Marc Mayrand? I believe he has weighed in already.
The did the sum and total of S.F.A. in Rwanda.
"Tu quoque" is _always_ the best defence....
I was going to give you a thumbs up, but then saw your handle. Can't agree w anyone espousing that view. Pass. C.
LOL... BS of the day winner
In a democracy, people get what they deserve more often than they get it right.
uh, her supporters vote for her. Why is that a paradox for you?
Kindly show where there is any context at all.
Well, they'll boost hydro rates and as we saw removing payment for e-testing, theyslapped another tax in other areas. The Liberal shell game never ends.
Give more rights to animals - such as?
Looks like she had a number of valid points especially in light of yesterday's attacks in Brussels. All these Quebec politicians plugging their ears and saying "I can't hear you !" were the ones who ended up looking like edjits.
Yes because that is how it is wielded sooooo often. Uh huh.
Mr Studly, violent crime went through the roof... in the USA. Crimes rates in Europe are WAAAAYYYY below that in the USA. Who pays you to write this crap?
This truthful report will hurt the dipper brigade and you will be painted with orange glow.
Oh if it were only so easy. Beijing wants to host the winter Olympics in 2022 (that is not a typo). What are they going to do, build a mountain?
Canada ranks as one of the worse countries when it comes to vacation time. Leave the banked sick days alone.
What a load of Conservative crap... Quebec is going NDP or Liberal... watch for the Liberal surge... or the Orange wave...
We are seeing fascist tendencies and behaviours in our government, but its so hard to believe that it is happening to us, to Canada, that we will just continue to be in denial.
Sorry Earthman cannot agree. Mr Rae has never been 'just' anything unlike your comment which is just foolish.
Maybe Harper will strip the Egyptian of Canadian citizenship. Then he is no longer Canada's problem. [Similar for dual Chinese citizens accused by China of terrorism.]
Because its racist, homophobic, xenophobic, bigoted, mysoginst, and whatever other useless term is in these days lol
Curious as to what you think a 'socialist' is?
You either privatize or not, we now have proof
The Toronto police should probably also monitor about half of Roger's cell phone customers.
They're tender flowers, not suited for this harsh, cruel world...
Best immigration policy: Student visa(self funded) -->Work Visa(Pvt Sector) --> PR --> Citizenship. This is a long, well-earned, tested-for-social-integration and unburdened-on-social-services route.
The terrorist calls himself Harper.
For Thor's sake, lighten up!
Ironically a couple of the changes Mrs T tried to implement in the UK was profit related pay so workers got an automatic share of company profits plus greater worker participation as per the Third Directive. The TUC said no thanks.
Face it. Kevin O'Leary is Canada's Donald Trump, just without the hair!
I'm not allowed to go anywhere without my leash on.
No. The Liberal candidate wins by default.
Not to mention announcements in the morning where they tell the students that we are living first nations land!
Harper is correct on insisting that the niqab must not be worn when taking the oath of citizenship.
Thanks, and it's partly a post born out of pure and utter frustration that we are actually still having this argument in 2014.
This is exactly the kind of hyperbole that the article refers too. Can't you see that?
''They are incapable of learning to act better.''That's crud, buddy. My dog can roll over now.
No -- that is not the 'end of story'. 'Buffon' is how he is characteristically painted by the leftist media, but it is a complete distortion of who he is and what he stands for.
They are called judges for a reason #cdnpoli Are there lawyers going voting for Harper in Oct?
Heard all about it, David. Knew about the residential school horrors years before, too. My question is, NOW WHAT? Based on the evidence, some of which is supplied here by Mr. Simpson, the answer may be, NOT MUCH.
Darryl - we now have 12 years of Ontario Liberal policy as proof that 'spending to oblivion with zero oversight' is a HORRIBLE plan that Does. Not. Work.
Yup....it's exactly the same thing....
Congradulations Redrider you have the bottom 4 comments on this board. Never seen a 4 time looser before.
Looks like the revisionist style in the USA.
Not only that it has cost him hundreds of thousands in legal fees that he can't ask for in costs. That is what is wrong with out legal system. Accused found not guilty should be awarded costs.
You do that, JC12345. I might simply reply that my words were in reply to five 5 allegations from you that my polite comments were dishonest. I think people will understand.
enough already LRT battle is lostLRT is bloodied, wounded, on death's door stepgive it a restlet LRT RIP
Isn't it convenient for Wente et al to condemn fishermen for using EI to supplement their seasonal industry and in the same breath seek to deny them the right to harvest seals, one of the only sources of income available to them in winter?
Of course, since he earns a hefty salary moonlighting as a Liberal PR hack.
What a nice guy, how thoughtful of him! Lets go bigger, lets give him the Nobel Peace Prize.
Where is the CRTC when we need them most?
'Lie back and think of England' as the saying used to be...
Another in a long line of columns by Simpson that simply dump on the CPC. Little imagination and not much of a writer.
why only female admirers? what about gay admirers?
Do you kick little old ladies too?
Trump hasn't paid any taxes.
That depends. Are you occupying a storage compound and ignoring an injunction to disperse? If so, then I presume the RCMP will send enough people to disperse you.
You have absolutely no idea what you are talking about. I'm not sure if you're trying to be funny or you're just insane.
There was a guy in Hawaii yesterday who survived an attack by a Tiger shark while he was spearfishing. Then, just to tempt fate, he took a selfie of his mauled leg. Talk about living dangerously!!
Bellmare, Just because they don't call, doesn't mean they're not listening...
firstly, the Question has to be clear, objective and unambiguous, secondly, both sides have to properly and fully informed about the issue.. Typically one of both conditions have not been present in many referenda.
very well said, I don't have patience to talk truth to blowhards like Saunders.
United States is broken no ethics, morals, transparency, Lies, corruption, list goes on good entertainment though. LOL!!!!!!!
What a ridiculous 'endorsement', if you can call it that. Weasel words. You should be embarrassed.
thank you for the dose of reality, it's rarely found in these posts
Because gays make up a large segment of the priesthood? Because sexual predisposition, by definition, does not appear only in certain categories of faith ?
This isn't a rail problem. It isn't an oil industry problem. It is entirely a federal policy problem, and is emblematic of the failure of the harper government to put the public interest ahead of their narrow political priorities.
'Russia appears to be the only country that sent food and household supplies to the civilians.'? Comrade, western countries have sent 100's of millions of dollars in aid to Ukraine. Meanwhile Russian troops continue to violate Ukraine's sovereignty.
Laughably biased!
Typical meaningless rant. How do government figures 'do nothing,' while at the same time 'block all attempts at finding solutions,' and 'perpetuate the situation'?
Yes 7% in the 1950's vs 27.7% in the 2012.
As usual you missed the point. Trump and Clinton are playing by different rules. He gets to be a the new guy in town that everybody wants to watch and she's old news unless she's tripped up. Women are held to a much higher standard.
Oh boy....if anyone has any doubt about colonialism being alive and well in this country, look no further than this original post. At the root of articles like the latest MacLean's expose, are opinions like this.
After all, life is about being popular - especially with the young!
Baa-haa-haa - capture the hearts and minds of Canadians? B.S. they are sticking to the middle - trying to tick off as few people as possible with this joke of a carbon pricing plan that will do nothing to curb emissions.
Well, I see the usual Trudeau crowd still hates the truth.
$130,000,000.00 (taxpayer $) divided by 657 jobs = $197,869 per job. Let's keep cutting.
They're now in full panic mode. You wanna know how many posts that I have had pulled in the last 24 hours, Duke ?I am not even a biased Trumpatista like you.
That's called wishful thinking, not a prediction.
Government union control over and taxation of marijuana sales. This will succeed where the war on drugs failed. MJ wont be cool to use anymore.
You are incorrect. The firearms act does not require non restricted to be in a locked room. Maybe you should re read it before you post your B.S
Know what I love about Quebec? They know a self-serving ideologue power-tripping phoney when they see one.
'Nk is actually pretty much like the old Tibet.'=================Is that the official line that the dictators in Beijing are taking? Gearing up for another Chinese invasion, eh?
Yet you're still here! Why?
Isn't there a bowge in the Inferno for panderers? You lick the boots of cowardice.
Appalling level of commentaries on this issue.
Sajjan would be impressed by France's Nuclear power Aircraft carrier. I am.
But no citation.
How quaint. A 'progressive conservative'. I thought they were fossilized by now.
No... decent, law abiding Hispanics and legal US citizens want to keep out the Mexican criminals invading their USA... and messing things up for all Latinos.
Nanos designs polls to look good for the Liberals, because it sells better to the liberal press. The polls that don't look so good for the Liberals almost always go unreported. Voters are tired of this game, Mr. Simpson. Cheap journalism.
@ RichardIt ain't rocket science. Literally. Hard to post a link but google a NASA paper 'Propeller and Propfan Noise' by B. Magliozzi (lead author).The basics are there for you to enjoy.
As with Margret Thatcher, the time has come for Our Leader to be sent on the way to a sinecure in Calgary.
Like wearing hideous lipstick? 'Hey everybody, look at me!'
Doubt it. If Trudeau did that, there would be a full scale mutiny of his supporters. Not going to happen.
We're $168 billion deeper in the hole after Harper so I'll take my chances with Trudeau, thanks. Looking at the polls, almost 50% of Canadians support the Liberals.
All sounds excellent... now who do you think has the nerve to do that?
Yeah, well, BC - with the many and varied moves Cons make to manipulate voters into believing some untruth about them, you should not be surprised. BC 'Liberals', anyone?
Maggie consistently nails it! great article.
Rifleman: Sunnis and Shiites hate each other more.
Thank you for your courage, and for the beautiful article. The thoughts and prayers of millions of people around the world are with you.
McCarthyist through and through, a relic form the past.
Armies with high level of Pre Traumatic Stress Disorder opt for peacekeeping. Tough armies go for real fight.
I think they should quadruple the number of places in med schools.
PACs are not truly third-party arms-length organizations. That is the problem.
I wonder what Christopher Hitchens (whom I respect), friend of the Kurds and supporter of the Iraqi invasion, would have to say if he were here.
Now that's funny. No wait. That's hilarious! Do you mean Brad Wall, the Grant Devine acolyte? The Brad Wall who was drinking buddies with the Devine gang? That Brad Wall?
It takes less time and money to cook at home - really. Try it.
So Jack, you can't 'suffer' opposing views, though Wente seems to have given you yours... but one day you might realize that you don't have to 'suffer' this online journal, because you don't have to read it.
...............Sure they have..
Creating a system that has overpriced electricity by tens of billions of dollars and then forcing Ontarians to heat their homes with it is the epitome of damaging, dumb, government oppression.
Good reply
Turkey will probably have to do what it does not want to. Invade Syria and Northern Iraq and become The de facto rulers of those lands.. Not the Caliphate ISIS had in mind but Turkey does have the forces to do it ,but the will...?
The NDP numbers were already dropping before the 'niqab issue'. Nobody cares about Bob Rae's NDP in Ontario any more; it was almost 30 years ago.
Agree - rules of Geneva Convention would apply, end of problem. For the politically correct crowd we could exercise the "Not withstanding" clause !
It must be frustrating when your attempt to turn your pretentiousness back on me backfires so badly. Tsk.
Right here
Christian, Jewish, islam are the death religions. You have to die to reach heaven.
Not really, the G&M has become quite fluent in double-speak...
Cons can't.
You mean to actually come up with more than the 5 dollars he has in his own pocket?
You have left out by far the most important thing of all. They are not located in the middle of nowhere. Virtually every 'successful' reserve is fairly close to major populated areas.
young people nowadays have no concept of good manners anymore
Spoken like a true chickenhawk.
We're all too busy working to watch television.
Next up: Charlottetown.
You think Saunders cares?
Harper increased the national debt by 20%. So what is your point?
Do you really expect people to read your book? Give us the Coles notes.
Attempting a record are you?
Cowering in fear? Don't you have the wrong country here?
My lord, you are certainly concerned with other people's bums. Obsessively so even. What's the old Shakespeare line, 'the lady doth protest too much, me thinks.'
Maybe the thumbs down are for poorly-written and executed irony
If you could somehow remove the link between international conservative movements and faith in various forms of religious dogma, your argument might be more persuasive.
I think you may have stopped reading after the first paragraph. The initial example is an illustration from the US, but the rest of the article is squarely focused on Canada.
Then by all means please move to Denmark. I pay enough in Ontario as it is. How government mismanages it, is their problem. There is more than enough collected here, way more than it should be, the issue is how it's spent.
Haven't heard Putin throwing about the 'Why he just like Hitler' bit of incendiary nonsense.
You can only please some people sometimes.
Very sensible observations and to the point. thanks!
Neither the Libs nor the NDP have the fortitude to campaign on shutting down the oil sands, tar sands, whatever. So the point is pretty much mute. Plain and simple it is not going to happen no matter who is in charge.
Pipelines are free? Who knew? Not me, and I worked in that industry for a long time.
Mikey:'typed like the true racist you've proven to be'As our friend rcalon replied to my post below: 'It's not racism if its the truth'.We'll leave it at that.
I am sure that the Ukraine thought that Crimea was settled too!
Every point I listed is well documented and true. Google any one of them and see for yourself !! It's not my fault Stephen Harper has been such a dishonest and disreputable Prime Minister that the list is so long.........
Stop it. Everytime there is a climate change you trot out basically the same nonsense.
Assisted suicide ought to bring into sharp focus societies' role ensuring that all that can be done is done for the living protecting the sanctity of life.
I for one welcome the apocalypse. All the interesting people will be left behind.
In effect, you just said that the Liberals have no idea what they are. I agree.
Canada was an embarrassment under Jean Chretien and Paul Martin. Sucking up to the dictators in Iran.
Perhaps Mr. Guy only said he would he tell the 'truthiness' not the 'truth'On the other hand, was that a copy of George Orwell's '1984' (a real book, not on his i-Pad for plausible deniability) in his briefcase?
So the future will be a white line nightmare where men are battered and broken for a tank of juice?
...you might want to start with Quebec's religious Aparteid...
Such is the Harper legacy - removal of your right to private matters. It is my contention, Harper has to be removed from office.
Safe bet! Neither do Canadians .
Mick991 - dunno about that, the part time never worked spoon fed "economist" from the Uof Calgary is a pretty dim bulb. Often seen at synagogue or temple, tying our foreign policy into Israel's and posing for the ever ready cameras.
Take a good look at the EU. Let's not...
Because the citizens of Toronto have been paying for the benefits of the rest of Canada since Confederation
It wasn't about the content but about offering a change in tone. And also a really terrific idea to get free publicity and new clients if you're a Toronto ad agency
Well, Jack, that may be true. But he was dead on the money with his remark about Harper. And for good measure, I'm in full agreement with him.
Yup, the average Canadian is trying to hold their heads above water and there is Harper pushing down on his head and Flaherty tugging on his ankles.
...chirp chirp chirp.......How about making sense yourself.
Wow this makes our military hang-wringing look like child's playJapan has one of the biggest economies in the world - to not have a proper military will make them a huge target from Trump (and probably rightly so)
As Jenny McCartman might say, "Respect my celebritah!"
GOOD TO SEE GARY MASON OFF THE BC POLITICS FILE and back talking about a sports related topic that he can handle...
Yeah, Yonge and Bloor, the centre of Western Civilization.
Commenting in public is not without restrictions, otherwise that is libel.
Really? And so it's either a detached flower child or a bully?
I thought this nut bar had lost his legitimacy to comment about anything. Apparently not for the G&M.
So true Mark
Well van, as long as you keep it metaphorical.
Strange....the enlightened are always touting "science" at the drop of a hat which, the new "faith."
I suppose, in that vein, we do have the example of Kevin Page, whose previous job was to provide macroeconomic policy advice to the Prime Minister.
LOL. You are completely out of touch with reality. Why don't you check who was the ruling party of the day when women got the right to vote in this country.
Always that same old mistake. Pariseau didn't say 'Money and ethnic votes' He said Money and SOME ethnic votes. And that was an absolute sociologic truth.
If praying really works, why are the Leafs so bad?
'The Monarch represents over a thousand years of dedicated service to Country and Commonwealth.'Clearly you have never read or studied English history.
They have the same rights to life and security of the person as you do.
thats it. I'm done reading this stupid rag. Signing off FOREVERBYE
Sounds like we are graduating brain washed sheeple !
Brilliant, Magaret! Thank you for telling it as it is, you brave one.
Shut TF Up a hole
They cost the same no matter where we keep them !
www. youtube.com/watch?v=G0ZZJXw4MTA
Not if this Tyee article is correct. http://thetyee.ca/Opinion/2015/07/20/Harpers-Tories-Winning-Bet/
Harper cannot, WILL not give up the postal code H0H 0H0. Geez, the only thing little Harper in his pre wig days liked about Canada was NORAD tracking santa across the north!
The chances of this pipeline happening are about as good as Christy Clark never going through another red light.
But he is allowed the choice, presently.
War would be a treaty violation. I hope that the federal government takes note and suspends payment o any 'nations' that violate the treaty.
...NO! Former Comrade Harper sold his Arab friends ALL the arms they need behind the Canadian peoples backs!
hahahahaha fear mongering 101
You've got to wonder where Rob Ford would be if he hadn't inherited money? Probably working at some minimum wage job, because he doesn't have the education, the intelligence, or the social skills for anything else.
Thank you, nice to have company.
What a miserable racist screed. There are lots of first nations communities run by capable, forward looking band councils. If you lifted you eyes out of your own prejudices, you would be able to see that.
Which is the core argument of Donald Trump.
What if during the discussion most people want to stick with FTFP. Should that not be an option or has it been decided those who want to keep the system should be ignored.
Good for him!
You weren't trying to be ironic when you chose a screen name, were you?
Hey Lament Cranston, Get over it...the turnip truck left Ottawa with Stephen Harper on it back on October 19, 2015. He's been hiding in his Calgary basement bunker ever since.
The problem with registration is that then the government would know where they all are.... which kind of defeats the primary point.
The mainstream media of North America would not have the temerity (anatomical apparatus) to print it today.
That is not a ring. It is a knell.
will take me. But scrapping Bill C-51 would be a great start.
What a pant load.
What a flimsy editorial built around a one-line quip that exactly characterized PM Stephen Harper's behavior and the idea that Canada has to do airstrikes because so many others are.
and fewer car salesmen, lawyers and SFU dropouts
Did I say we should aspire to be like a Muslim country? Good golly, your attempt at sarcasm makes no sense.
djw the elderly that live in the country chose to live there. I refused to buy a house in a new subdivision because I knew I couldn't cope with that if I was 80 and didn't drive.
But wait, what do doctors know? My Facebook friends say that marijuana is good for everybody, so doctors should stay out of the way. Even Dr. Jenny McCarthy and Oprah agree.
Hugh, Your premise is wrong as well as your conclusions but they fit neatly with your ingrained biases, though. Do some research. Read the article I posted above.
Um - if we already have life imprisonment, as you yourself write, who is it who is howling at the moon?
Any evidence beyond Bronze Age mythology?
Well put. Part of the problem consists of the attitudes of 'get rich quick' and 'privatize the social wealth as quickly as possible' that prevail in much of western Canada.
No the most destructive force on earth is ignorance.
A very compelling argument. I wish people like Selinger in Manitoba could get these fundamental facts through their thick skulls.
Dictatorship is not in style in Canada, sorry Bud.
Maybe no pipeline is what's right for Canada? I'm not in favour of exporting any non renewable resource. If the pipeline is for Canadian consumption of petroleum products, does the risk and cost out weigh importing oil?
Matt, it's hardly the Queensberry Rules out there. I suspect that each party will 'besmirch' the honour of our democracy over the next few months. Let's not be naive. C.
Nonsense. And naivel utopian at a junior high level. Explain how the adminstration of law can be a anything but biased towards the culture, and cultural values, inehic it exists. And why, in general, you would want it any other way?
If anyone has a way to find and destroy these tunnels without harming anyone, please speak up. Otherwise let IDF finish the work.
I believe the whole Parliament in Canada gave him a standing ovation saying, "4 more". Well maybe not a few con hold outs. But still that is the expression he gets wherever he goes, too bad you choose to revise that suit your feelings.
Actually November 11th is Veterans Day in the US. It is obvious by your comment that you live in Ontario. Enjoy going to work on Tuesday!
Neither does Gordon's article.
Life is not a Clint Eastwood movie.
Well I disagree with your premise that the world is not a nasty place. Need proof watch the news.
Password protect your mobile devices and, if possible, encrypt your data. You're under no obligation to give Police your passwords. Let them get a warrant. Go Blackberry!
Eisenhower was lining up to call it the 'military, industrial and academic, complex' TWF, ( I kid you not) but was dissuaded by advisers on the grounds that the academics would spend the rest of their lives pillorying not just Ike but the party.
Actually the "seig heil" depicts exactly the opposite. Free speech encompassing hate speech.
The politically, and grammatically, correct term is women, which is a noun, not females, which is an adjective.
Poor women. You just wave money in front of them and all that hard fought for freedom of choice vanishes out the window. They're like Pavlov's dog I guess.
ignorance by you means you are unfit to post on these stories
Note in addition: I don't know where the G&M would be without the excellence of Elizabeth Renzetti and Doug Saunder's journalism, but I know I wouldn't be keeping up a subscription. Keep up the good work, Liz (and Doug).
Get rid of Sugar, Salt and get off your Butt -
Muslim radicalism is just the cause-du-jour.If baby seals, abortions or toxic gas wells were in the news as much, we would see these people adopting those causes instead.
It's about paying the true cost for using carbon and the long-term goal is changing behaviour - and it has to start somewhere. And it will happen.
How can one work with 'silly'?
'con-serve-yourselves'How correct, smart, and witty!
Let the de-re-engineering of Canada begin.
Stop asking me to subsidize your fuelish lifestyle. I'd rather spend the money myself.
Your clear thinking has apparently deserted you. Mandatory carriage is unrelated to the issue of government subsidies. Keep up.
Wow, TO must be an interesting city, full of bile and incoherence. Your opinions of your fellow citizens have nothing to do with the scientific evidence for global warming.
That's great but you didn't address the point of the article. A ban is a ban. And some people do object to 'the kind of spanking that goes on behind closed doors in the bedrooms of our nation'. You see it right here in the comments.
Gee no hacks here...
BINGO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
His hair might look better...
for israel not for us
There is, or can be, an implied physical threat in men's verbal harassment of women -- that's why the standards are different, whether some guys here can see it or admit it (or not).
'Metrolinx is stubbornly pinning the blame on poor signage and low public awareness' I am very aware of the service and the price tag and will never use it. 10-15 is the right price.
Wait till the next round of polls comes out.
Please list your values, and how they contrast to what you believe are "conservative" values...
Compare his treatment to that of Dennis Oland, in New Brunswick who was given kid glove treatment because of his wealth.
Why can you all not have dialogue with those you disagree with without resorting to nasty namecalling and slander? It's fascinating to me.
Agreed ALB, revolution might be too strong a term ....but it makes for a catchy line, right?
BS - The current administration in Iran has been very active in spreading terrorism all over the world and has repeatedly said it would nuke Israel when ever it could.
DB pensions are not guaranteed by the taxpayer, they are guaranteed by the plan. TYhe plan manages that guarantee through their investments and by adjusting benefits (such as indexing) in order to fund the plan.
The Right: Always more than willing to be dishonest!!!
I don't know 214 but the G&M just said she was unethical.
Much of Asia did - certainly 1939-45, TW. Who are you excluding ?
'I can't say I've really heard anything about it.'It started with Mulcair, and a good many others have joined in - especially on these boards. Even the Liberals have accused him of putting alloys eggs in one basket. Kind hard to miss
Here, here. And to quote Jerry Garcia from 'Truckin'' - 'all a friend can say is ain't it a shame.'
I worked in surgery for a number years and not one surgeon I worked with was willing to get vaccinated..
So mirrors are for women only? Guys who like to look at male bodies are not men? Oops, I used question marks. That was a mistake. I'm not asking. Please don't explain.
We really need to change the channel and elect a new government.
I wonder how happy the Royal Bank of Canada is about being implicated in the cover-up scheme. Puffy should change banks methinks.
A loincloth without a pinataA lampshade without a lifeguardA rose wood without an earringA manuscript without a door mat... www.youtube.com/watch?v=dcLGIVNABPM
Kendzior is notorious for this kind of deliberate mis-reading of the facts. Google 'jacobinghazi' and get ready to sit back and laugh
Not enough selfies.
Remember this is the Globe that wanted the Harperless conservatives re-elected.They still can't quite admit that the Liberals won- and the conservatives, as we have come to know them lately, are toast.
the Globe is out to lunchthere needs to be a wringing out of bad debt and house prices need to return to realistic levels otherwise the long term prospects for the economy are bleakwhat is wrong with these editors?
And more so the glee in Eastern circles that Alberta is in an economic downturn.
Right, because Indian immigrants are keen to read about Indian issues in Canadian newspapers, particularly those critical of them?
I hope everyone noticed the G&M front page littered with 'ActionPlan2013' banners. That tells you everything you need to know about the posture of this paper. They have to get their full measure of the propaganda budget to stay in business.
Nexen has 80% of it's properties outside of Canada. Did you have any point in your diatribe?
During the election, the CPC aired advertisements with the caption 'Just not ready'.I put that off to hyperbole ... but wow ... they were spot on.I have never seen a group of such inept amateurs more interested in the 'self' governing this country.
And this make your politicians different than any other politician how?
Awe, you need to read Sec 1 & 33 of the Charter, they both allow government to nullify The People's Constitution.
Please tell us that you don't teach our children!
I have to assume that this is sarcasm.
Here is the Liberal record on Finances... As finance minister under Jean Chretien, Martin erased a $42 billion deficit, recorded five consecutive budget surpluses, and paid down $36 billion of national debt. go Justin go...
There is absolutely no evidence of increased melting of Arctic ice. In fact this year ice extent is the same as in 2006. http://ocean.dmi.dk/arctic/old_icecover.uk.php
And how exactly is Mr. Black allowed to have a job here in Canada? This runs contrary to the certificate that allows this convicted felon to liven in Canada. Mr. Black should be deported. October 19th, 2015 is coming closer, one day at a time...
Because they don't squawk as much on 'sin' taxes.
You have a very odd idea of what constitutes honesty.
I disagree... does that mean it wasn't indisputable
'Tyranny of liberalism'?Hyperbole much? We just lived through 9 years of the tyranny of a one-man government - I'm willing to take my chances.
?mile Durkheim's classic study on suicide also dispels the myths presented in this article. Women attempt suicide multiply more times than men who suceed at it.
You're confusing 'visionary project' with 'complete fantasy'.Look-up 'line losses' for electrical transmissions systems. By the time you transmit power a few hundred miles, you've lost about half of what you started with.
Business people understand that Steve has to play to the people at election time - one of the bothersome aspects of liberal democracy from the beginning.
God forbid we should be allowed to keep our own money Frances.
The issue is whether the rights of citizens - those people who came before Conservatives relabelled them taxpayers and consumers - can be decided by political appointees.
Don't forget 'Hidin'' Hudak.
Parties do have core values. To say they don't is to say they are all the same, that Rachel Notley equals Jason Kenny equals Donald Trump. That is lazy cynicism. Why not just have a king who rules for life?
Apparently, the G@M moderator objects to the posting of the fact that Canada was built by Christian Europeans. Why else would the top rated post be deleted? There was nothing else that could have been found objectionable.
Yes, we definitely need more sand and more ostriches.
oh come on you guys are just paranoid because of Harper
Sorry, I don't buy it. I believe that Dolezal's motives were strictly like 'Grey Owl's'. It was done strictly for financial gain.
So the TPP was good when harper pushed it, but now it's bad?
remember 'wacky' should be the rallying cry against trumpkins and westelca.
"Love is seeing yourself in others." ~Eckhart Tolle
Rob Ford will not be attending any Transgender Paradei hear the mob shout 'Transphobic'more reason to hate rob ford
Except CETA is like NAFTA... our youth will get hosed further. These trade deals largely maintain the status quo for those currently in possession of all the money. CETA is not about fostering new opportunities for the youth!!
Off topic.
I wonder how much of Iggy's wealth over the years was spent on his, ahem, addictions...
The Liberal way: Ban what you don't like; and, Give money to those you do; and, Tax everyone else.
Is Wynn capable of doing this? Nothing in her background would say ' yes' .Toronto District School Board Entered politics to fight the deductibility of private school tuitions.. Harris hater. She will take a bullet before she chops jobs.
Only for disaster. No world experience, no ideas, no plan. Just an elitist windbag.
Russia should be booted out of the UN for its imperialistic attack on Ukraine.
It is quite likely that PM May will steer the ship back to the EU dock, albeit under a different flag of convenience. Getting past the politics of fear and prejudice, why would UK sever its own limbs for no reason?
Is an 'independent mind' at liberty to breach a 'sacred trust'? -- especially a Pope's. We'll see if Benedict XVI is capable of producing more theological masterpieces in the future.
I think the words 'multiplication table' is a sexually charged term and is entirely inappropriate for youngster's ears. I shall pull my kids from math class until this filth us addressed. And I'm not a zealot.
And now willfully stupid too, Lamont? You could always delete your classless post, but I suspect you're too stubborn for that.
Good one Tabatha! The issue is pathetic nonsense.
Yes indeed. There are demented paranoid psychopaths everywhere waiting to jump on our families. I'll try to make sure you don't get anywhere near mine.
Not the point. She was warned about the drug being illegal, but somehow failed to notice the warning. Then she used it while it was illegal. You are Russian, right?
Coronation means 'crowning of a Monarch' not a moron
Commies? What year is this? 1954?
Not in the Conservatives family. You are not part of them.
Agree with Swan !
Ah, that explains why this article only has 14 comments. Our comments are being 'reviewed' prior to posting.
So once again, cheating Cons win. Canadians have an absolute right to know what these Cons are before ANY FURTHER elections!
The fact is, Harper and his supporters are degenerates. Voters need to deal with them on that basis.
Horses are not becoming extinct
'Why do you think women are getting tired of men? Any ideas? No? Back to the mine with you!'-----------------------------It's good to see that some women are honest about the level of respect and compassion they have for men.
'it is there to be utilized'No - it is there because of some natural processes. Oh, wait - maybe God put the oil there for us?
What is a family first policy? Its just a tagline to hook suckers into believing no one else but the guy who's touting it can save you.
countrybumpkin, I see you're accustomed to manure shovelling.
Seems to me that Christians don't rejoice in the murder of others like Muslims do. You are comparing apples and oranges.
Yes you probably are bipolar.
I guess you missed the worldwide recession during Stephen Harper's terms? A recession during which the Liberals demanded even greater deficit spending by government; demands which Harper wisely resisted?
He's ready to lick every boots, arses and family jewels he can to win.
If people on the Ford executive really had the city interests at heart they would resign en masse forcing Mr Ford to do likewise. While there is no impeachment process, we have an Executive group who have the power to force a resignation from Ford.
The past lies like a nightmare upon the present... K Marx
That's why I say that any changes must protect us as a basic tenet.
Very illogical. Surely the authorities under proper protocals (case by case) have the right exercise a justified warrant - just as they could monitor a phone call or enter a house.
Yikes ...some pretty heavy editing here. I sure miss the Globe from 10 years ago.
This is an EXCELLENT IDEA. We all must do anything we can to tear down this parasitic, hereditary tyranny. It would be great if this lawful issue meant they would not be recognized in Quebec, that would be a great start to dumping them completely.
It's Harpers fault, or George Bush's fault, or George Bush before him.... It's one of their faults.
"Yes, it's sarcasm. I shouldn't use it actually, it's pretty hard to tell nowadays." Yours wasn't but yeah it sure is getting harder... scary.
thumbs down merely for pointing out a counter-argument! gotta love the open-mindedness... 
@GS Things seem to be different in your province. In BC the Boulevard is municipal property, and is located outside the area marked by the property line metal stakes. It is not an easement.
Please go to the Nutritional Sciences, University of Toronto, and talk to the 40 faculty professors. They might set you straight.
Agreed Stephen Harper has been giving Conservatives a bad name ever since he quit the Liberal Party.
The fact is that per capita over three times as many black Americans are killed by police as white Americans are. Who exactly is holding to the lies and untruths?
Perhaps liberals are using the term liberals incorrectly????
None of the things you mention are designed to kill if used in moderation. How do you use guns , which are designed to kill , in moderation? Shoot to wound?
So I guess it will be a while yet until they start issuing more $400 Prosperity Bonus Cheques (Ralph bucks).
Agree with Morningglori on the stupidity of Toronto and the GTA. The only reason the idiot was voted-in three times was because of the support he continued to receive from those regions. Toronto and the GTA are pathetic.
Well of course you voted for Ford.
It isn't a sickness it is a choice. They chose to start doing drugs, and now reap the consequences of their actions.
And we don't need another National Energy Program.
there are 57 countries of the Organization of the Islamic Conference why don't they do something to help? they will have fewer problems of integration in Muslim countries
Please elucidate. One is preaching hatred of 'the other'
Is that what's dragging the Americans down? Just wondering.
And their jobs depend on finding some CO2 "issues".
I miss your point?
I just gave you the link. Never said anything about it. That was the OP.
So you only stand up for your beliefs ( or for what is right) if you can win?
Canada has not had any terrorist attacks, so why worry now?
shortly there will be financial crisis to write about.
A dreadful piece indeed. Straight out of the ibbitson book of simplistic idiocy/wishful thinking.
At what cost?
Except for the single males at risk, them, well, not so much.
Remember Marion Berry? Busted smoking crack, did his time, and he got reelected. Nothing should surprise with Ford, present and future. By the way, for Windsor residents the US is to the north, and bad mayors are just a half mile away.
My reply to John Broadbent was deleted by the censors. Might be because I mentioned money.
Margaret, I completely agree with your perspective. The kids (and parents) of Ontario need information to help them deal with sex. it might make some of us squirm, but the information in the curriculum is age appropriate.
I have no idea why you read that in my post Eric.
Better dial back the laughing gas - that's just goofy.
maybe they should get in the closet with harper
Harper's appointed them all, I do believe.
We need a plan. Anyone here with a plan?
A 13-year old hasn't gone through puberty yet - get back to us in 10 years.
it's all the fault of the lizard people. Or the illuminati. Or... anyone else than yourself.
TO Looner Landerwhy are you using 'american style' and 'Americanize'with derogatory connotationswe have american style1. TV2. movies3. branch plants where we work4. prescription drugs5. popular music6. text books 7. sports teamsso ?
There are cases where invoking a Nazi metaphor are completely appropriate. Secret Police States where people are intimidated for thinking the wrong thing are one of them. I claim fair game here.
The Olympics should have permanent sites around the world to keep costs down ... maybe one site of Winter and Summer Olympics in North America, a set in Europe, and a set in Asia.
This, I don't know how it is in Latino and black communities. But in brown and what I can tell from the Asians. There is a lot of cooperation
http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2014-09-29/canadians-job-security-rises-to-highest-in-three-years.html
Joe, your rhetoric is about 30 years behind the times.
How can anyone disagree with you? Wow....
jumbo1290, she is an earnest, ideological environmentalist. she can be unfunny without being drunk.
Baird hasn't a clue, he does as he's told.
Having women talk about glass ceilings and woman power, I wonder what they mean by men being sexist?
The stupid detector is off the charts here!
I'm sure if you are part of the public sector, you are doing just fine. If you are part of the private sector, especially in the area of manufacturing your mileage may vary.
We get out of the middle eastern countries - ALL OF THEM - stay uninvolved and let them fight their own battles among themselves - to the death if need be.
John, if the bar is set as high as you claim for public service hiring, please explain how they end up with so many inexperienced hot shots whose job is nothing more than questionable policy making.
Hear, hear.
Thanks for the ignorant, hate-filled rant, Nick. After working extremely hard for thirty years, I'm currently enjoying my defined benefit teacher's pension, even as I write this.
Let's not go over that 'well-tilled ground,' please.
Maybe we should just sit down and try to reason with them
Keep shooting you may eventually hit something....
According to Junior it will pay off eventually...
Why is there no question , or why should there be no question?
Of course. In the age of social media, every PM will be the worst going forward.
Agree with you absolutely!
Death by gunshot per 100, 000:Canada 2USA 10
What possible reason is here for Canada to be involved militarily in the Middle East? Neutrality.
Shouldn't Traitor Trump be the most afraid, since he has openly invited an unfriendly foreign state to interfere in an American election?
Perhaps you would be happier somewhere less western then? Hmmm of course then you might not be able to safely post your comments in the media.
You really should get out more, more,more. Any others you'd like brought out of the crypt?
Harper cannot spell apologize let alone give one
Aristotelian Telos: Yeah, Ford is counterintuitive. His bluster give the impression to others that he's scatter-brained but he's the opposite.
If only that was the only thing the G&M got wrong.
Reaganomics will beat Marxist economics every time.
Are you in Junior High School?
When you no longer have control of your borders you cease being an independent country. Great Britain is an independent country once again.
How many lives did Black ruin when he raided the Dominion Stores pension fund? Many more than Khadr ever will.
Have to have something around to read. Whether it's Louis L'Amour or the Britannica. I'd go nuts otherwise.
Gee, Goodale picks the Liberals. How surprising.
To repeat: Where in my original comment did I challenge the court's decision? What I was challenging was the ignorant (unknowing, uneducated, uninformed) and armchair-lawyers who were so specific in their vicious anti-woman comments.
Then how come each month and each year is now reported as the hottest on on record. Don't you even read,
'There is no such thing as bad publicity' - Oscar Wilde
Stay on topic and 86 the loser 'tar sands' rhetoric. The developemnt of the 'oil' sands is economically better for ALL Canadians.
The same applies to murder: you're much more likely to be murdered by someone you know than by a stranger.
Exactly, SNN deserves better placement.
Which should come first though? And are we actually committing to defeating ISIS or are we committing to making it look like we're doing something? 'Whipping it out' as it were.
Why do you think poor people are happy? Is it the lack of running water, poor sanitation, no food, dismal prospects, or just general hopelessness?
Old is at least ten years more than your current age.
C1 : I see you didn't comment any further on chief spence being released after observation... I remember you saying my post that she was probably admitted for observation was simply not possible in today's' healthcare system... Apology accepted..
Proper governance is an issue too import to be left to politicians. Let the people decide.
And yet Ontario has the lowest crime rate......maybe there is a correlation here
"Fair Elections Act"
Investing in new businesses....like wind power where Liberal insiders profited and we are now being sued under NAFTA? Or bailing out US developers on wonky real estate deals....I think I would rather see the government NOT make investments.
What an ugly comment from Rmiller.
...and shutdown the catholic side completely! Now Margaret cover that one next week. It would save billions!
Yes because all those fields need harvesting in our 75-80% agrarian society these days...
It is ironic that the Premier of this Province who funds this duplication - which adds +$1Billion to the debt - would not be allowed to teach in a Catholic school because of her sexual orientation.
If 'the people' are insulting (see above), crude, destructive, rude, revenge-seeking, lazy, etc., etc., who wants to be in the centre with them? BTW, what is to be gained by turning the population against the police?
The only one with a disability is you.
A black hole of ignorance generates white lies of the snobs, and envy of the leftists.
Canadian history Harpooned.
Pam McConnell intentionally got in the way to make herself look like a 'victim' of the Mayor.
Oh... this is too delicious... sermons about Jesus and transformative leadership from Mulroney first thing on Monday morning!!!!!! Love it!!!Play it again Sam!
Picard wasn't talking about full, private health care. Instead, he's suggesting rethinking the mix of services.
Have you watched ' Clinton cash' yet ? Watch then comment on trump
Coyne struck the same note last week but it will fall on deaf ears among his base. Harper is among the biggest spenders the country has even seen.
I didn't know that Christy Clark wrote editorials for the Globe.
Every time I see those drama Queen adds of Justin. I send money to the Conservatives. Good job Conservatives, keep showing us how shallow Justin really is.
Trudeau will sink himself just like Dion and Ignatieff. Can you really see Trudeau doing well in the leader's debates against Harper and Mulcair? Be honest...
you just stay home in your gated home with cameras all around and be smug then!!!
@KalleJ: I think "facile" describes your reply.
What funds from the US?
Defining stupidity for all the world to see. She might even cause some erstwhile Trudeau supporters to choose someone else to vote for...
Agreed. In addition, Australia's real estate market is transparent, unlike the Canadian one. Each bidder knows what the other is offering to pay.
Have you not heard of proportional representation? The (defacto) closed two-party system in the US is certainly not a model for anyone!
After reading this piece it's no wonder Saunders has a job. And they wonder why newspapers are on their last legs.
A progressive, liberal Christian church was behind the movement to legalize same sex marriages in Canada (and many other parts of the world where as well). So, not all religions are created equal.
And the timing is unsympathetic to the victims.
Partially... the Pakistani immigrant, as well. Syrian, Jordanian, Iraq, Lebanese, ones, too. Honest, lawbiding, family orientated and wanting to work.
Fair point.
The prime minister (much less the cabinet) can not be elected directly because ours is a responsible government system. You'd have to change the constitution absolutely entirely if you wanted presidential-style elections.
Jack : you hit it on the head with the Kim Jong-un point..
Letting people make their own decisions hasn't been in the plans of most Canadian governments since the 60s.
Embraer and Bombardier are both heavily subsidized with government $.
BC is still paying into equalization.
You really have no sense of irony eh?Almost every post you make reeks of supercilious smugness and elitism.
All the fighters being considered are within the same price range.
Another "reach" Jack? or should that be retch.
usual leftie twaddle
So we should simply assume he is anointed? Brilliant.
Where is this info to be found? Why isn't it available to all?
Why not contradict. It was quite a spectacle! The director of communications is merely saying what his boss would like us to think. Hopefully the true facts facts will emerge.
The politically correct will dismiss this outright. But facts are facts.
Go hang out with your birther and anti vaxxer pals.
How long are the Trudopians going to blame Harper ?
Hillary Clinton has been looking into releasing her transcripts for paid speeches to Wall St. and other special interests for235 days 20 hours 23 minutes 52 secondsiwilllookintoit. com
Donald Trump is American. He reflects certain American values, not those of Europe. The nations of Europe-- even Germany and Austria-- are more accepting of foreigners than the current version of US Republicans ever will be.
Going to bet 95% of your readers have no idea what leave-to-appeal means, I am certainly not too proud to admit it.
well put! Alberta radical conservatism puts a dark stain on the Canadian national identity, in more ways than one.
Bill C-45 must be scrapped now.
TO Winstonalas the difficulty in this federation is not just Jews and Muslimsbut also between Sunni Muslims and Shiite Muslims
The 'Friends of CBC' activity before the last election sealed my opinion of that group.
In 2001 1/2 of USA's 1.5 million bankruptcy's were due to health care expenses.
There is no such thing or plans for an electric jet
I thought I was the only one thinking this. I'm sorry but when you name your daughter 'Rehtaeh' you've already pitched her one strike in the baseball game of life. What were they thinking? Sincerely, Dlo Yerg Regdab.
Darn. I read that joke and actually prayed to see someone named 'Mat' responding to you
So this article is saying that Harper should had a deficit this year with election in one month instead of last year with no election! This is the problem with liberal thinking it is not realistic, it is idealistic
The only people that are frightened of the Chinese military is the Chinese and your enslaved people....
You don't have to go to a 'family friendly' restaurant in Whistler to have this experience.
Canadian journalists were only an echo of the U.S. media on Dubya's excuses for going into Iraq. The NY Times thoroughly embarrassed itself. Jeffrey is being damned brave in writing this piece.
And for some in here, Praise Trump almighty from whom all blessings flow. In the name of the hot wife, daughter and unholy candidate.
Blocking comments on the plagiarist Wente's column? Zero class.
The NDP oppose it and are voting against it, while Trudeau and his Liberals say it is wrong and should be changed but they are voting for it.
Canada does not have Hindu terrorism problem? This evidence will disagree: http://pi.library.yorku.ca/ojs/index.php/topia/article/viewFile/35276/32927
And we will say it again-what it stands for is not congruent with Canadian beliefs and freedoms. The editorial board's altruistic approach to law is admirable however they are to dogmatic to see what hard fought freedom means-especially for women.
You are a bigger fool than the Quebecois. And I suspect that, due to your 'perspective', you understand history and appreciate it far less than many.
your an idiot
'Businesses see Ontario as a high tax,'Now there's a dishonest little piece of claptrap - you know it's not true, but you try to make a point from it to your advantage anyway. Is that you, Harper?
LPB's dog ate his homework and 'natural variability' ate his climate change.
It was the outcome that is necessary for the medical profession to maintain public trust.
maybe just to confirm your worst fears
GAR385 Less Americans voted for Trump than voted for Clinton. -------------- FEWER Americans voted for Trump than voted for Clinton. It would not hurt to bring back teaching grammar
'Let me tell you': I'd just as well prefer that you refrain.
And aren't you just salivating at the idea of getting some kid of revenge. I invite any race or culture that has never 'sinned' to throw the first stone...
so basically you're fantisizing about getting a legal reason to kill someone. You're a really nice person!
hmm.... Ontario contributes 9 billion a year more to Canada than it gets back. Go ahead and cut the equalization payments and just give us back oour money. We will be okay I thing.
80%? You are including a lot of not-really-white people in that number.
windmills and solar panels did not make sense at $ 100 barrell. At $ 30 the cost advantage for oil to generate electricity is huge.
Then we can take medicine out of the doctors hands and give it to the landscapers! You sir are brilliant!
Live and let live is very often wise counsel. But not always. Too many religious people have no compunction about imposing their views on others and they do real harm. This legislation from Indiana is a perfect example.
Why the NDP needs to keep Mulcair?s hand on the tiller' Let me guess. So when the time is needed he can engineer another timely loss? Bottom line? We need to disallow all political parties from selecting our nominees for Prime Minister.
Yep. I've been waiting to see if even one piece was written about the fact that the judge, crown, and defence attorney all believe Sona didn't act alone. Finally this article comes along.
Partisan nonsense, the crimes committed are the responsibility of the perpetraitor ....and yes this is criminal.
That is because they work with State and the Religious groups to promote their Collectivists agenda.
I know that you considered the question rhetorical but please do not provide the Prime Minister with any further ideas of how to undermine the opposition.
The only good to come from selling Hydro would be to break the union and end unearned oinky pensions. The public also needs to know Mr. Clarks compensation from the deal, and how big a dividend the stock would pay.
24% of Canadians are not atheists. Perhaps they are agnostics but not atheists. Atheism is a belief that there is no God. Agnosticism is uncertainty. There is a clear difference.
You have provided some simple facts. I have to wonder why someone would give a thumbs down to your post.
It is both interesting and relevant to consider the wording of the referendum that residents of Scotland will be voting on come Sept. 18 -- 'Should Scotland be an independent country?'
I think any gender needs a thick skin these days. Without that you are darn right awful and over sensitive to deal with. Sticks and stones and all that stuff
freedom of speech is under attack now
Did they not come to Canada because it was their choice? And that means to accept Canadian values.
How about harper government transparency first.
Agreed. The headline should never have had the question mark.
Simply put. It's not so simple!
Bill C-51 threatens the rights of all Canadians, period.
Why would anyone want to pour oil on the fire of Muslim alienation by recognizing Israel's illegal annexation of the Golan?
The more I read of your misogynist drivel, the more I realise that at best you are an apologist for rapists and sexual abusers and at worst you are likely one yourself (or at least you have that potential).
How many thousands more that were 'hyped' as the next big thing have you forgotten?
SHUT UP!!!!This looks like empirical research data....we know that's as unscientific as the Theries of Evolution and Relativity... Please write something that makes sense next time... ask for some input from the Cons caucus....they know what's what!
Not that you had any to begin with... but you lost all credibility the moment you said 'shill'.
A problem is the attempt to form the 'quasi-federal supranational State' by stealth, in the 'ever-closer union' principle. In this case, the frog may be jumping out of the warming water before it got boiled.
It's not a crime to ask a question. Just don't complain when you don't like the answer.
I lost my wife to bladder cancer four months ago, so I know whereof I speak. May the anti-euthanasia people never have to endure the last three months of her 'life' that I have witnessed, caring for her at home.
No, it's the Conservative supporters who are petty. Don't lump the rest of us in with them!!
Wally, please give it a break.
Yet his department recently referred to a tweet as a statement of Canada's position on an international event.
They should blend the Maple Leafs with the Argonauts and Blue Jays creating the Blue Argoloafscouldn't hurt right?
better soft on terror then soft on civil liberties.
Thou shall not kill is a pretty basic concept. Catholic hospitals are not going to allow this and if you decide to impose this , by ending funding then good luck with the chaos of closing down a large # of hospitals
A third party would result in a perpetual Democrat government.
The enlightened, progressive, evidence-based response: giving somebody else grief for being overweight. Because it's so on-topic.
Atlas has a thing for balls. Just ignore him.
Because the voters in Ontario inexplicably handed his successor another majority mandate, thus ending any chance of a thorough police investigation, perhaps?
I think it is time to read again Fear and Loathing on the Campaign Trail 72 by Hunter Thompson. Things may have been crazy then but compared to now?
... singular ?they? makes deep sense.=============================Except, there is no such thing as SINGULAR 'they' in English language. It's an oxymoron. So, no, it doesn't make sense to me.
Wild, you don't put a comma before ' but' in your context
Phew, for a minute I thought it was my computer that was messed up.
Congratulations, Wisteria, for being someone who votes looking through the windshield rather than through the rear-view mirror.
That is without question the best description of the Pierre Trudeau era I have ever read. It also fits in very well with his buddy Jean Chretien. Thanks for you eloquence.
Keep up the Good Work Mr. Martin....! The article seems to be right on and discusses the situation quite openly and even handedly......
No individual should be attacked or harassed for any reason, that's what most Canadians believe and act on.
as you read be aware that Parents of French immersion kidsare posting to protect their privileged turffull disclosure please
I think you're a little bit afraid of Rona.
From the article,'The province?s debt load could be viewed as a national concern.? I have written a few comments stating much the same thing, and why. It would be interesting to read an article expanding on that statement.
You haven't actually read the comments, then, Clod?
WOW- I can hardly believe that you are that critical of Mr. Harper- what happened ???
Then there are the protesters from that anti-gay Westboro Baptist church who are demonstrating at the funerals of some of the slain.'True Christian Love'
Within 3-4 years they will have 10 million additional Muslims (majority young men) in Europe. Think it might be spreading there too?
hey pal - stick with the topic if you can.
You don't understand how national economies work. That is a huge problem in Canada; the ignorance of so many voters. Could you please all read a couple of books, and stop getting your information from rightwing blogs?
There is no such thing as secular values. Maybe that's why?
Of course it's okay, what do think pro sports is all about? Naive comment.
Well written, well said, and right on. The man's a fool intent on revenge. But so are his followers.
This was under the authority of the US during the occupation of Iraq.
Brave editorial by the Globe. Thanks, well done. It's what we should expect of a free press. Though, given this government, becoming less free daily.
Got the link?
These days it's cool to spew hatred against white people. Thus the rather large number of hate pieces in the Globe. Tony Keller is just one more bigot, among many. This hate-essay should help his future journalistic prospects, though.
and Canada's economy under the Conservatives is the envy of the world.
Yeah, judges, the rule of law.....those commies. Now where is my rolling eyes emoticon?
Try to sell your business services at 80 cents to the dollar compared to par. Instead, we price them out of the market with too much focus on oil, relatively speaking.
This is, by far, the most insightful comment on this entire board. It's sad to see how many of the other commenters have completely lost the thread on this issue.
I agree with all you say here about racism and exclusion, but aboriginals were not the original inhabitants of Canada. They were of the land that is Canada but not of the country we are today. Canada was conceived by white males.
The weather definitely has something to do with this. People flock to Australia for the beaches and the weather. We can't do much about it, can we?That's OK - I still love Canada.
Justice, Very well said.
You're not aware of very much; your comment does not surprise many people.
You got thumbed down by 4 bitter Ontario government workers.
His connection to his supporters is barely existent at best but the desperation, as outlined by Ibbitson's column, speaks volumes.
steve is that you?
Dim Wun doesn't appreciate it 
Indeed. It's surprising how many readers (or posters, anyway) have missed this point.
Plan B is the same one governments have always used: Keep things running until the economy improves.
So the anti-vaccination crowd are somehow related to the anti climate change crowd. Talk about bizarre logic. Me thinks the author is a Harperite.
They conveniently leave that out... such a gravy option is not possible for those of us that actually work for a living.
ernie29 - 'Fools we are', but not always fools.
Well, Dieter it is not likely that our air craft carriers and our mighty battleships are going to be parked their any time soon. Perhaps a tug or a 1950s supply ship however......
if that happens we will be importing oil to serve our needs.. now does that make any sense?
it was sad of harper to leave in the middle of a furneral just to make a stupid statement. maggie was glad to see him depart.
I assume it would have taken them too much time to figure out Justice Nadon worked in the Federal Court of Appeal for Quebec which is the crux of the issue here. Nice try at deflection though.
Think you've 'done' it to yourself. Get some help, dude.
Well put. The G&M has some decent writers, but in general it's a pretty terrible paper. It has been for a while.
Weak, with no data to back this up. You are most definitely a right winger. Intellectual maybe not so much.
The people who are benefiting from this are administrators at universities, many of whom can't justify their cost and existence themselves.
The soldier's body is barely cold and that's your comment?
So the Globe fell for the Liberal hack spin that now deficit goals don't matter, debt to GDP matters. Typical mainstream media giving their left wing heroes a pass.
is that you guys over at the PMO's office ?
Talk about your 1%er problems. Your kid got fired because she thought she was above the law. Wonder where she got that idea? Get over it.
She's good at that
You make it sound like Latvia and Lithuania are bad sports for not wanting to be part of the new Putin empire.
Mr. Parsons, you then believe that Mr. Hudak's plan is more credible? Cutting taxes? Try exploding your credit card debt, then explaining that you will resolve your personal financial crisis by taking a voluntary pay cut.
Correction: the NDP didn't place 3rd in Ontario (incl. 905-belt) in 2011, they placed 2nd. They won 22 Ontario seats, the Liberals won 11.
Perhaps you need to enlighten all the cretins....you know just speak to them as like minded....
Hey GM did you read the article or just the headline?
What you've basically done, after calling the article 'a more even handed piece' is to totally demolish any even handedness by the contentious 'facts' you then present.
Is the G&M protecting Ms. Wynne with censorship? I wish the editors were more concerned with protecting the disappearing tax payer in Ontario.
Kill urself
So much awesome.
And don't forget CBC's Orbiston.
Give me 10 national media outlets in Canada that are conservative. Listing 10 Sun newspapers doesn't count.
Ummm... any more bright ones like you at home? What is it you don't understand about "debt"?
You generalize to a fault.
Brilliantly stated.
Because they have no other substance to their argument.
Sack 'em all and bring in the volunteers.
Rob is a shoo in to head up the Fraser Institute.
whatever. keep underestimating him. looks where that got your party.
Yes, Thorium will safe us any day now, like it has been for the last 40. Funny how renewables will apparently never work because $reasons, but that Thorium thing? Any day now, if we listen to the nuclear lobby.
like you never re-use expressions. Cheap criticism pal
Okay with the typo but less make it Miami instead!
Me either. I will welcome a coalition if that's what it takes to unseat this cur.
And Sun News shut down on the same day. Where are you going to go for unbiased opinion now?
Freedom of speech, dude.
Zen1107: I prefer to use an election to remove politicians from power.
Germany has become a Sharia State.
Ravensbud, we'll certainly note your preference. However, since you live in Winnipeg, we might not be too concerned by it.
' .. They invite criminals and inspire crime.... 'And without a casino there would be no criminals or crime ?!
Most of them are suicides, and more people are killed by blunt objects than are murdered with firearms. While many many more are murdered by a genocide of abortion.
Oh sure, Og, it's easy when you deal in facts. . . .
The best Canadians, whether they own stocks or not, put people first. Corporations are an invention of people that exist to serve people, not the other way around.
'...If I liked Hudak at all, or if I were at least not afraid of his radical policies, I would vote Conservative.'Then the OPP bully tactics have worked, as you are too afraid to vote for the greater good.
BC ThoughtsLook at what's happening today in Saudi Arabia, Pakistan, Somalia, Nigeria, many parts of India, Indonesia. Is this normal behavior in the 21st century? Better yet, is this normal behavior as/according to us/the west?.
I ask you once again. Is religion determined subjectively? If it is a "genuine"belief will that suffice? Is sincerity all that is required?
There is nothing on the 'voter's mind'. That is this very ignorance, this emptiness that allows such clowns to take up space in it.
Gee Vincent, all Detroit has to do is change its accounting procedures and it will be magically solvent again.
Yroll society is more than anyone with money from anywhere else can overwhelm locals.
Rod. Stop with the disingenuous, "low information voter". What you mean are stupid people.
You are the one who wants to hijack democracy. Our democratically elected government has passed a regulation for interventions in NEB proceedings.
Experts say the CIA and Mossad created ISIS to defeat Assad in Syria without committing the West to another long ground war.
What a shame for writing and publishing an article like this!!!
Facts, truth, silly notions for the Con-barbarians.
Good article. It will be interesting to see what comments follow this article; on the CTV website the 'outrage' caused every third poster to say there were 'disgusted' with Rolling Stone. It was the word of the day.
At least in my riding, the only serious ground game I have seen is the Liberals. They have been around 3 times so far compared to the other two parties one.
Lots of Canadians think Harper is a threat to democracy, that he is dangerous. That Parliment is not working, that Harper has no respect for Parliment. The comment is valid and day after tomorrow, Harper won't be PM and he will be resigning.
Sad, liberals pandering to a surname and a thick head of hair.
Totally agree that people can refuse to hire them
WOW ..., did this article get buried fast! Went from front page headline, weekend reading status to not even the 'politics' section ... article got relegated to provincial pages.
And also a leading cause of vague, irrational, false agency quips.
Actually, professors at universities are not unionised. But then of course truth is not a huge priority for the rabid right.
Someone should tell Trudeau, He doesn't seem to grok.
Too bad this piece isn't by a journalist.
that he likes cleavage and probably wouldn't kill the owner?
I've seen you post before so I know you know you are lying. The legal challenge is from the Canadian Government. Zunera was just going about her usual business. Don't twist the facts, Portia.
Shame on Harper and Mulcair for using Canada's north and its people for self-serving photo-ops and advancing their political agendas. Kudos to future PM Trudeau for showing leadership and vision in making his upcoming trip to the north.
are you serious?...yes you are!...i have read some of your posts
humorous take. Not necessarily true -- but very apropos given the Conservative ads.
Some who is HIV and needs life-saving medical treatments is hardly a 'tourist'. Nigel Farage is a silly fool. It'll be good to see his silly smile wiped-off his daft face when he loses his seat.
Great post, very true.
The absence of Saudi Arabia and the other kingdoms is odd... likely telling.
'Ma'am' works for the other 50% of the population.
Lots to choose from.
I would add: a dangerous, manipulative control freak.
'111,Why don't you explain the term for us?
Just when you think you've read the stupidest post ever, somebody sets a new bar.
Nail on the head, rcalon. Dakota Whitecap here near Saskatoon removed themselves from the Indian Act. Totally independant and doing very well for themselves. Why? They live near a big city so they opened a casino. Can't do that at Attawapiskat
He is Canadian and Egyptian. Don't understand why he went back during a sustained period of civil unrest.
It has to be BS. It attacked the true Messiah. Didn't you know - we will all benefit from JT's trust fund.
Putin has been compared to Goebbels. The lefties won't see it that it is he who is really the fascist.
Good news! As a withering ghost town, the prices will fall dramatically. Get ready with your chequebook!
Please don't generalize.
Six posts in a row make him a shill.
Thanks, Glenn- that is all we need. Thank God he didn't have a gun. The protester was an invited guest- not sure about Vickers.
Jeez get grip... the world will go on and this was one small teeny tiny blimp on the radar.....only perpetuates by those like you who cannot leave it
. However I am very concerned about Syrian refugees not paying while others pay. --------it is sunnybecause it is 2015
Did you read the argument in the article, or just the words?
That was more literary hyperbole. More a reference to how absurd it is to assume there is any legitimacy in an IS "State". In the end they are killing people and I am well aware of that. Why don't you take it down a notch?
The issue is - why enforce an unpopular and stupid law?
"maybe privatizing electricity, gas, water, and railways was a mistake" Given how well you have argued the rest of your post I am interested why you made that comments.
As long as America is great again then everything will be good.
Are you serious? It is OUR fault because WE approved the use of this drug. Therefore WE have to do the right thing and make it better for these people.
Women are trying to claim or measure success as to how well they do against standards set for and by men. Do they really believe that this will make them happier? They need to define female standards of happiness and try to achieve those.
Let me guess: M.W. ?Elizabeth is a gem among the Globe columnists.
wente should leave the sociology to the sociologists
There seems to be some confusion here about the law, justice and revenge; between modern approaches to crime and justice, and going back to the dark ages of fear. Which of the parties is promoting the dark ages way of dealing with crime?
Reread the article ... and what I see is the growing fatigue of the minority espousing such negative Trudeau sentiments at every opportunity.
Pure make-believe and hear-say.
argyle5663 IF IF IF Justin becomes Prime Minister he can then audit the "charities" that deal with " Conservative hobby-horse issues that is the nature of politics so relax, the pendulum sways though never to NDP
If I were an American tax payer I would be re a$$ed as you hauled my tax dollar dairy subsidy to a foreign land and drank milk that you only paid half the cost of production for.
I agree with all that you wrote, Shaunnarine1.
Are you excluding the Liberals involvement with the Chinese dictatorship? The gong-ho attitude of Trudeau to invite more Chinese scams here is prevalent, as well.
OK, so do it out in the open, not buried in a massive Harper style omnibus bill.
How can you say the Globe is pro-Liberal when they told us to vote for Harper, this time and in 2011?
Our single-trick pony "economist" demonstrates how difficult it is for some to break free. Homelessness has grown like Topsy in his watch.
Your defense to pay for play is that Trump paid the crony crook as well?
Thanks for conceding that her column has no point, other than that she doesn't like Trudeau.
With all of the societal expectations placed on males, I can understand why many would want to regress back into childhood.
Source for your statement?
We live in Canada.
Everything these BIG 3 are advertzing on TV and radio will just backfire on them. The consumers are fed up.
Pretty well for BC, we have a better balanced tax system, a more efficient economy and more innovation. How is your tax system working for you?
The authors have lost all credibility by not writing ALL the facts so I doubt very much about the truth of what the authors allegedly claim is 'solitary'
Ah but American ex-pats CAN vote, which is taxation WITH representation. Your denial of obvious facts is so Harper-Con.
Oh dear! And here I thought that your series of inane comments had run its course.
Justin can ask Obama all about that.
Agreed Mark. Terence's work should not be confused with the polemics of deceptive left-wing writers.
Hope your not surprised.
Being angry at he Russian bear translates into Ukrainian votes in Manitoba and Ontario... that's how politically shallow he is
I don't like it. They notify you someone has posted back, but when you go there it only takes you to the story not the post itself. Makes it very times consuming to find anything
You cannot even buy a simple mussel relaxant down here in the USA without a prescription from your DR. Guess Canadians will all need to go on MJ for pain relief .
No, that's Harper.
Canada is paying a price for an idiotic immigration policy under the Liberals.
this is a disgusting column completely vapid and without any intellectual self-awareness - ridiculous! No wonder she was hired by MM, completely vacuous.
Hi Rob ? Doug? Is that you folks?
Say anything positive about Wente and and any truths about Obama and the ad hominems fly.
Anybody who votes for a war should have to go to the war. Back at ya...
It's Hush Money.
And in any democracy, a direct vote by the citizenry carries far more weight than that of Parliament or the courts.
You're all over the map. Liberal's by default because the voter rejected bigoted NDP and anti-democratic Republicans.
Tom needs to re-evaluate his position on niqab. While there's still time to turn his campaign around.
peezim: " ..there were huge First Nation cities in N. America that were cleaner and larger than Paris or London at the time .." That is quite hilarious !!! And utter nonsense !
Harper said that Nigel was 'the boss'. Hmm- it all gets so convoluted, doesn't it?
It must be terrible for Aziz to live in a hellhole like England. Why doesn't she move to the paradise that is Pakistan ? Unfortunately, she couldn't write whining articles about Islamophobia for bien pensant editors at the G&M if she did.
Why isn't Harper plummeting in the polls for all this? Don't the majority of Canadians care about honesty and integrity?
If it walks like a duck, quacks like a duck, chances are its a duck
How about Chretien. Say what you want about him, but he's really the only good Liberal leader we've had since Mike Pearson and Uncle Louis.
But then the failed policies to achieve a balanced budget and a budget surplus continue.
Perhaps you could give us an example of CBC's alleged 'left wing propaganda'.And if you're not too tired from that exercise perhaps an indication of CTV's (training ground for Harper senators Duffy and Wallin) alleged left wing bias.
you mean the gas plants that did have an out clause that was ignored by the liberals for political purposes... The new sunny ways government is feeding you garbage and you are eating it up like a little lemming
Why would you try to complicate something which is the most basic right of any humanbeing.
Chuck Le Canuck: I basically agree with you, but Harper's not our head of state. The Queen and Governor General occupy that role, at least for the time being.
Albertans vote for what they get. If they didn't want the PC, they had other choices.
Strong opinion. Based on how many years of service I wonder? For what it's worth I served as an officer in the CAF for 9 and I encountered far more good leadership than bad (though I cannot state there was no bad)
Putin 'dictatorial'? I'll tell you what's dictatorial. A media that lies 24/7 to the public to prevent free and fair discourse during the election.
Sober thoughts in the face of back slapping politicians ripe with righteous will and tax dollars.
It's incredible they hung on to 99 seats noting this had to have been one of the worst managed campaigns of a major party in history.
That's a lot of typing to say something that is beside the point.
knee-jerk anti-Israel pieces and commenters.---------if they are Arabs i can understand where they come frmif they are naive leftists in the west, union leaders, pious clergyman, ivory tower professors, and their ilk ...i CANNOT understand
It's not about the Armenian Genocide, scholar.
Their lackeys are safe in their limosines while society crumbles.
You think she is sensationalizing a self-filmed double murder by saying America has a gun violence problem? Because that's, you know, crazy.
CONS - in PANIC!
Science fiction. No. Just fiction.
Hey the voter should know eh what are the Lieberals hiding about him ?
Your comment sounds like a trial run for the CPC talking notes for the upcoming election. Do you work for the PMO or just the party war room?
No I do not have any of those issues. I take care of myself.
'Complain all you want. The ontario liberals are bad, the Fed conservatives are bad.'Ok.Let's settle for 'politicians' are bad.
Why was the comments section on the other Duffy piece sabotaged?-- and by whom?
@Western woods "Speech that offends someone will be responded to, and possibly refuted. "Punished" didn't enter the discussion until you introduced it." Backlash, the word actually used, is not is not "responding to" or "refuting".
Tom Mulcair would split this Country with his support of the Quebec seditionists... because He lusts for Power above all, and when He fails He will retire in France where He also holds Citizenship....
'With all due respect, as a business owner should this person not be allowed to close the business if he so chooses? ' Evidently not to all the commies on this board.
True Ronin, but we've got used to this tired old strategy and basically just ignore it.
If you haven't stepped on grass, its because you drive.
Talk to ya later kinda equals goodbye.
Since we're talking about the expenditure of Toronto tax dollars on a project located in downtown Toronto, why would we be consulting the good folks from Markham? Now, if they're interested in paying some of the reconstruction costs...
Before or after the repeat military juntas? The country has defaulted 8 times under right wing military dictatorships in its history.
I think we need a Royal Commission to investigate this issue! Are you listening, Mr. Harper?
Excellent post Doug, thanks.
Excellent post !Much too close to reality to make any political impact on Canadian sheeple voters.
PURSUIT TO MONS is the ultimate Canadian battle honour. Before and after campaign maps make a strong argument that the British Army won World War I. And the heart of that army was the Canadian Corps.
How's that glue sniffing thing coming along for you?
The Conservative Party's attack on science is a great example of this. Everything you need to know right here: http://www.academicmatters.ca/2013/05/harpers-attack-on-science-no-science-no-evidence-no-truth-no-democracy/
Boston Globe fake front page imagines a Trump presidency. http://apps.npr.org/documents/document.html?id=2798351-Ideas-Trump-Front-Page
"Warren Buffett and Mitt Romney should not have half the tax rate as Warren Buffett's secretary!!" The rate is simply because capital gains are taxed at a lower rate than employment income. Same case here in Canada (Thank goodness!).
Mr Lewis is lucky he comes from a rich family. He would make a poor barista.
As Peggy points out, the sex ed isn't being taught to prepubescents has nothing to do with coitus ; the point is to instil in them at a young age a love for alternative sexualities and genders. Which is , of course, marvellous.
and the basis of public policy should be? to make Wente happy? libertarian? no policy? no bike lanes? this is incoherent. Biking is dangerous. But no more bike lanes. Less government. Except when we need some.
An analysis of the education system by a business magazine. How truly sad.
It's a Wynne Win - $9 billion to buy votes for her boyfriend.
Kathleen Wynne called those who wanted to slow this down xenophobic and racist and now her best buddy, Trudeau is slowing it down
This is the imposter troll. At 2:11 pm this afternoon, he signed up and started posting as .LoonerLander with a period [.] before his name.
Couldn't agree with you more, but do we think that this message is even getting through to the common Ivan on the street. Sadly, Vlad and his impaler buddies will spin this to their own advantage.
Good post !And ultimately we do have a final vote - we do not have to buy what we don't like.
To hell with public sector unions. Right to Work them out of existence.
I believe home care CAN be "incredibly expensive and inefficient", but it needn't be--and it still beats the cost of ambulance-and-hospitalization.
Could be worse, you could have Selinger. Our per-capita debt and taxes are higher too.
I'm not sure that you really even know what you are asking there.
Shouldn't need Switzerland soon, the Supreme Court ruling is pretty broad.
Big surprise .....
LOL There goes his blood pressure again. Good times!
Please explain how a balanced budget is described as having no deficit yet retaining an enormous debt is fiscally responsible?
FYI - BC definitely has premiums for medicare.
Presumption of innocence applies only in criminal law. Trudeau had to do something, so he suspended the two MPs. Suspension doesn't imply guilt; it means they are out of caucus until the matter is cleared up.
It's a comments section, not a research paper. Just because we don't agree does not warrant the personal attack.
No more hate filled than you, for backing the wrong horse.
Real leaders do not run away.
Walkom writes his own stuff though.
"Disgusting" doesn't begin to encapsulate my reaction to your "propaganda."
You look into people's eyes
That's little Timmie Hudak too, isn't it?
'Who needs enemies when we have friends like the USA.'Drama, much?
Harper lost the election. Got creamed. Trudeau didn't win it. Any other Liberal leader during that election would've seen victory too.
JT, use your resourcefulness to properly tax Uber, then you will have lots of money to throw around here to achieve nothing.
I suppose the authors need to justify themselves and their work after being advisors to Harper. Having lived in the 'Harper bubble', they now live in a make believe world.
Killing the terrorist leaders helps but killing all the terrorists is better.
Mark, you are a hopeless idealist. Unforthunately, Canada has virtually no role in this.
I want to see the results broken down into categories. The blanket 'sexual assault' is too broad to have any meaning. It's why so many don't listen to the stats.
Robin Williams was a comic genius and like most genius's thru out history, the line between sanity and insanity is quite thin. I am very saddened by what happened but like the writer not surprised
I mean it maaaaan!
Stop. Ya gotta stop. You're tearing my heart out. Boo hoo hoo.
Is Wynn ever going to pass a bill??? Hello passing a budget with a Dipper support is not running Government... oh wait She just has a learners permit I forgot!
It won't be either!
Honestly, I think she wrote the article while downing a bottle of her chardonnay.
And your point is .... ?
Blah, blah, blah. I don't know if what you describe is Trump's most pernicious falsehood, but the lockstep echo chamber of opinion evident in these comments is equally as pernicous.
Well said. Ms. Henein is an exemplary professional woman and Canadian citizen.
'After 'lock her up': Are there any real leaders among Conservatives?'It's the same as before 'lock her up'.
This isn't about politics it is about the police. One knife vs nine guns....... think about it
Well I guess this badly written comment with two grammatical errors is a clear demonstration of your view. But those of us who did pick up a thing or two about grammar and word use will focus on your error rather than your point, what ever it was.
Automobile transportation is hugely subsidized - way more than transit. It is probabl the bigggest social program in Canada. Sure, driving is expensive, but a big portion of the road network is still paid by general taxes. How fair is that?
'However Russia can afford to wait while Ukraine can not. Something will eventually give.'Not clear: Russia's economy is taking a duking from the sanctions and the like. And, sooner or later, at least some Russians may want to each cheese again.
Hey Don, I like your quote but Barnum didn't say that, H L Mencken wrote it. Barnum's line was' there's a sucker born every minute'. Either or both will suffice in your quite accurate statement
Good comment. I had to stop reading comments as well.
I tend to support left of centre politics, but in all fairness to your posting, your failure to mention the utter disaster that is Venezuela is a gross oversight, and I must ask - why?
very commonwww. en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_Taylor_(Liberian_politician)
'Activists have already blockaded some rail lines and threatened to close Canada?s borders with the United States'And the government seems to be interested in taking a look at who may be involved in this kind of plotting? Gee, d'ya think?
Who knows, the next one may be: Never bet against China, but yet we aren't there yet....
No I think Stevie's area of expertise lies in ecoonomics or something. Just look how well he has done by increasing our national debt by $160 BILLION or so. Quite the expert I would say ( NOT)! Eh?
Electric cars.. because, well electricity is cheap and abundant in Ontario right? It's whne I pay my hydro bill that I thank God for the Ontario Liberals.
One _more_ reason to put Canada in the inept government category.
'Rob Ford needs to end the sideshow and be a true leader'----------The only sideshow is this newspaper's reporting and the comments forum.
When you take the marijuana trade from organized crime, you get less organized crime.
Partisan hack on the UNIFOR payroll.
Wow am now looking forward to ongoing commentary re: China
To be fair, they all do that.
Intelligent post
Well, with a PM who promotes evidence-free science after extensive polling to see where the majority of votes lie, can you imagine evidence-based science having the chance of a snowball in hell?
Very true. Man-hating is en vogue and completely accepted. Men are the new second-class citizens in the western world, especially white males.
This is even more concerning: anyone can get a fake Syrian passport. And if no one bothers to check whether it is fake or not, there you have a security risk.
What were the sleazy tricks of the Liberals aside from adscam?
I thought is was reporting about the ABC phenonium but you can spin it anyway you wish.
Realism at its best. Thank you Margaret!
White-lash, Black-lash; Asian-lash, Muslim-lash; its all trash. whimper, whimper
??How women are losing the pundit war...? (title, article, above)Save and except Ann ('bony ass') Coulters!
You probably realize that the Nazi party was a socialist party, yes?
The 1918 influenza pandemic killed more people than WW1 ...
Ah, one of those Freeman-on-the-Land nutcases....
I guess it depends from where you are looking, not to mention a working understanding of the term, 'socialist'.
Well, eating lobster is like eating insects, specifically dung beetles. As is true of prawns and crabs as well. Some nice meat, but it was formed from crap sucked up off the bottom. But quinoa is just fine.
This leaves it open for the rich and powerful to monopolise political discourse in Canada. See how the Globe limited political discussion on a critical issue by shutting down Elizabeth May in the leaders debate last year.
It's up there with the poseur who divides his time between TO and the Loire and wrote a similar lot of nonsense about two weeks ago.
Get a grip.
In this day and age of electronics records, photographs, and cell phones, requiring electronic versions of ID and travel documents should be a no-brainer.
There was an article in The National Post claiming that the proposed massive increase in Chinese immigration and foreign students isn't our government's idea. Rather it was the Chinese government dictating to our government what it wants done.
When you are Harper, any event following a gaffe could be argued to be a deflection of said gaffe. I doubt it is planned. Sorry, but Harper is gone. There is no saving him.
Nemo, Welllll... excuuuuuuuuuuussse meeeeee! So the Greeks invented hypocrisy. The British perfected it. And Canadians are taking it to a new level.
welcome to the world of unicorns and rainbows
Well, Trudeau is not giving support; he's giving 'mediation.'
Jimmy Carter will no longer be regarded as the worst US President in modern history... he should send Obama a 'thank you' card.
46 cents of every dollar refers to total taxation not just income tax.
It would be better if you said less. Far less. Like nothing - that kind of less.
They also endorsed McQuinty and Wynne for the last 14 years. How has that worked for you?
Need a lot of help? Aren't you of the Con school? Shouldn't people be paying their own way for their choices?
Oh, I see, Alexvega... so, In other words, guilty until proven innocent, hmm? Yup... quite simple. Except that our justice system works on the reverse premise. Next...
Shouldn't the refugees be sent there and assigned jobs?
The good professor works at York. Only York would hire such people to teach law. For your information, good professor, you are better off keeping your immature opinion to yourself.
I agree with much of the intent of LEAP but man the NDP just shot itself in the head. 3rd party forever.
The Liberals are bad but not as bad as the NDP and Sunny Justin and Neo-Sunny wynne when it comes to this
and the same goes for you, teacher-hater!
Why didn't the G&M print what the Crown lawyers said at the hearing. 'Veterans are no better than welfare recipients'
But, there is light at the end of the tunnel for the Tory Party. When Stephen Harper steps down as party leader, Doug Ford is interested in the leader's job. Not a Calgary conservative, capable of fighting the elitists in Ottawa; what's not to like?
Are you really trying to defend these people by the old line of 'well other people did it too'? Unbelievable.
The city should de-amalgamate. Then the people of the city of Toronto could elect themselves a real mayor, and let the burbs elect themselves all the bumbling right wing neanderthals they want.
Living elsewhere than in Canada is now equivalent to being dead?
Good god. How stupid are you? She never said she lost because of racism. She said she was victim of racism and detailed some of the comments directed at her.
Some people are too eager to be nice. Now they have serious trouble on their hands.
Read the Atlantic article on Frat Boys and the power that they exude over a University.. May Change your mind a bit..
What about the Pacific Ocean? If I recall it wasn't too long ago that the Tories sent back a ship containing so-called refugees. What will the Liberals do, and it is going to happen.
Why is it OK to be racist about my skin colour, but if I open my mouth about a certain religion, i am a racist?
Yes, the G&M still has some very good in depth reporting on some important issues. But the rest of the paper is a great deal of crap to me.It has gone downhill a lot since the early 90's.
'Yet, nothing allocates scarce resources more efficiently than the price mechanism.'But be sure to price in everything!
Rule #1 when dealing with the Fraser Institute: take everything they say with a cup of salt!!
Consequences ???? But but but the stress ! The psychobabblers tell us so .... There are consequences ???? But when I watch my flat panel TV nothing ever happens to me personally ....
No pipelines, but oil by rail and Algerian crude tankers are a go!
here is my quibble: the occupation is not illegal but the settlements are. Occupation after a war should be settled using international law. The settlement of civilians in occupied territories is prohibited by the Geneva Convention.
Her body? Is it not another human with unique DNA whose body is in jeopardy?
How about Steve redirects 50% of his advertising budget to help address the problem. Obviously he clearly puts advertising above the safety of Canadians.
Seems reasonable. People who can't innovate, can't compete, can't protect themselves and have a faulty perception of themselves and their place in the world are going to legalize marijuana. Nothing but good things can come of this.
I don't think the journalists really care one way or another. A more accurate description is most Canadians are left wing and thus a PM who was popular here would probably liked by the New York Times not Wall Street Journal.
Yes but when your only tool is a hammer, everything looks like a nail. And our federal government is nothing if not a bag of hammers.
The 'faithful' pre(a)ying on the weak and vulnerable. Doubtless not all are like this of course, but horrible story.
Harper hid in a closet and did not manage to address Canadians for 10 hours after the attack on the Hill.
oh, and FIFA should probably suspend the Canadian Soccer Association for not respecting the rules 
An asylum run by inmates.
What you are trying to say is 'deHarperize it'.
and he is not a pervert.
Actually Coach, you have no real idea just your 'guess'.
please would you say where '[you] just read'? It would be nice to doublecheck....
Read 1491 for some idea of what that would have meant for the indigenous populations of North America.
What are you talking about, Sir?
could you perhaps clearly explain why it's a 'needless' layer? Or are you good with some shallow off the cuff Rovian nonsense?
It is no different in Germany, or France or Sweden or Belgium. The failure of leadership and ideas is global. You could even see that in Brazil, Argentina, Venezuela, the leftist policies fail in even more spectacular ways.
Eric, you missed the memo They won't be fundraising for the Liberals Do you actually approve of the Conservative Senators using our tax dollars to campaign and fundraise for the Conservatives?
I can see that, my wife did bus route planning and the worst to deal with as far as being demanding were the very rich areas and the very poor welfare areas.
You did vote - we had an election with this topic on the table
I thought sexes didn't exist, only societal constructs. Thus, Hillary can identify as either male or female at any given time.
Exactly. Much like the confused shooter that we had on Parliament Hill. However, we can still sow seeds of fear, hatred and division.
I'm not an atheist.....I'm an anti theist. Down with all brain washing cults.
I think the realization that the father of that poor child was the captain of the boat he drowned on was a wake-up call to Canadians that this issue is far more complicated than Justin or the CBC would make it out to be.
Because as bad as Clinton is she's still the best of the sorry lot If you disagree who do you honestly think would be better for the US and the world?
A fat derriere to kick is more apt.
What a complete crock of BS.Alberta is not a left leaning Province, they were simply P1ssed off at the PC's.
You have no more effing idea than Clouseau, whose ruminations are as muddled as Sellers' original. You folks have nerve trotting out your biases and guesswork for public viewing, have to hand you that.
No one would suggest that. Ah I see you thought you were being clever.
I'm over 55 and I resent your insinuation about the 55+ voters. I've never bought anything fed to Canadians by Harper & Co.
Yep... must be tough for him to circle his only wagon from the marauding Aboriginals...
''he has defined the terms of the next presidential election.'' Likely a meaningless exercise if Obama is not part of it.
Louis Riel was convicted of treason in 1885. For that, you would take away the property rights of Metis children of 1870. That does not make much sense to me.
Trump is even older ............
Not a real medic, actually a soldier with a first aid kit. Medics, as recognized by the Geneva Conventions, do not carry weapons.
Social justice is the new religion. The self appointed arbiters of good and evil.
You mean, that is the grandkids' problem.
'Clinton was only there because the DNC cheated America out of Bernie.'Absolutely.Instead of being apologetic for corrupting American democracy, the DNC spammers will go on the offensive. That's how these creeps operate.
What is twitter?
Trumpers still twisting themselves into knots to excuse their fearless leader's dreadful behaviour. They're more like a religious cult, say Jim Jones in Guyanna with his kool-aid, than responsible adults. They are the downside of democracy.
Xenophilia doesn't have to be a core value of the Liberal Party. And it shouldn't
'we have come to respect them as human beings on equal terms'-------when were gays ever considered not as 'human beings?
Sloganeering... the walks down memory lane... Kumbaya schmaltz. She's shaping up to be a populist
Looks like someone has spent an exorbatent part of his life being snubbed by all manner of people. I'm an American. If ou find the time I would love to hear you actually criticize what I wrot given your keen insights.
Nice job with the 20-20 hindsight.
Short Version: Globe: We love the product but the wrapping is all worn and tattered. All we need is a new cover for it-- it'll sell better then! Canadians: No. A huge majority of us don't like the product!
andrea... what is your point ??
The Ontario election is best summed up by the late comedian George Carlin...'Never underestimate the power of stupid people in large groups.'
I have campaigned for the abolition of first past the post since 1984.
Sorry Sea but you are wrong; again.
Yeah, we've been silenced too long. I'm trying to warrior up, and speak out. It's a big mess, but the truth seeker's always try to listen with love. We do have a few potlatch people that share, but not many. Thanks for the response.
Ditto. Hoever, these burka wearers also feel that they've won the lottery.. all the benefits of being a Canadian without the obligations.
Perhaps you need to get out more and actually meet the average Muslim and then arrive at a conclusion. The majority want what you and I want; peace, security and the chance to develop/prosper/grow as human beings.
Privacy has nothing to do with it.
Mr Rae seems to confuse politicians and leaders. The former are hardly ever the latter.
Yeah, that's just what we need - a desperate man giving away our country in order to secure his re-election.
And yet I imagine you would not want a single grocery store chain ....
It's telling that you didn't list a single one of them.
Keep posting that!!!!
Jack; the election was in May. You guy choked and blew it! Get over it.
a troubling decision for certain. hard to square that circle. had a real impact on my thoughts as well.
It is illegal to bribe a public official in Canada. Nigel Wright must resign, quickly
The reason Putin cleaned up on the local mobsters was because they represented competition. Now he controls the local thugs.
Succinct and logically correct Russell.
'Everybody?s got a favourite villain ? globalization, technology, greedy bankers with too much power, the decline of unions, and on and on.'Divorce plus the other issues you mention are all contributing to the current economic situation.
Truth is that if Trudeau refuses to join with the NDP if Harper wins a minority, the Liberals will become non existent. That is how bad we want HARPER to SCARPER! HEAVE STEVE!
Denial doesn't change reality, John. Try facts.
Applying political partisan spin to the discussion does not provide anything of value to it. Irrelevant even within the context of cost.
That's worth voting for him alone. Let's see your standing in the 'Smile Index' plummet when you're paying an additional 20 billion dollars a year on your own defense that I won't get stuck with.
a childish post from "How I sees it"
... and they're still stuck with Chernobyl.
Your comment makes no sense, whatsoever.
The longer Trudeau lets Maryam Monsef head this ministry the less credibility he has and the whole concept of changing the electoral process has. Being the leader is not all about sunny ways.
Can see it now, PM Trudeau and mild mannered Foreign Affairs minister Stephane Dion bringing white flags with them to world summits. Say hello to the new neutral, or should we say 'neutered', Canada!
While I agree with you on the race issue (with the caveat that biologically race doesn't exist) transgenderism is a different question since it has nothing to do with chromosomes.
Russians have excluded themselves from civilization, by invading Ukraine.
What on earth does this have to do with the TTC?
http://tinyurl.com/p5eyftt
She actually is the most truthful candidate with a voting record nearly identical to that of Bernie Sanders. Highly doubt that any amount of facts would change your mind, though.
exploit, Attempting to write in pithy biblical parables doth not make your writing more believable.
The reservation system is a classic example of how money spent does not get to those that need it. The budget does provide however a lot of jobs, perks, travel and conventions for non-aboriginals.
What ye must really beware of in politics is single ethnic issues and the money vote.
Absolutely! Vote strategically.
Excellent and thoughtful post. Thank you.
Having a bank guy who has benefited greatly by working in a monopoly type environment was not smart. He empathizes with big beer... as our local Brewers are handcuffed.
The liberal campaign was the anti-tough choice campaign. Continued spending, no significant civil service reductions, increases to taxes and fees and an increasing deficit. I don't see what is so hard about these choices.
We should replace sober with non-partisan.
Pathetic socialist whine.
If you're so bored why don't you tune into Sun Media Network instead. They have your kind of stuff.
But the Alberta government has said all along it would not be revenue neutral like BC. It would go to green initiatives. I am surprised there are rebates at all.
i only want a lefty snowboarder guiding me if he rides a split board
I too wish that Canada would 'keep its distance from the US'. But my reason may not be the same as yours.
These bmw driving yuppies don't understand that until one of them gets robbed at gunpoint, then they're screaming for the police.
"Failing grades in logic for you, one." I see - you don't understand what the word "logic" means either. Perhaps investing in a dictionary would be a wise move.
Ahh, but how true.
ummm... that is kind of the definition of what an editorial is....opinion of the editor... it is not necessarily intended to be a fact focused report that balances both sides
You forgot to add - quitting!
My thoughts exactly. My daughter has celiac - not a laughing matter. Every time someone makes a joke regarding gluten, it just makes it that much easier for restaurants to ignore the problem and put it down to a life style choice - it isn't!
Paragraphs wouldn't improve it.
Typical Harper bullying....Seems to work fer domestic relations......Let's give 'er a go fer foreign relations......If it don't work we can run and hide......like at home. Get right on that John....why do you think I keep you around!
Are you a bigot?
I think in your last sentence, you inserted 'thread' where 'comment' should go.
The possibility of laying treason charges against him expired in 2005.
Yes, I was wondering where the analysis on French interests and willingness to intervene were. If the French support western boots on the ground, I'm all for it.
ka-ching...only worth 2 bits, not the 8bitstuff you are trying to pass off. Check with the beetle award winning leader Xi for your 50 cents today!
And will we see The Globe endorse these same practices again next election?
Looks like a watering hole for Harper bashers and government haters. Have fun!
A good point Kim, however, there are, on average, 18 gun deaths a day in the U.S. so the motivation to do something about gun deaths should be present every day.
CatherineYours is the best article I have read in the Globe in 2016. Maybe anywhere. Thank you for writing it.
You say it's not corporations job to create jobs, so I guess you think that's the government's job, right???
sheep, you get it.joel, the US is way past the point of no return. They no longer have a choice but to print money and hope no one notices. Their economy and government is totally and irrevocably dependent on money printing.
aren't you a clever man!! not a gold star though, maybe a red star.
Former CAF General Andrew Leslie, now a Liberal MP, expensed $72000 dollars to move a few blocks in Ottawa. He didn't give any back. Because of him, moving expenses for CAF and RCMP were looked at and revamped.
At the moment, it seems that the Liberals will have no trouble winning again in 2019. Realistically, the CPC is their only competition unless Jack Layton is resurrected or channeled.
Harper is Rob Ford with a few more brains but the same emotional intelligence.
Me too. I would like to see evidence that automobile accidents were caused by cannabis alone and not cannabis used in conjunction with alcohol and other mind-altering drugs.
I doubt it.
Well look at which 'connected' Chinese company is trying to take over health care for Seniors in BC. Think Trudeau will do anything but rubber stamp that?
More censoring than Pravda.
Neither do you stop them.
Read the article again, Paul.
Stop the turbines, invoke a gas tax, and spend the money on public transit. I used to support NDP. Want to do it again.
Funny you would use the word mob. Good name for our politicians on all sides.
The kids weren't allowed to speak their own language, much less harvest their traditional foods. Good grief, pick up a book, Bozo.
You forgot about Diptheria.
So all those people in heavily populated areas get around on foot? burn wood in the fireplace? cook over charcoal? We are such hypocrites.
not sneaky, just buggers.
uneducated? Wharton school of business is a pretty good school.
Art LafferWell, it/the Economist is not exactly left leaning, now is it.The best description would be right-off center, which does not imply they/the Economist are supportive of the lunatic fringe Tea Party .
Good post Dave. The most pro-American countries in Europe are the former Warsaw Pact nations. And the anti-west lefties just can't stand it.
He has always been hostile to Trudeau. He after al has t keep a job at the Globe Nothing new here at all.
How do you propose to do that if the boys can't graduate high school?
....and shills like Mr. Martin are promoting an alleged work that will end up in the salesbin within six months.
Drunk drivers don't agree either.
Another reason that I should be allowed to declare my cat as my dependent and/or spouse. Harper already was loosing me after he stopped home mail delivery... this just finalizes things. I will hold my nose and vote for Justin.
'Does he support puppies and babies too?'__________________________________Why not? Kittens and pandas aren't the only ones who need a hand.
Normality? Ohhhhh hahahahahaha!
"...So to her and her family the place of your birth is really not a very important detail.." Unfortunately, it is a big deal for immigration Canada, the law, etc...
Dog, chicken and cow cells.
I'd say 'tinpot bitumen republic' is closer to the truth.
... they can't stay at home because they act as a neocon mouthpiece and to supply propaganda material to G&M
Sorry, Dunny, time to look outside the box.
The truth hurts, doesn't it, loser.......?
You can really trust Wynne and Marois with money. Right.
Don't like the competition ??
Absolutely - Doctors say that undue stress can aggravate health prolems
The Debaters, produced in Calgary, gets Rob's nod. And that's it. :)
Your 'belief' is actually well-supported in many research studies.
I lost what little respect I had for Mulroney when he stood by Peladeau as he announced his ambition to separate from Canada. With Brian, money always goes before integrity and honour and loyalty. I am sure he will do well - for himself.
What a bunch of mumbo-jumbo.
Get an honest job BC. We know who you are.
Very well said. I would add 'beware of wolves in sheep's clothing'. The G&M has proven that they are not friends of anyone making less than $250k per year.
Poor execution of what? 25,000 refugees by Jan 1? Seriously? What exactly is your complaint? That he didn't let in more or that he let in 10,000 too many? That's your segue to ranting about Ontario?
And the Liberal Party of Canada
Thanks for the info. I get no calls because the CIMS has me down as an enemy of Canada.
...or more accurately "some animals never got to be equal.. yet". Our First Nations need a little more time and consideration to be considered equal in a lot of Canadians' eyes.
Scammer really is kind of hostile isn't he? Must be the dampness in his mother's basement. You would think though that if he was going to call someone a nasty name he'd spell it correctly.
'Women in quebec would eat this guy!'Under the circumstances, you might want to rephrase this sentence...
if alberta is so soviet then why are the taxes higher in that conservative heaven Saskatchewan ? oh - they have a sales tax too !
The u.n. robot trudeau, just does as the u.n. commands!
Obama is stopping mountaintop removal by open-pit coal operations in Kentucky and other Appalachian states. California as well the state Democrats.
'moving?' The movement took place a looooooooooooooog time ago.
Also didn't mention the useless and embarrassing interference in Ukraine; what Baird and Harper think about Ukraine is entirely irrelevant.....they have made us irrelevant, so why are they so insistent on intruding themselves into that situation?
So let it be done
Let them live in their ignorance Happy. In 50 years the three you mention will still get regular air time, hip hop will be a distant memory.
Canada was built on Globalization - selling it's commodities to first Europe and then the US, becoming a branch plant manufacturer for the US market.
The fact you interpret that comment as "assuming moral superiority" says more about your obsessions than the comment. It doesn't.
FreshOutDaTrap, some of us do feel before we think, and that is because we are not trapped by logocentrism. Try it some time - to be sure, 'mistakes' will be made, but they will be learning experiences.
Very true. The context of the comment was completely ignored by the media, who left the door wide open for con hack loser attack strategists to pounce.
Would an Islamic feminist be for or against a BurkinI ban?
Or, more pertinently, why do so many people dislike Harper?
Canada Post should fund, build and own a high-speed internet network for the whole country. And compliment it with a parcel delivery service. Be the change instead of fighting it.
24/7, a deplorable use of public money. I watched four full episodes and there was no content beyond promoting the person of the PM. If the Party wants to pay for such rubbish go ahead but no way the public should be on the hook.
Saunders is a bleeding heart leftist with 'progressive' ideas about 'diversity' and 'racialized ' peoplehe must be NDP
You call that a fight? Compared to some of the donnybrooks that go on in other countries this looks like a dance at the church.
hate to tell you but most the Middle East Demigods are Far Right... think about Sharia law, Women's attitudes/degradation and Laws against gays...
ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ
The left have voted in response to Wente's column and the results are overwhelmingly in favour of the left being willfully blind.
Doesn't Kenney look like a smiling Buddha in that Picture?
You have no idea what you are talking about. Try reading the decision.
'Are school dress codes sexist and oppressive?'No.Show up to work at a professional office exposing your midriff, see how long you last.
Comparing Apples and Oranges. Trudeau ads don't mock any disability. Just point out the silly things he has said over the years.
Another person who does not believe in earning your place in life. How sadly pathetic.
Yes. Who was in charge then? Not the Conservatives, surely?
well stated.
LOL, corporations have been by passing democracy for a long time, somehow that doesn't seem to bother folks like Hudak... hypocrites...
Doctor's are hesitant to prescribe because a physician should not be in the role of gatekeeper keeper for rec cannabis. It's all their fault of course, trying to kill us with their big pharma garbage and suppressing cures for cancer.
Do you want the OILSANDS shut down??? typical left wing stupid comments!!!
Spoken like a true reform hack - avoid the point at all costs and stay on message.
Were the authors aware that Donald Trump has a 13% chance of winning the election? Why aren't we reading about how Hillary Clinton would reshape America?
More then a touch skeptical he has any idea about the middle-class, considering he lives in a mansion.
In any other province, Prentice would pay, and he should pay for being so politically inept, but in Alberta? The sheep there would vote for a bale of hay with a PC label on it.
Calling someone a liar? That could be a matter of opinion. Vile disgusting human being. Wow, you must be a righteous saint to feel that you can say something like that.
This is total BS claim. Even today the false talking of shortage of workers are fictions. Without the birth control China would have been much worse than India.
these bins should also be made mandatory at the doors of all office buildings, where people who should know better thoughtlessly cast off their cigs.
You are seeing things.
I believe the comment is with regards to anything that covers the face completely. No masks, no pantyhose over the head, no face paint, no niqab. Make up, beards, sunglasses, tattoos, turbans do not cover the face completely.
I believe your guess to be correct. I always thought he had some sort of low level sociopathy.
Vaccines exercise the immune system.
who exactly is being bullied and intimidated here, if not the handful of women in question?
Your use of the word denier is an abusive smear that tries to associate those who may not agree with you with Holocaust denial. It is an odious trivialization of the the Holocaust.
Worried that this big game, trophy hunting story is going to shine a spotlight on your favorite activity, eh?
But the taxpayers did pay for his stylist...
No, I really think Mulroney still has that record.
They elected him, don't expect them to jettison him.
Wow!!! 237 comments.. 237 anti P.M. and Tory comments. That Mr. Harper fella sure must be a bad guy. Wouldn't want to live in that country.
Not True. Nasty woman. You're the puppet, not me....sniff, sniff...
If anything, it is the NDP which had kept much quieter in the Spring, the first time around, and let Trudeau do all the talking, so it was more of a surprise when the NDP suddenly had to deal with the issue and could not avoid it any more.
Ed op: My list includes all non-functional clothing. The whole concept of "modesty" is a Judaeo-Christian imposition and has no place in modern society. All clothing not necessary for warmth or protection from environmental hazards should be banned.
'In a Conservative backbench stuffed with less than stellar lights' There aren't many bright sparks on the Conservative front bench, either. Whatever intelligence might be there is smothered by ideology.
Harper made almost the same comments and he was PM at the time... I don't put too much weight on this kind of stuff but if we are to criticize one... also criticize the other.. Harper 's experience seems to me should make him know better
THat's really, really very witty.
I sure hope you are wrong -- I hope that Canadians are not willing to sell their country for a few bucks in their pockets.
I picture a sort of Dantean theme -- the grey-haired damned driven in masses around an auditorium by a demon contingent of slick brats in short pants.
Because his family has chosen to keep it private.
Bravo Miss Gagnon for writing what so many people think but dare not say by fear of committing a crime of political incorrectness. Canada's sacred cow eh......
O.K. Did somebody edit this and if so how did it get published ?
It also gets printed in stories as spelled, no tricks.
This 'anti-gay' law clearly states it is directed against the advocacy of homosexuality towards MINORS.
...and some people are saying that property owners should get subsidies to build lane-way homes from which they then get income.
That would be un-Canadian !
In a civil society you do not discriminate against people because of your ideological views.
If the editors wanted to be truthful they would have used the headline: 'Pay The Terrorists Whatever they Want'But they didn't want to be truthful.
So vote for junior and invite the jihadis over for tea and a discussion about root causes.
cool story bro
Internationally, the Canadian term 'Honest brokers' means cheap son of a gun. (Or similar words like free loader, etc.)Conservative or Liberal, no difference.
I don't see why the conservative party distanced themselves from Harper's mentor Tom Flanagan, when Vic Toews still stands head high around Harper's cabinet table after screwing the babysitter.
Nice, attack the guy personally just because you don't like what he has to say, or his politics.
The relevance of this article - we don't need any sheep from Iran.
Christmas can probably be successfully defended as a cultural holiday. Good Friday, however, should go.
if CSIS will only arrest you if you are telling the truth, you have no worries
Discourage what? Cater to what? And just what are you trying to encourage? Your own specific beliefs and fashions?
Seems to me Mr. Sanders provided a lot more analysis and depth than your typical hyperbole.
He's a psychopath. He doesn't care. I'd even say that he's evil.
Prime Minister stephen harper has just completed his ninth annual summer tour of Canada?s North. . .. can you say nine photo-op tours for team Tubby ?? how many Millions of YOUR and MY tax dollars have been wasted ???
Would you agree that men's and boy's issues are everyone's issues too? Your choice of words confirms Buster's point. You focus on women exclusively and ignore everyone else.
A lot more than Harper did for his non voters.
I see you haven't bought into JT's 'new style of politics' rhetoric and prefer the standard Chr?tien liberal style of divisive partisan ad hominem attacks. I tweeted your comment to him. You made him cry.
Merely another example of the USA having no clue about foreign cultural values, sectarian and tribal power politics. A case of if you have a hammer every problem looks like a nail.
Perhaps Mr. Simpson. should advocate government sanctions against the Central Canadian automotive companies. If they produced fuel efficient vehicles mandated to all get 100 MPG we would make great strides in combatting a still to be proven theory.
I'm afraid that Steve found a ringer in this fella, Mark. He will be a Goebellish smoothie.
Would you want a citizen of the Republic of France to negotiate a trade deal with Europe on Canada's behalf? The Leader of HM Loyal Opposition has a dual loyalty.
Ah, if only we had a man like Chamberlain today.
You can always count on GlynnMhor of Skywall to propagate cherry picked junkscience. Yawn.
not a very lucid response...............can you do no better?
zorro - exactly.
Wente should be relegated to the life style section. Cottage Upkeep, Condominium Living, My Favorite Quiche.
fair points
What a childish post
Definitely better! Sarcasm font doesn't show in this forum.
You do realize that Dix is the only Party Leader to actually get voted in?
I meant to add that a good source of information is NASA. They are actual rocket scientists: http://earthobservatory.nasa.gov/Features/GlobalWarming/page1.php
You are part of the problem, not part of the solution.
Then why is the NDP tanking in Quebec in favour of the Conservatives?
Is that you, Dean DelMastro?
I is so here!!!
You are clearly ignorant about feminism.
A beer strategy ......I give up !
How many NDP MPs will cross the floor to the Liberals or the Bloc Qu?b?cois if Tom is still there after the leadership review vote?
Yes, but it's still not nearly as bad as Walmart. :)
'Translation: Outside of legalizing pot we have no clue what our policies are going to be'You translated incorrectly, If the Liberals release their policy too early the Reform/Conservatives will steal it and claim it for their own.
Some African countries have among the highest growth rates in the world. Most of the migration is from troubled Middle eastern countries.
Indeed, russia is a pretty pathetic case for a country. I've been there a number of times - miserable, unfriendly, uncouth people and third world living standards.
Try using the same logic on Muslims and Arabs. You wouldn't last long.
Much like a non believer trying, and failing, to take a moderate and unbiased approach to a religion.
What, that you're a sophist? I have your entire posting record.
Gates demeans himself, associating with the Fantino element.
Prove it. No? I thought so.
If you Google solar power in China you will be able to get the info from multiple sources.
Why didn't she run in the Oakville riding she coveted as a Conservative?
London Free Press , Stratford Beacon as two examples are Toronto Sun papers with their tabloid editorial policy that thrives on us and them politics.
' is a technocratic nightmare whose unintended consequences are undermining its good intentions.'The road to hell is paved with good intentions. I credit most socialists with having good intentions. Just a fundamentally unworkable plan.
Right on Buckley the hawks are real strong when its someone else making the sacrifice.
I think there needs to be a gradual changeover to taxing wealth more than income, and the older you are, the larger a concession you should get, to acknowledge that you have already paid a lot of income tax.
OOps I neglected to add, that Mr, Harper sanctioned the bullying of Mr. Cadman on his deathbed. What is lower than that?
Clod. Stop with the hysterics. Harris didn't cause Walkerton, he was weakly found to be a contributing factor.
He is nothing of the kind. No Social Warrior would ever support the EU. It hardly supports and protects the little person. Doug Saunders is starting to sound like a Capitalist in a lamb's coat.
And Legal Aid needs to be available for civil cases as well as criminal. Amazing how much harm one person can do to another without the actionable harm considered criminal or worthy of legal attention.
Nothing to be afraid of. Trump will be great for America and the world.
'a third world welfare state'?Last time I checked 'third world welfare states' are not in the G8, but I'm sure that won't stop you from spouting even more ridiculious drivel...
Yet you drool over Simpson and Lawrence opinion pieces that are not objective and massively bias against Harper. Why is that?
http://www.baldwinresearch.com/alcoholism.cfm its not a disease and its NEVER been proven it was ... as for free will, none of have authentic free will but we have a certain control on our choices
Blithely or Realistically?
He still was born and raised in Ontario. And it shows.
In it's simplest, Lamont,'Your nonsense is worse than my nonsense.'
you and mh must be smoking buddies
I have seen a lot of 'locker room talk' interviews with pro athletes, and they all say that it doesn't happen Wrong demographic and wrong locker roomsFat old guys at golf clubs engage like that on occasion...
I hope you are also teaching your son (with equal time) about the problems with all religion, in general. Otherwise, you are just promoting hatred against muslims, and that puts you in no better a position than the muslim texts that you cite.
Censors? Not censorship, I think. The Globe and Mail is completely free to decide what can and what cannot be posted to its own comment board. You may not like the decisions, but then you are free to take your business elsewhere.
or conservative....
Well then, johnny boy--you clearly imply that you know what a psychopath is, but fail to follow through by providing us with a demonstration of your dazzling intellect. Maybe you can look up the definition of popinjay and get back to us.
Try telling that the the socialist Scandinavian countries who lead the world in many social ans economic indicators. Don't be confused by the facts.
It was Clintons campaign that started the birther issue. The evidence is there. Open you eyes.
You have a lot of excuses, MMackinnon but no truth to back you up.
'Seems the elite are sore afraid their precious mantras will be violated by Trump.'Huh? It sure looks like the 'elite' is being brought into Trump's administration. Are you blind?
Let's put it this way....If a bull only get's things done less than 3 out of 10 times....he's soon baloney!
The lies started with you. Name a single Palestinian leader that has made meaningfulattempts to pick up the torch.
Change how rich people think about food. The vast majority of people are just trying to put food -that isn't dirt and moss- on the table.
Who is the Drama Queen? It starts with Conservative.
Can you say who the scientist is, or what his expertise is?
What missiles? Has anyone remotely referred to placing missiles in the Ukraine?
And they want money from people who are not culpable.
Guess you missed the hatred during the referendum, conveniently so I might add.
going backwards into retrograde religious belief is in no way progressive
Agreed. no matter how you justify it, BLMs just TORPEDOED their Canadian creditability
I'd rather pay for the CBC in my taxes if it were accessible via a set top HD antenna by all Canadians than to pay for a watered down not 1080p Rogers/Shaw/Bell version at $80 to $100 per month!
...especially in Quebec.
Yeah, I didn't agree with your characterization but didn't think it rated to be deleted.
@western patriot Evidence: 1. h$ttp://campaign2015.fairvote.ca/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/Why-PR-Review-of-Evidence-updated-version-2016-01-13.pdf 2. h$ttp://www.electoralreformforcanada.com/research-and-resources
I think siding with terrorists against your own country used to be called treason.
this has nothing to do with trump idiot.
It's not up to you what she puts on her body, bud.
Stew: You sound like you are a conservative. We need to rid ourselves of the primitive and simplistic reactive politics that have been promoted by conservatives and Neo-cons alike. They will bankrupt us with their ridiculous tax-cut politics.
Well, if we're all citizens of Canada, the normative expectation is that we can all benefit from the opportunities offered by that status.
In Australia they do not face winter and -40c/f. On a remote Canadian reserve winter provides many technological challenges. Something as simple as a frozen pipe can be a major catastrophic event.
Only because of the stupid alternatives to Harper.
So nsdave, now he did not win a majority? you people who are really that ignorant of FACTS should get help.
Are you proposing an inquiry into First Nations 'corruption and waste ' ( your words ) like they are doing in Quebec ?
Olivia Chow started her mayoral election campaign by saying, when she was asked what distinguished her from David Miller, ?I?m not white and I?m not a male.? Is Renzetti outraged?
HahahahahahaBeing a treaty and aboriginal-rights barrister, Mr Rath is just trying to ensure his cut of any payout is as large as possible
But of course you failed to mention that Tommy Douglas did NOT implement a eugenics program. If he had, then history would have been different. But he didn't.
the only thing this topic is an opportunity for is for left wing governments to justify more taxes and a growing bureaucracy that will further interfere in society
HR's purpose is to protect the employer form liability, they are not there to help the worker, unless war and fuzzy platitudes counts as 'help'.
The world has more females than males. Has for thousand of years. Equal rights for pay, employment, health care (planned parenthood). is not feminizing.... Its about equality for all.... Its 2016....not 1916, or 1816,
Rex Murphy? Is that a joke?
"But it looks like my message finally got to Obama and Xi." Good one! I didn't realize you had a sense of humour.
Nothing wrong. but it might be about time Toronto looks for is own soul stop trying to to copy others
That would be 'Have your crock, and eat it too.'
Yikes! How is fentanyl transmitted?
One supposes that the working class - something of which the media are completely ignorant - are the common stock.
Oh really? I came in 1970, and nobody ever told me that. In fact, I had absolutely no problem getting hired, as Germans were known for their dependability and superior work ethic.
When a person is designated as obese, then the insurance people can charge them more. That's how and why the line for obesity suddenly dropped. It wasn't an accident.
'Wente is a closet evangelical Christian.'Really? You should let her know; she seems to think otherwise. www.theglobeandmail.com/commentary/when-in-doubt-an-atheists-christmas/article794011/
Have you actually read any analysis on the subject that clearly indicates other economic factors are at play and that BC's carbon tax is just a method of taking from one group in order to give to another?
Way to go SCC, You have proven that the SCC can't be stacked with HarperCON nitwits.
Ah, but were there false pretences? Another Dr. Don Meredith? Harvard-trained mediator, etc. ? Je suis Phil ? ??????????
up there with that plagiaristic idiot wente
* sorry: ARE not valued....
Non-sequiter...saying Liberals are in fact worse, because Wynne is horrible. Maybe. But we are talking the feds and Harper and his mistakes... you are just trying to change the conversation.
Seriously, what are you on?
Perhaps Shangri-la will take your snobbish hide back and let you work on your language translator app.
This was peurile nonsense. It reads like a 'free-man-on-the-land' pamphlet.
Maybe it's time for the family owners to get off their lazy backsides and do the work themselves?
That's it Rio... stay klassy... DOOSH
DJay: thanks for showing us via your post that a Canadian from anywhere is very capable of not thinking.
Care to back that up with a credible link?
Pretty sure your argument would constitute focusing on a "thin edge of the wedge" problem. You're claiming checkmate and the game isn't even chess.
I don't recall any of the articles relating to Trudeau having the ban on comments which is the topic I raised.
Acually I don't care who is responsible as a tax payer right now I want to know where it went and when. THEN WE CAN TALK ABOUT WHO IS RESPONSIBLE O.K.?
Reason #16 why I will never vote Conservative again so long as Harper is the leader. A 40 year streak comes to an end.
Let's 'wait and see' if we end up with a police state? I don't think so.
Jimbo; You forgot to mention the 21 "sick" days that are taken off what is left of the year. There is no doubt that the teachers' unions are part of the problem right now.
I see this offering is not being moderated. Is there any hope for the first posting, with quotations from Graeme's book, seeing daylight?
I don't think this writer was living in 1970's Britain.
Agree - worse still is a leftist whiner
It's much too early to call.
Anyone would be better than Joe Oliver.
So maybe we need an inquiry into why Canadian political leaders can't/won't work a solution with the first nations folk.
There's two standards for acceptable comment: one for themselves and one for us.
Now see what you've brought forth, R M !
Renewable energy less expensive than the current energy sources? That's not what Bloomberg says..: http://www.bloomberg.com/view/articles/2016-06-01/renewable-energy-isn-t-about-to-doom-oilwho to believe, who to believe.....
Yes, wouldn't want to disturb muslim readers.
Hey, when the going gets tough, the tough go drinking!
It is a huge assumption that London will remain the preeminent financial capital. A lot of companies set up operations in London as their base for Europe. If they are outside the EU, then they will be looking to moving somewhere inside the EU.
A good start might a provincial sales tax like the rest of the provinces.
My god. Justin has truly embarrassed Canada on the wold stage again. His behaviour after the France terrorist attacks was despicable and cowardly. Plus ca change.
is the sky blue...
It ain't necessarily so.www.lakescientist.comp:///learn-about-lakes/lakes-climate-change/lakes-and-greenhouse-gases.html
Before I read the column I thought: I know what Wente is going to argue, but how is she going to say it? How can you make the argument? Then I read the column, and all I can say is that this lady is a very skilled writer, an expert rhetorician.
Many are already weary of his pompous lecturing ... his repetitive rhetoric and his greedy personal international agenda. This man needs to read his job description and acknowledge it is based on being for Canada and is paid for BY Canadians.
Art. Please provide a link to where the PM actually said that he was going to run Canada like a corporation.
That's a half truth.
Keep digging Richard.
>So in your own words, what IS going on then? (No conspiracy theories on oil, and pipelines and Jews and military-Industrial complexes please! And definitely not UFO's)
She's not a journalist. She's a columnist. Any on line comment that fails to see the simple difference, is likewise worthless.
Shouldn't a woman who drinks on campus while underage be expelled from the school?
Jeffery speaks. Sound waves resonate in empty air brains. All is well in progressia.
I am skeptical of a huge coalition of 'Christian' 'Zionists' who weep and cry for Israel while plotting its demise through the return of their God.
Indeed. Let the peace movement begin. The revolution is coming. Rage against the machine. Power to the people. Make love not war.
I don't know what the Globe was trying to achieve with this, but I'm pretty sure it failed.
Good point. His brother is definitely an enabler, and his close buddies seem to be doing the same. If they really cared about him, they'd encourage him to step down, get out of the stress and deal with his issues
Given all 3 parties have liars and cheats in them, what's the alternative?
And btw what are you doing to combat the crazy Republicans that use the name of Jesus to start war? Or is it just more words on your side and no action?
I asked my husband the other day 'if a Nuke is dropped on NYC would we also be fried.' Trump is going to make some other government mad and it won't take long either.
If Rex Murphy is Canada's Rush Limbaugh with a thesaurus, Wente is our Ann Coulter without one.
Worst post I've ever seen on theglobeandmail. com.....and that's really saying something.
The more we read about him the more this seems to be a case of a deranged individual driven by homophobia and self-hatred. Whether this was supposed to be a grandiose way of committing suicide-by-cop we'll probably never know.
He didn't deliver a subway and while he went to their homes, he also took away from those who needed help most with his cuts to many services needed by people who are struggling.
"Which has the bigger turn out? superstition franchise outlets on Xmas Eve or Xmas Black Friday Super Saturday Boxing Day sales" --------------------- So - because more people do something, that legitimizes or validates it's reality?
Makes a change from the Rex Murphy's and Campbell Clark's.
Why would any one move there? Assuming that your from Ontario I'll tell you why people want to live here. No humidity, many beaches all over the city, far less snow, no loony mayor, and a lower unemployment rate.
Fair enough, I think the issue is more nuanced, but I was just repeating the already overstated language of the breathless Ms. Gagnon.
I didn't like Klein, but he didn't deserve this.
Don't see why people are voting this down. It is a small thing (which is the point). Drinking and driving is many orders of magnitude worse (and how many politicians have done this). But it will be 'up to individual Canadians to judge.'
The Globe and other MSM outlets regularly delivered dissections of Harper's psyche and how he was 'cold' and a 'control freak'. Lawrence Martin even wrote a whole book on the subject. Liberal supporters need to put on their big boy pants.
@AntiFascist: Here he is again! It's a rhetorical question but do ever post anything here that has even the slightest relevance to the subject and isn't an anti-Israel rant? Apparently not! Kind of predictable and boring - even for a troll.
That's all most Liberals need - a name and hair.
by all means Uberbut first you must compensate the taxi drivers for paying hundreds of thousands for their licenses if you do not have license for the competitor, which is UBER competition must be on a level playing field
September, I mostly agree with your post with one exception. True it may not be 'broken' but it is worn out and needs replacing.
There's another kind of politician?
There you go Ravi - just like your friend Dickie - incapable of a sound argument - you must strike out and be personal - your tendency to deny others an opinion which differs from your own sort of types you don't you think ?
The term 'partner' came into use around the 1980s, because it was becoming common and acceptable for couples to decide to live common-law and reject formal marriage.
No, but you could stop most of them if the vaccines were 95%+ reliable without herd immunity levels having to be at 97% or higher, and if some health officials and mass media writers weren't so arrogant in talking down to them.
Andrew you have a loser mentality. You are poor at investing so everyone else must be as well right?
Did you cut and paste this to the wrong article?
51 state? yes no question effectively we are
That's not how nature works. Going counter to it will have consequences
Excellent used for oil. We just have to stop burning it.
Hmmm....do you think a lot of gay men will out themselves while waiting in hostile Muslim refugee camps? How high are the buildings?
Mexico was the only one at the table that set ideology aside.
So would any other leader of that time.
if you are browsing these comments, you are definitely a divorced, unemployed loser. get a life
Yeah, but harpo had to close down a major cast guard base to afford this. How is promoting history more important than saving lives? What happened to austerity?
Perhaps you will convince MLA's from the PC party to walk across the floor and join the Wildrose.
No, using politics in self-interested way to do well after politics is a problem.
You had this answer ready before the article was written.
Ah, but you read the article didn't you? You need to be careful what you wish for!
Young people will not be stupid or young for long
The idea that solar farms will deprive us of farmland is stupidity.
Left of RightYou are proving my point by attempting to be dismissive. This is not about the fashion industry. It's about weak men still trying to put women 'in their place'. Like you.
Sorry, it was Tony Clement...
Propaganda.. nuff said!
Defending Israel's actions is like defending the Allied troops in the 1940's as they opened fire on Nazis in Europe.
well Edward, if not for the Polish Cavalry at the gates of Vienna, September 11, 1693, you might well be bellowing "Allahu Snackbar" as we speak... http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.mx/2006/09/other-september-11th.html
Simple, Duke? Renouncing Iranian citizenship requires the approval of Iran's cabinet, the the Council of Ministers.
Last I checked, Anne Coulter was not the President of the US or had personally killed or converted anybody. As is Graham. Anything else you sickening apologist ?
Maxime Bernier left top secret documents at his biker girlfriend's apartment. You plan to vote for him.
ThorsHammerYou're 100% correct/no argument from me..
Ambrose, marijuana is as likely to spark depression as cure it.
Right! All this arguing about transfer payments is like arguing whether the money comes from the left or right pocket of the taxpayer. To hear the provinces argument is assuming that Ottawa has this pot of money that comes out of thin air.
I know! she should coach the Leafs!
I will vote for Trudeau. The reason? He is NOT evil, nor Satan incarnate ...
I think their intent is to offer it to racist clowns from Europe who come to Canada along with their inbred families members. By the way, couldn't you find any Roma's in your community to beat up or are you hiding from them again?
Which we did - on Oct 19-15. A majority of votes were cast for parties that advocated replacing first past the post. The vote has already been taken rich. Did you miss it?
"chaplin 50 minutes ago What a remarkably crabby, small-minded little man you must be..." Says the person who posted elsewhere that most Canadian women are "ordinary housewives".
'We are educated and informed and pro choice when it comes to vaccinations.'...Well, one for three, anyways....
Exactly. If Trudeau had not accidentally bumped into Ms. Brosseau, this would not even be a story. Just a lot of hot air from the Globe & Mail and other media.
wow didnt know they support the ontario liberals then,, hey pal, how are the fed liberals doing adding some 50 billion in the first 4 years to our debt any better?
The judge was expected to make an example of Duffy; instead he made an example of Harper and Wright. Good for him; but if he could have made an example of them all, it would have been better.
Unless you are speaking English. Then it's "Hail Harper."
You have a better idea?
Thank you for your reasonable, sensible voice.
And the first to go will be Manitoba, Saskatchewan and Alberta who have far more in common with their neighbors to the South (Montana, Idaho and North Dakota) than they do with eastern Canadians.
That is preposterous.
as expected, some Dick shows up unwanted
I don't think your comment contains any claim which is supported by facts.
No wonder we are getting fatter and do not indulge in fun sports. Make cities immune to this type of litigation unless there is extreme neglect. Tweak the laws.
I'm sure many TFW's would kill to have the protection of a union right about now.
Unless it was very briefly after graduating from university, the 52-year-old Clement has never held a job outside the public sector (or while working for the Ontario PCs, one largely funded by taxpayer subsidies).
Looner you have proven that ' officematt' deserves to have a new online moniker. Perhaps 'Door Matt 'might be an appropriate replacement! It seems that your reply did force office out of the conversation. Kudos Looner
It's funny how puritanism is now a thing of the left, too. ---------------------------NOW?it has always beenlook at Communist China with women in Mao suits dressed like menor any Communist countrycommunists are leftists right? not punning on 'right'
Aren't you the usual white male Canadian hiding behind a few books you've read. After 62 years, you'll always be the usual white male Canadian.
Mr. Doyle has gradually become a less and less interesting columnist.
what is elbola ?
Welcome to Canada in Toronto means a subsidized housing building for the poor that has been made EXCLUSIVELY for Muslims ONLY. How is this even legal? Why is this allowed, and why aren't the press all over this story?
Yep, they better listen up or we'll get Trudeau Jr. to pelt them with pixie dust.
In your opinion. We didn't impeach Trudeau for imposing his partisan wishes on the whole country. Why have elections if you think that one party should lead all the time?
Trump is an assault on the GOP establishment not the leftThe conservatives always hate liberals that is nothing newThat Republicans now hate their own party is the news
I thought this article was about Mulcair being careful. Too many one track minds.
I wish you would cite examples, comcon, not just make vague insinuations.
The Star and the Globe deserve the applause of every person in Toronto for their investigative journalism on the Ford brothers in the face of deceit and abuse.
I would not want to see Billy Bishop used for transatlantic flights.
See, republican does make you more American. Expiration date is an American term, we Canadians say 'expiry date'.
then you haven't been looking.
The party must purge itself of the small minded evangelical prairie hick element that shaped its many nasty and mean policies
Certainly the world has changed but none of the religions or nationality's you mention have shown any intention to take over our countries with the threat of killing those that don't convert.
Too many Americans claiming to be 'Christians' have never read the teachings of Christ.
It's rather ironic that Harper's Senate appointments are the biggest blunders he's made. Time to follow through on his promise of an elected Senate and wipe this slate clean.
Yawn. More pro-immigration, pro-multiculturalism tripe from the Globe.
There has to be a change in Canada's Government before Canada can get back in the fray over Iran, the current Government will never change!
You must be joking - 'seats at the table'? The Americans and the Brits won't even know we're there. This whole exercise is a Godsend for Harper. It's for the domestic market and to prop up Conservative party polling numbers.
Great column. Thank you Rod!
Typical right winger....they don't want government to intrude in their lives, except when it is an issue that they feel strongly about, then they are all for government restrictions and intrusion.
Funny how the term 'progressive' has been hi-jacked.
It would bring back better communication lines between parent-child-teacher, without other parties involved.
Toronto Star Wheels section reports that they have received many complaints from EV users that range is lessened when you use the heater/defroster or air-conditioner.
Factory farming is appalling. That's reason enough for me to avoid the meat aisle.
Hardly cheap. Maggie is guilty of stereotyping, and if a man did the same she would be outraged.
Well said. The Ontario Liberals have proved that indeed you can fool all of the people all of the time.
Where is the flaw? Fact is most people who blindly believe that there are no negative effects of raising minimum wages have a weak grip on how business decisions are made.
It's not the G&M who frustrate you, it's the outsourced moderator service located in communist Winnipeg with it's Red River that is deleting anything that is anti-feminist-leftist-hillarist ....!!!
Thank GOD !None of our political establishment would be allowed anywhere near any global corporate executive suite !
Trouble is that all the serious contenders (Manley and others) gave up on the party. It's left with the likes of McCallum and such.
Is running a deficit a wedge issue? Universal daycare?
It should be sold at Loblaws, by a guy named Bob.
You really crushed him Jack!
Everything you say is true... but I still don't think I could have been prepared for the alternate reality that took place on Debate night. It was surreal.
Really - someone pays you to post this drivel or do you sit around all day waiting for inspiration? BTW - it's kumbaya and it means Come By Here (Lord). That song really should be right up your alley as you and Steve hold hands and sway.
With that attitude, you must work on Obummer's White House, eh?
Women + children are a majority in any country. What is your point ?
Europe figured it out, I'm sure we can too.
When did you last see a woman wearing a niqab in Canada? I've seen a nun more recently.
GHorsnellLet health care be in the private sector just like all the goods and services we receive. Rather than a means test, lets give the poor a guarantees annual income, then they can access the private system.
100% accurate, unfortunately the liberal propaganda team will have this comment deleted like every other post that doesn't praise their god.
@ KevinfromCanada: Not all Canadians are warmongers.
I agree; the right wing radicals that currently govern in Ottawa and Victoria refuse to speak about citizenship and discourage people from thinking like citizens.
Because it was sold as a minor walk in the park and a chance to justify updating military equipment and training. Also it was a sop by Chretien to George Bush for not going along with the invasion of Iraq.
I do wish you'd get off the damned thing and stop polluting the posts.
Hold on. Marriage is a cheat. I'll write my story tomorrow.
I assume the Kansas City supporters are making the same prayer.
whooo!!!! - into the strooooonnnnggggg!!!! !koolaid this morning!!!! yumyumyum!!! no freaking grip on anything remotely connected to reality - what a trip!!!!!!
Canada has a great claim to the Arctic. Denmark doesn't. Don't be a Euro colonial.
Only animals? You've just put yourself in the same bucket as Palmer.
Karen Stintz accused Mr. Ford of "abdicating his responsibility", but since Ford has never accepted responsibility for his actions, an abdication isn't possible.
Its also an existential question as to what bous issue the republicans can construe to get electoral support in the next election.
spin and a missfrom the man who helped undermine ichrdd from within
RobL44- Please try again. this comment is gibberish.
So will you vote for them again?
Democracy in Egypt is a mirage.
lol, married men PITYING single men! lol. I don't think wente knows anything about men.
The SCC disagrees with you there (I don't).
and the liberals will legalize it as fast as they scrapped the GST.
The carbon tax has nothing to do with the dubious PCT and its carbon trading scheme. I know there's not a chance I'll convince you otherwise, but the carbon tax is working well.
and the cost would be ? not just the capital but the crew cost for a full year , the 10 months when the ship is in port.
God you're pathetic, Globe and Mail.
Unable to assemble a cogent counter argument, a person will often resort to the ad hominen defense. Here we have a classic example.
Ah yes, the good old argument ad hominem.
What childish nonsense you spout.
Nobody loves more government than a Canadian.
I would like to see Marois remain Premier of Quebec for a long time, since the people who were stupid enough to vote for her, deserve her, and she deserves their inevitable and bitter disappointment.
I am no supporter of Putin, but how do countries like the U.S. and U.K. have any moral leg to stand on in view of their illegal invasion of Iraq in 2003?
Governments defeat themselves-even those run by a megalomaniac.
There is a difference between ordinary Canadians and their government.
New and unimproved - the neo-liberal Canuck.
As the saying goes, as we devolve toward a corporatist government the truth has become poison, and may the best liars hold office's of power!
Once again, waynec1 shows the conservative value of hatred and non-tolerance towards all others.
Wow. A powerful, powerful column. Thank you, Tabatha, for sharing your story and educating people about the fact that rape is about the violence, not the sex.
except she supports canada being subjugated to a foreign inbred family of dimwitted billionaires forever. For that reason alone, i will not vote green.
I could give a ratsass if the FBI had access to my phone. So yes I am happy
do you expect people to read your post after seeing your monicker. Look up that word as I'm sure you have no idea what it means.
When he returns, he can vote.
True, although very high BP or very low BP is one of the more alarming problems to have and needs to be managed. When I say very high, I mean 200/110 and readings like that. A stroke is just waiting to happen.
Ummm.. what's your point? That you don't have 50 thumbs up?Works the same way everywhere.
Nobody said any such thing.
I agree, the enviro nuts are just nuts. Let them live in the stone age.. oh, they want to go to Rio and party? First class too? Gezz, just like FIFA.
Nice trolling.
The city still runs a surplus thanks to the land transfer tax that Ford promised to eliminate but still has not.
Perhaps if you opened your eyes...
A predictably stupid editorial with zero thought put into it ....The most disruptive and dangerous force in the Middle East for over half a century has been Israel.
I don't see much objectivity in your post...
Liberals are afraid to hug a war criminal :-)
This column belongs in the Toronto Star.
In Ireland, we know them as 'Bog Irish'
If you actually live by precept #5, you wouldn't denigrate religious Canadians [#1], and there are millions of us, bub.
'Notice that global warming is never an issue in the winter when it is -35C'Are you saying that this article was published in the Summer? Or are you saying that it isn't Winter and it's not -35C?
Road hogging? Each streetcar can hold dozens of people, and at rush hour they are stuffed from end to end. The number of cars to equal the streetcar length (3-4?) probably have no more than 4-5 people in them. Which one is the road hog?
Iran is an enigma. It would seem that they should be more concerned about their surrounding Sunni Muslim neighbours than about Israel.
OH, please!
Another problem to be address if it is taking up spaces that would otherwise be used by Canadians students.
So you want to buy a 1970's design? Why not go all the way and buy Sopwith Camels from WW1.
Couldn't agree with you more Mr B. One solution could be to force all companies to pay the same pensions and benefits that unionized government workers get and if a company can't afford the cost the taxpayer would step into fill the gap.
OgtheDim; What are his politics? Please tell. I don't know.
Yeah, it is embrassing to be correct so often lalee. I notice you couldn't come up with a single example of a subsidy to 'Big Oil' either. Most people would be embarassed to wallow in ignorance. Lucky for you, you're made of sterner stuff. Too funny.
Good analysis!
As Mr Edney realized long ago.
Is there a better candidate???
How's the weather in Moscow?
as usual, low on factual research and high on sweeping generalizations, MW.
'Ineffective'? How about 'lying'?
'Ask yourself why a former Toronto mayor never had his children removed? Money, white, lawyers'This is a great example for stereotyping on your part, bud.
will the last male on a Canadian university campus please turn out the lights?
Trump is the establishment and he is connected all the way up. You're only fooling yourself.
But so is the Globe and Mail for allowing its type to do this.
Leeflynn, Thanks, but I'm almost certain that if you actually knew me, you'd absolutely hate me.
That's easy for you to say, pal. But don't try to tell me your like Dubya Bush - a compassionate conservative. LOL
This is why they call California, Taxifornia.
I have a better idea. We could make the deportations involuntary, and transport the deportees in the holds of freighters in the interests of economy.
What a farce. Maddeningly slow incremental changes are a liberal thing. Conservatives are more given to excremental changes.
A sane person finds it impossible to take you seriously, Miller. You are always ranting. You do indeed despise Alberta and Albertans. By that alone, you are not a true Canadian. You are here just to google things and act like you know stuff.
What ..the multinationals will pay for pensions and day care and sick benefits. There is no need for unions ...If I work hard they appreciate me and promote me to chief AXe kisser. Get rid of unions... corporations =LOVE!!!!!
Solar panels and installation from home depot were piloted in the Ottawa Market. The trouble was panel prices fell so quickly that consumers were able to get a better price from the independent installers as Home Depot prices lagged the market.
"7. Everyone has the right to life, liberty and security of the person and the right not to be deprived thereof except in accordance with the principles of fundamental justice." Any other questions?
Please quote a comment and tell us what you mean.
So many words, yet nothing of consequence said. Give it a rest. The editorial concerns the last PM.
My post of 9.35 EDT was on behalf of the Crown in Ontario, and awaits moderation behind some twenty-four others published, mainly unsigned. Arnold Guetta, mathematician on behalf of the Crown
Ad hominem attack. Hallmark of a weak argument.
Besides, could somebody please explain to me in what way Donald Trump is not one of the elite himself?' Agree entirely. Good for you. See my post.
You can't generalize. Some of us don't like Suzuki style science, but still like animals. Who doesn't like animals? They're so innocent.
By the way, I have lived in Alberta for the past 27 years.
Yep, when the going gets tough there is not much separating you whiners from the Quebec Separatists. The irony runs thick.
What is your disabled point? Don't get old?
I just finished reading this article and every comment on it. Every single one of the comments took a position against this article for various reasons - every single one! Does that tell you something about your opinion Mr. Aziz?
The answer is the NDP, the only honest, progressive and intelligent party left in Alberta.
Especially since they have no ethicalqualms about cheating.
Nine of out ten Quebeckers that I know speak fluent English. How is your French?
No need to consider any real evidence in this decision making process. Remember, our PM is an admitted stoner so he knows better than a bunch of medical researchers. Amazing hypocrisy.
You clearly know little about Catholicism, if you think the absence of biblical literalism makes it go all the way into absolute cultural relativism.
If you read carefully, you would understand that the stupid decision comment referred to the decision to scrap the long form census, not Trudeau's decision to reinstate it.
Take us with you, we may not have as much, but we cn make up for that.
And then came the COP 21 Agreement that will receive it's first signatures on Earth Day, April 22nd... hopefully. Let's see whether our species was meant to last much longer than entry into the Anthropocene.
Your post makes no sense.
This is an insulting generalization. Plenty of 'anti-vaxers' use facts and logic, relying on historical facts that warrant skepticism when it comes to mass-vaccination policies.
Who do you think you are to pontificate on how she and millions of others who also wear the hijab, to observe their religious beliefs?
Spoken like a true neo-nazi, cancer and all, fully ignorant, bigoted and delusional: congrats i guess. What a ludicrous garbage...
The line that 'Canada will be more effective' by not fighting ranks up there with pretending that the refugee effort is anything more than Canadian reputation rehabilitation and grandstanding.
We heard you the second time.
Wow! A handful of comments with well over 100 votes are getting dropped because they don't meet the Globes standards. Looks like the censor got the phone call. 10 bucks say MtlIranina last place comment calling whites racsist stays though.
Give your head a shake! Harper has been lying to us for years and wants to keep on doing it.
Yes. It reminds of the punchline of a Swiss joke - 'Everyone in our village speaks four languages, except the village idiot who only speaks two.
Immigration of Syrian refugees? Ban it! (Until we can figure out how to weed out the potential terrorists in the bunch). Right.
totally agree. I've been quite critical of Simpson lately, but not this column.
The worst part is that more money they get more greedy they become.
Someday Quebec will have its freedom and independence. It will come. Both Quebec and ROC will be better places for it.
Jason Kenney 'personally popular among Alberta conservatives'? What kool-aid have you been drinking?
It appears my comment didn't cut the muster. Good to see censorship alive and well.
Alexander, don't be dissuaded. You are correct. Time will prove the veracity of your assertions.
Your right, many are cowed. To cowed to speak some sanity on this war against men and masculinity.
In that case wouldn't it be more ethical to retire before the election. But who would expect ethical behaviour from Conservative politicians.
Bob Stanfield and Trudeau is a better example. In a time of rampant inflation, Stanfield campaigned on implementing wage & price controls. Trudeau campaigned against the idea. After the election, Trudeau implemented wage & price controls.
A big financial scam to dress up new tax revenue, all in the name of saving the planet. This is going to cost everyone of us dearly.
He certainly didn/t run on any pipeline issues (promises)...but there was a stink during the election when the Libs and TCPL were conflabing on pipeline issues... and it was thought that he was off and running on Energy East...
There is a similar phenomenon with the Democratic Party where the youth tend to support the crackpot Sanders. Of course when the alternative is Hillary, who could really blame them?
Let's not overstate our roles in the world. Canada-US relations have very little impact on global civility, but I suspect they do help Canada-US business and government relations.
How Swede it is.
I always preferred MARTIN's dad. Paul Sr.. Sharper man and a potential leader, who was swept away by Trudeaumania within the Liberal Party.
If you were impressed by the whiny ten year old who didn't want to do things with his buddies, it says a lot about you. No wonder Harper didn't grow up normal. And neither apparently did you.
Are you really that ignorant? WHAT NEP??? There has never been one!!!
But still at the trough.
Then by all means go ahead and submit all your private information voluntarily. Just leave those of us who value our privacy alone. Coercion (and lying of course) are two of the most commonly used tools by the lunatic left.
Comment #6 and we have our first Godwin!!! Hurray!
Cancel all tax breaks. Why should someone with money be given more money to save his/her money?
They weren't Edmontonians... they were bused in from elsewhere.
What can be done to change this?
how many gay athletes do you think there are competing you fool.
so harper likes wiebo ludwig then. hmmm
Following todays attacks and death on Parliament by terrorists, what do you now suggest!!!
No, like zedebra in the zedoo.
'But lacking the warmth.'ROFLMAO!!!
big pharma- please invent a drug for growing lost teeth, falling hair, drooping boobs. thank you.
Most intelligent statement to date on this subject, destroy the ideology and you destroy the movement. Muslims have done this before, they must do it again. Bombs do not work.
Orwell couldn't have set up this power structure any better.
"freakazoid" is what the "public health" mafia has become
Climate change is a much larger threat than terrorism. Not to mention that this entire crisis in Paris was manufactured by the intelligence community the same way the 911 attacks were a fabrication.
Exactly. The only candidate who scared the media more than Trump was Reagan. Their hysteria and predictions were ludicrous. And he only became one of the greatest Presidents of the 20th Century...
Who is paying for Christy Clark's current Salary as an Un-elected person prancing around as if she were allowed in legislature?
@ The realist. Most firefighters would never work at a scene for 24 hours straight. They would have relief crews to spell them out
Who are 'none of us'? What group do you represent? Do you have the authority to speak for them? I don't understand your comment.
'How a preening, bellicose racist was allowed to trump American values'Shouldn't this read...'How a preening, bellicose racist has continued to reflect the values or lack thereof, of many Americans?'
Maybe we in Canada need a more vocal contre-soci?t?.Or else, one day, we'll be the ones failing to ban burkinis and resorting to stockpiling food.
If this unqualified, college dropout, snowboarder gets in, we are completely fooked! Shame on anyone who would risk putting such a questionable entity at the helm of our great nation.
Most Americans did not hear, nor would not care what a visiting PM from Canada had to say... you over inflate how DC deals with these things...
You realise that during the election campaign he didn't commit to any action with regard to the TTP, right?
Every single sentence a blatant lie. Good work, Peter1410.
no one said you are worse ... just that you should not vote here
MacKay runs a close second. Who can forget his fawning crush on Condi Rice?
so...you and konrad are like minded... it doesn't mean you are necessarily correct
Another, Want to ease the suffering of your working life? Don't suck up to your corrupt corporate employers and don't kick down on ordinary working folks.
Gary Mason claims that NDP supporters are 'no doubt questioning the very existence of the party.' No - that's only in your rather vivid imagination Gary.
This was as close to a purely political trial as we have ever seen in Canada. It was never about the vindication of Mile Duffy. Given the facts, that was almost a certainty. It was always about the vindictiveness of Stephen Harper.
This article claimed that 68% of Quebecers supported the Charter. http://www.huffingtonpost.ca/2013/10/22/quebec-values-charter-pq-support_n_4143017.html
Sandy, Yanukovich came face to face with the reality that democracies work on the basis of government by consent of the governed. By failing to understand that principle, Yanukovich, like Morsi, went way out of bounds.
And where are they all coming from? Right out of Preston Manning's 'school' for democracy?
Actually there is something the haters could do. Sign up as 'supporters' and vote for Garneau. marcgarneau.ca
Maybe there still is a Liberal senate seat for Lawrence...............
You should run! You're a great public speaker and you will clearly rise above the mediocrity that defines our politics! Huzzah! Huzzah!
Following your logic(?), I guess that means that we can now ignore Mr. Suziki and Mr. Gore regarding 'Global Warming'.
Bairdo, if you think that was humour, you didn't finish kindergarten.
I guess climate change has not yet reached inside the beltway.
The Harper Government TM has been the worst government in the history of Canada. I can't wait for the return of the federal government.
A bunch of unmarried males telling the rest of us all about the state of marriage. Like a blind person giving a lecture on the beauty of impressionist paintings.
Yes it is complete crap and has been debunked many many times//www.hc-sc.gc.ca/fn-an/gmf-agm/seralini-eng.phpI have many more refs to scientific opinions of it if you want more.
Impact exists as a verb, but not in this sense.
There will always second and third class scholarship; you cannot get first-class scholarship without it.
Unfortunately the author sees music as good only insofar as it promotes Islamic values... which is exactly as totalitarian as when the USSR only permitted music that promoted soviet values...
Kenney will put a depth-charge into Alberta conservatism. There. Fixed that.
'Ruling government' !! That says it all. Like yourself, Harpo appears to think he was elected to reign over us.
I'm tired of hearing sermons from highly paid parasites in the charity business. How about a war on preaching?
Any individual can reject the indian act MBQ. Its as simple as individuals living their lives as independently as possible. Everybody else manages to do it
So, Martinezz, what you are saying is because there are some religious people who are attempting to impose, therefore Quebec is right to tell ALL religious people to shut up and stay closeted?
"and whyhy should scientists be able to speak their minds when it is related to government paid work?" Because they work for Canadians and citizens have a right (I would say obligation) to know about their work.
I remember them. Also remember Shawinigate and the Sponsorship Scandal. Also remember the Airbus scandal. What is your point? Should we not, at some point, expect better from those we elect?
Yeah, but we are so cool...
...and he is laughing all the way to the White House. How do yo like them apples?
It is probably faster for me to cycle to several nearby supermarkets and shops than it would be to drive there. Like Berig, I live in a fairly densely populated urban area.
Not at all. It is paid by tax payers and was introduced to reduce poverty in the 1930's. Many seniors need this money and for those who do not it is taxed back.
Or Jan Sobieski...
This has nothing to do with worldview. It's like looking at a polaroid of a paintbrush while missing the entire painting. There is zero substance. There is zero information.
Says who, you?
(That's 'her' work resume, sorry).Thanks, Seth, it needed telling.
Definition of a conservative: Someone who has enough money to make life difficult for those who don't have enough money.
To clarify, when I say "this is the same state", I am referring to USA.
Interesting. This column was published at 3AM and disappeared from the portal pages by noon.
And Israel's prime minister must renounce the killing of Palestinian farmers.
best education involves getting off and staying off the Reserve.
And I don't actually disagree with what you wrote. It's just what I wrote is what I believe... can I bear the stench.
pin point accuracy
You're right. I guess we shouldn't expect better from the US.
ontario is broke... how will you pay for it
There has been no invasion.
What nonsense. The European debt crisis is rooted in socialist-welfare states which have convinced millions of lemmings there is an endless supply of money to take from those who contribute or produce, and give it to those that do not.
such a shallow 1d1otic analysis !
Excellent find!!
Sure, nobody ever drove off when the light turned green, still studying the text or typing a response. Or maybe you expect them to ask the drivers behind to just wait while thy do it?. You can learn lots of new words doing that.
Fair enough, but Canadians are the ones who ran with the puck, so to speak, and popularized the sport, a few frozen Brits long ago notwithstanding. Besides, if you listen to the Brits, they invented baseball too.
A sound summary of devious Steve's Machiavellian agenda.
Reminds me of a pow wow that I attended in Montreal in May, with people of many colours in attendance, enjoying the day together. Actually brought tears to my eyes.
or better writing.
Here is a very good reason to get out of Syria as quickly as possible: http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2015-10-22/proxy-war-no-more-qatar-threatens-military-intervention-syria-alongside-saudi-turkis
The parti of Ren? L?vesque was a large coalition, return to your history books.
Keep in mind that medical personnel have families too. They work hard all year and want to enjoy some family time as well.
'Transitioning?'How 'bout 'elaborationing' or 'intoxificationing?'
The bizarre viewpoint that simply balancing a budget is somehow "neo-Thatcherite" shows how far off in space the left is.
Even small puddles are not as shallow as the Leahlime post !
Yak probably means in the groupthink rather than physical population sense.
Rochdale, you through me for a loop there.
Rae, as usual is well spoken, articulate, and insighful. Too bad about that whole almost bankrupting Ontario disaster he oversaw.
The resources are there. We pour billions of dollars into health care. The problem is that there is a HUGE amount of waste in the system.
Why can you never comment on the issues under consideration? I.e. the topics the editorial raises.
It is amazing how many posters are not stopping to read the message before piling on Harper.
The empty seat/podium isn't really needed. My hope is that the other candidates keep their debating civil between each other, and rake Harper and the Cons over the coals.
I wonder if the Oxford English Dictionary would include their pronouns?
Do you understand who is in charge of the house? It isn't Trudeau despite his attempt to look like it is himself. And there was no confrontation until Trudeau turned it into one.
because Bud, if you don't come out it will be assumed you are heterosince most gays are cuter, handsomer ...this is like saying 'Ladies, I am not available... don't waste your time'
We don't need mathematicians in Canada - we'll just ship any of that work to India, along with all the other jobs we ship there.
Just think of the workers. All they want to do is get the job done and go home without the hassles.
You mean Justin uttered a Justinism.
detalumisMy secret has been to adapt. That resulted in a minimum amount of adaptation for my kin. How are you planning for your Altzheimer?
Stay on topic. What is your issue with the PQ??
Why would yo be shaking your head? Because the people actually involved have a different opinion than yourself? That's pretty arrogant.
And what of the last 9 years under the 'regressive conservatives'?
Yes, I think there should be a column titled 'He's sociopathic, should Harper have ever been elected PM.'
Marine Le Pen has promised a Frexit vote if elected. This will prove to be a winner. Yakster will predictably moan on about another 'shocking ballot-box upset'.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Global_cooling
What surplus...
Let's hope you are right, but many people are swayed by sensationalism and media bias. They believe news anchors who are biased.
Thanks for the belly laugh... seriously though do you like harpoon's hair piece or what ??
can you summarize that in simple paragraphs of a billion words or less?
Like it or not Canadian emissions are going down!
'Our Bill of Rights never had a chance.'We have a Charter. I'm not sure whether you're an American troll or just so ignorant of Canadian law, history, and society, that you could get it wrong. But whichever it is, you got it completely wrong.
I've heard of guys going there whole career and never fighting a fire.
You are so right.
Spring will soon be here, time to buy a new 'tinfoil Easter bonnet'?
...Never send to know For whom the bell tollsIt tolls for thee ( Jon Donne)....the bell is tolling Canadians, ringing loudly- Stop Harper- vote him out
Harris - unlike Dalton - did what he said he would do, and he saved the province from Rae's reckless spending. Check the facts dude. Harris: best premier in my lifetime.
Drivel eh? There was no increase of $60 per sticker? Let me take a wild guess Ratbag (good name by the way) you ride a bicycle. No increase in that land transfer tax? Richt. You are the only drivel Scumbag1
Just be aware, if you get into to trouble outside of your country don't expect help. Better yet - never leave.
This 'journalist' is always offended.
You call that 'proof'? As for your freedoms. Let's see where they are a couple of generations from now.
Brexit was just the same. There is a wide spread feeling in France, Germany Sweden and Netherlands that their lives are being destroyed by fiat from leftist autocrats rather than built.
Toll roads aren't a driver-pay system, they're a driver-pay-twice system. Gas taxes more than cover roads. I'm surprised at this as a Globe Editorial. Should we start selling schools and hospitals next, like we did the 407?
'crickets'
Well, that certainly riled up the rightwingers, didn't it.
This from a country where ice fighting is the national sport? Physician heal thyself.
It's good to hear from an expert like globeonfire who knows more about Islam than it's own adherents.
Margaret Atwood penned this in 2003, it seems even more relevant now. https://www.thenation.com/article/letter-america-3/It is a bit dated from the comparisons but give it a chance.
Your intent is unarguably admirable. However what would you propose. May I suggest that the lesser of these two evils are being forearmed, without blaming defense as very antithesis, the offense.
Great One!
http://www.capabees.com/content/uploads/2013/07/2014-CAPA-Statement-on-Honey-Bee-Wintering-Losses-in-Canada.pdfsays differently.
That will be indelibly etched into the hearts and minds of generations of Canadians to come.
You mean they should write articles with actual content ?!This is the G&M ..... far ahead in the brain drained it would seem ...
Koch Bros. at all are putting their money into the Senate races, supporting the garbage that has corrupted Congress for many years.
It's even more frightening that voters actually buy into this porkbarrelling.
Sorry, but the subject here is OUR PM HARPER. Nobody has said anything about Obama except Harper apologists like you, in your usual facile attempts to justify the indefensible.
Now there's a run-on sentence if I ever saw one
See what I mean? Let's all remain equally unimpressed.
Nope. I am neither astonished nor amazed. I pay attention, you see.
They didn't "make it public". They advised Congress. And it became public. From what I've read it looks like advising Congress was not an odd decision and may have been necessary.
You are rightDoug Sanders and those with NDP mentality just can't think right - pun intended
He should've gone to the gay parade,
if you can get around my dog.....I'll just shoot you
This is a satirical comment, right?
Another 'unspeakable'...When Laurier made his statements on how he viewed Canada's role in the 20th Century, the thought was the the 100 million would be primarily of European stock....
If it's all so contemptible, maybe you should hang out somewhere else.
Do you have some evidence to support the premise of your rant?
The Buffet / secretary thing is a consequence of differential taxation of investment income, which has nothing whatsoever to do with the topic under discussion.
Another appropriate posting name chosen, Mr./Ms. Boogeyman.
A lobotomy would be an improvement for you, since there's no evidence of you using your cerebral cortex.
Sorry My bad. Didn't read it carefully the first time.
I thought he/she was talking about the brothers Ford
Could you be a little more specific. It is clearly not Mr. Trudeau or his sensible pro-legalization message you are speaking of; I cannot figure out who or what you are referring to.
Modern Canada is founded upon ethnic cleansing and genocide. Very well said
Another tediously predictable Globe and Mail contribution to the media pile-on against Trump. Boring.
P111: as usual, you get it wrong. saunders did not 'imply' trump's policies are racist. he stated it. And he is correct in doing so.
You are welcome to purchase one of those one-way tickets, because your beliefs are obviously out of step with Canadian law and the general Canadian public.
Very well thought out and intelligent analysis. Scotland will hold another vote in independence and this time probably leave. We don't know yet what will happen but my feeling is the EU will show no mercy.
@Rogue Chimp "not so much the other way around." And how exactly do you know this? Other than because you "just know" I mean.
Coursera. Udacity. EdX. I now learn from the world's best, for free. I've been to Stanford, John Hopkins, MIT, etc. It compares very favorably with my Master's Degree from a highly ranked Canadian university.
No, the patient is healthy except for their dementia. Consent falls to a surrogate by law. The cost of care averages 5K per month, 60K per year.
while Harper is destroying the Canadian international peacemaker reputation in the process... oh wait: is it already destroyed?
Yes, I would tell college age boys to stay away from women full stop.
Most conservatives I know are had headed business types, they follow the money
Explain yourself MBQ. Id be interested to hear just what it is about the moving process you find so complicated?
so many reasons why, read a book.
'India's China War', by Oxford scholar Neville Maxwell, is a damned good read to understand China's philosophy on diplomacy. Available from the Toronto Public Library.
Dave Spart will continue on P 94.
No individual except the sovereign can claim eminent domain. You might try actually looking at the law of Aboriginal Title, rather than just making glib remarks about it.
Russia has no right to intervene in Ukraine.
Quit semi-knocking the computer. Remember the days of typewriter and white out.
Jack's a few bricks shy of a load.
Hi Etown, Is a drug pusher responsible, or the addict? Actually, the day is done for pointing fingers. We need all hands on deck.
@evan lewis - what do you define corporate responsibility to mean?
Nova Scotia Environment Minister Andrew Younger relied on parliamentary privilege to refuse to give evidence in a criminal trial just two months ago. He was then fired by the premier.
Excellent article -- several thoughtful points. BUT where is the outrage against the slaughter of men, women, children? Especially situations where heartless-cowards go after innocent, helpless, unarmed, (majestic) fellow human beings.
Quit watching Hollywood movies in an effort to prove a point. Trust me, "how obtuse" existed well before Shawshank Redemption. Your an idiot... what movie was that from again?
Equals? Boy these idiot mountain 'tourists' from the rich countries think a lot of themselves...
"""...the death camps started World War Two.""" ??????????????????????????????????????????????????
Bwahahahahaha. next they'll want to be paid in US$
Yes they are Chrissie. They are to be fighters previously flown by the USAF.
Some Canadian milk producers - you do know that cheese is made with milk ? - are going to be squeezed.. And the Europeans want nothing to do with hormone beef. Strange people over there, eh?
How about ' A typically Tory story? '
Marge: What did you learn in school today, kids? Lisa: We learned where Canada is. Homer: Canada?..way down there.
'Mr. Chavez failed to create a political system with a meaningful system of checks and balances.'And he's expected to accomplish this in 14 years? How long does it take most countries to do that?
Holy cow. Have you even been paying attention to politics for the last 10 years?
There is, however, this thing called justice and it must be colour blind otherwise we have anarchy.
Daghestan was semi-independent until the Russians conquered it in the 19th Century. Chechnya and Daghestan were briefly independent during the revolution / civil war period.
Indeed there is, because the Yes side are insisting that a separate Scotland will, in fact, be more prosperous. No pro-independence politicians are making the poor-but-happy case.
According to the article, the shrinks never even got the chance to defend him.
'Radical Parallelism' exists largely because of the political views of Supreme Court judges.'
yep, that'd be correct.....Harper, enemy to anything i& everyone except those who kiss his a__ and Big Oil! Pathetic!!
WOW. Well said.
Sure....'Randy'.
Why didn't you buy AK's if she was so well-versed in their use and care ?
Wow, is that true? If so it underlines just how screwed up we are and how powerful the car and parking lobby are. That said, the design of this line does suck, and I say that as a user.
Maggie114 - if you're 'stocky', you'll fit in the seat. If you're overweight, it will be extremely tight, if you're obese, you're going to over-flow.
hey pal, when you do it with 1000 donors its alot! try again your ignorance is shining
The whole point of the bill is to limit younger voters from voting as the vast majority of them will not vote Conservative. Everything else is just a smoke screen.
Congratulations Emilio: you are a fool, easily tricked by a demagogue who has no idea what he's doing. PS, Trump's fraud trial begins this month, and he's got even nastier trials on the horizon. You've been duped.
We all work for money, I get that. But healthcare is a calling.
I did. It is not insulting to point out someones ignorance if they have made an effort to put it on display.
All I want to know is why 99% of the in studio audience on day time talk shows are women, is Hollywood the Mecca for the modern women.
Just Tom, Think harder man. Richard231's comment is purely a play on the anti pipeline logic to the airline industry.
You know, if you want to use 10 dollar words, you should learn to spell them correctly. And know what they mean.
Even conceding that Ontario voters decided that she was better than the alternatives.
In hindsight, trying to rig the assessment hearings in favour of the pipeline backfired badly. I wonder if the current federal government or the industry will learn from this?
Bit like the band...
She speaks the language and has contacts there, it is normal that she would do research there, but she has also done research elsewhere too. She has been living and working here for decades, that is not being a citizen of convenience.
Why do restaurant critics always have to sound so pretentious?
'It's indeed ironic that Canada should tolerate apartheid within the state while condemning it in others. A nation cannot call itself democratic if it's laws do not apply to all its citizens...
I'm aware of a number of serious crimes committed by members of Islamic State, but not genocide. Please provide information to back up your claim.
The great depression in the 1920s?
Only blind followers would accept him. Plenty of those to go around.
A rather warped opinion of the conservative mind you have Gary Wilson.
Harper needs Quebec and a bit of Islamophobia plays well there. Purely a political calculation.
My sympathies. My Mom is 91, still reasonably focused and mobile. I shudder to contemplate the future, however... Her Dr.'s 'Do Not Resuscitate' order may not, in the end, be enough to avoid the possible pain and suffering...
In recent times, the Globe and Mail, Star, and CBC are pretty well indistinguishable by content, and CTV is the television version.
Thanks for bringing tears of laughter to my eyes, Elizabeth
The Globe and Mail has endorsed Harper in the last 2 federal elections.
I believe we should wait until Congress has finished with it. The last I heard was the statement by the House Republican leader saying. we'll examine it more closely and then I think we'll kill it.
It might be a good time to buy a town in SK
It's an Op-Ed piece, not an actual news story on the trial itself. Being the latter is the 'justification' for closing comments, as it is for other criminal trials, though even that practice is inconsistent.
The quality of Liberal propaganda has declined sharply since Christy Crunch took over. Perhaps she inspires those who, like her, attended university but never earned a degree.
Only in the bizarro world of the CPC politics does this make any sense. It was totalitarianism not communism that created millions of victims. Next up, a monument to the victims of NATO liberation in Yugoslavia, Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria...
I would hope so. This is not provocative thinking. Just provocation.
It is obvious that this story was kept quiet until AFTER the election involving Wynne's twin Trudeau. With Wynne in Ontario and Trudeau federally, there is no telling what depths this country will sink to. It's now limitless.
Easy dear, just don't say anything
Actually I do, but maybe it is you that does not? Do you work for the government? Seems so
Are you really that simple? credenhill was NOT referring to looks! Wow!
your assumption that 60% voted 'against' the conservatives, is not valid... many voters mark their ballot based on 'relative preference'by the way...'progressive' does not imply better... it is just another point of view, with its own can of worms
the MOST canadian team is LA
Why not use the word racist, pal?? you can tell you can not defend your position when you bring up words such as xenophobe.
They do and have been for a very long time. Look it up lmfao
Should have followed up with why do you still have one of the biggest mass murderers in history on your currency?
Look at G&M Comments. A Moderator. Oh if we vets had only known.
Fundamental religious beliefs, mixed with hatred for others, combined with ongoing conflict, and questionable leadership, all brought together into politics! A very poor recipe for hope!
The McGuinty/Wynne Liberals slashed corporate taxes and cemented in place Harris's reckless incomes tax cuts that created the massive Ontario deficit.
I am another angry old white guy. If you give me your thumbs up, I guess I'll up yours, too.
Thanks for calling my grand-parents'simple'. I'll refrain from stooping to that level with you.
Global greening is much the same as global warming and is a load of garbage, - - - - - - - - - one volcano eruption wipes out ALL of the results, - - - case closed.
LeBreton is a long time political veteran, imagine the dirt she has on any number of people.
That's what happens when 60+% of the population don't support your ideology. The only people that fear the population are the conservatives. MrC
It is also better weather!
Building 'social infrastructure' is not investing, it is pouring money into a black hole.
from Berig in Rochesteryour comment makes sense Cindy,
Here's a bit of news, Bud: not one reputable climate scientist says that.
Being rational and balanced about the extreme right is like being rational and balanced about Nazism.
And Bob moved from the Ontario NDP to the federal Liberal party where he sits and pontificates. Bob knows stupidity.
We get it but we don't buy it any more than we buy the rest of such silliness in this paper.
Thank you for once again stopping by to tell us Canadians how stupid we are. We really appreciate it- especially when you are busy with your own election.
Sorry read 'rural' not urban.
The right to vote is an attribute of citizenship, not residence. What is it about 'every citizen' that Professor Orwin doesn't understand?
Have you checked the statistics on firearms-related casualties in the US lately?
Getting a haircut isn't a pivot.
you're welcome not to live in Quebec Keith, how about getting a life not spent pushing your religious privileges in everyone else's face?
Well then harper could lose his toupee and his eye liner.
HERE here !
Liberal Party connections and fans?
But it is. By both men and women. Opinions, especially yours, aren't facts.
Foolish, what has this got to do with Ukraine? Ukraine is not even a member of NATO. It would have more relevance in relationship to the Baltic states.
Poor Thatcher. After 25 years from power she is still being blamed, hopefully credited, for Brexit. What will Harper be blamed for in 2040 ?
"Germany can now produce half its electricity from solar power... June 2014 " That was for 1 hour of 1 day on a state holiday.
Progressive This would give the poor a chance to chose where they wish to live and not in a ghetto.
According to Bob and Doug, if only Rob could lose some weight, then everything would be just fine.
You missed seeing what he proposed that was shot down by the nutbar Congress?
Are the salaries not already competitive? How much more should we be paying?
Gender War in the G&M discussion forum ..... aggressive women versus dastardly men.... and the winner is ..........!
Hi House, Who's Suzuki? The loudest voices I've heard calling for climate action in the past year are the heads of the IMF, the World Bank, the OECD, the International Energy Agency, and a VP at PriceWaterHouse Cooper.
sneakypete says I am taking Coyne OUT OF CONTEXT but does not explain we have just his word, not good enough so Pete Sneaky why don't you give us the Contest of Coyne don't be so lazy in a debate you have to make a case come on use your wits
The Canadian State has always been socialist, liberal are more communist and conservatives more fascist.
Sheep: There is no such thing as an unbiased media. All media have biases, revealed or unrevealed. As an informed consumer, you have to be aware of them.
sad, funny, and true all at the same time...
Won't be able to do Jean Chretien impressions either.
I agree, Kellie Leitch is the same old same old and time will not improve the product. Who do I call to report Barbaric Conservative Practices.
You may disagree with her but ... I 've been reading her op-eds for for awhile now and I believe that she is a very ethical person.
Celebrities are sickening when they get involved in politicsbut this is not politics
Joey Bloggins is such a wiseman! Your discourse is made of accommodating vision. Well or xenophobic maybe!
Yes, what she's writing is beyond belief. Some of us do get the actual news from Europe as opposed to what this misguided, deluded writer is trying to sell us.
To be fair, they have done things differently from the Liberals. The Liberals were at least ashamed of, apologized for their misdeeds as well as having them investigated.
So many clich?'s, so little time.
Ever heard of Kathleen Wynne?
Brave words. But will the Globe, in the end, support the Conservatives?
By the time you add all the wiggles in the income tax form, then HST etc. the marginal tax rate actually becomes >50%Why work ?
Thomas: ' eliminating waist''?? an unintended pun perhaps?
@ plefebvre are you saying that those of the Jewish faith are to be classified as 'non-white?'
I especially liked the Kennedy/Johnson team who brought us the Vietnam debacle. Obbie has been a wimp in comparison .....invading 5 countries and launching over 1600 killer drones.
Lamont, Check it out yourself.
Sorry, but your reactionary ship has sailed: The SCC has already ruled that all Canadians, regardless of whether they are employed in the public or the private sector, enjoy the same economic rights.
Well, our defence minister is over there talking to them. That seems like a sensible thing to do at this point. When he's back you can ask him, because remember you can actually do stuff like that now.
Pierre Poutine, of course. They seek him here, they seek him there, they seek him everywhere... Sure they do.
Good article and kudos to the free range parenting movement. We live in a fear based culture and sadly this fear has been influencing how we parent our children for some time.
Drive-by trolling keeping your fevered little mind busy?
And Rabbi Elmer Berger said that 'after the Palestinians, the Jews are the next greatest victims of revisionary Zionism'....how true....I think they are far too bright to be led around by that crowd.
It's not just at the college campuses. How many newspapers are shutting down their comments section? How many comments are eliminated even though the comment makes no threat of harm.
There's many European countries with taxes as high or higher than France. If your explanation is correct why don't those countries have similar issues?
This article fly's in the face... a complete contradiction of articles coming out of Sweden. Read this is you want the truth. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.ca/2012/08/the-malmo-experiment.html
I'm not saying it's not a worthy cause, I'm just staying stop this BS in the media saying we should bomb another country "because Obama told us to."
Take off the rose coloured glasses buddy.
Who are you referring to? George W. Bush, or Dick Cheney?
which canadian wrote that Jetson? and if you seriously think that a Margaret Wente column represents the thoughts of a nation, you really should be on some meds.
Ya its all a big cover up!
This article reminds us of living under the Nazi rule in Europe.
He's the steaming pile of excr*ment.
Most criticism of whites still comes from white Liberals.
This is a great start and very pleased to see Alberta being led by a thoughtful and strategic-minded Premier.
The American version of Christianity spouts the same anti-gay nonsense. Don't be so selective.
' Thank you Globe and Mail for publishing it. Canada supports religious freedom... perio?d.'Does Canada support religious freedom at the expense of other freedoms, such as freedom of speech? Freedom from religion?
Changing the rules to spend taxpayer money when the private sector wouldn't touch it with a 10 foot pole. Stick 50 microphones in Kathleens face NOW.
They have a 50/50 chance of getting it right
Criminal doesn't even come close. While children go hungry and have unclean drinking water, this is indeed criminal.
LOL, not when the government dictates what the benefit provider has to cover, and when employees pay the premiums.
Given the widespread abuse against journalists, why is no one asking about other potential targets? And what standards are local and provincial police following? Canadians want their rights back in every sector. not just on the federal level.
Excellent, this is whats needed for all FN persons. The same right I enjoy on my land.
A recent poll has the Libs and Tories in a statistical tie. The Pan's fairy dust is running low already. Angry Bird and Peter will battle it out for second place with their 'community activist' candidates.
You've been misled.
Fawzi: 35 years of service by 53, huh? So you started at 18, with at best a high school diploma, yet managed to wind up in a position that paid about $110K a year. You'll understand my skepticism.
I think you need to reacquaint yourself with the straw man fallacy.
He is their base, no doubt about it.
You can't handle the truth!(Didn't Jack Nicholson say that to Tom Cruise...)
Anything to say about 'alleviating suffering'?
Once again, YOUR ideology is well on display. Loser.
The downturn in the Alberta economy at that time had nothing to do with an NEP, one of which we have never had. Time to remove those ideological blinders when you read your history.
You are an idiot. Approaching 2 billion Muslims on this planet. The vast vast VAST majority of whom are not terrorists and do not support terrorism for any reason. Period.
But I bet you're equally against increased immigration.
Yes, when people from his own circle are calling him 'Nixonian' it should give everyone pause.
Canadians have a reputation for being poor tippers.
Quebecers know Trudeau. The ROC not so much. Quebecers know that Justin is an imbecile. The ROC is still learning that fundamental fact. Mulcair loves Justin. Harper is probably indifferent.
lol ... to the sanctimonious, give them shelter in your house.
male bovine excrement - the Liberals have been sucking up to the GHTA with money for their bread and circuses for years while starving the rural and northern regions for years
maximrw - what's backwards? THe coward's a Harper?
Reread that comment, you didn't get it.
The Harper Conservatives who remain can't handle the truth. Yet. One day in the far-off future, Conservatism may be just progressive enough to warrant consideration again.
Germany is in the process of building 23 new LIGNITE coal plants to help stabilize their grid. So much for Germany's solar success.
He can read. Menus. Pamphlets on left wing conspiracies. Where's Waldo.
So apes officially have more rights than unborn humans. Way to go...
You missed a few billionaires from the Left. Michael Bloomberg and by former U.S. Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson. The media also doesn't mention it when Bernie Sanders talks about revolution.
Wente's past drivel always leans towards Harper and his Reformocons. Nuf said.
Typical socialist here who insults anyone who they disagree with. Shows just what bullies union thugs and socialist are.
Jack wins the debate
A million people in Saskatoon? Quadrupling in 35 years? Doubtful.
Answer the questions DJay. Stop whining, and answer the questions little fella.
Try raising the interest rates. Where is the incentive to save when you get less than 1% at the bank.
Federal Libs under Chretien were responsible , provincial Liberals in Ontario are not. Almost 40% of the population lives in Ontario so the Liberal brand is somewhat tainted on the file.
Are you willing to extend that same tolerance to the unborn?
I'd be paranoid too if I was stealing from the unemployed.
We did not defeat Nazi Germany by good. We defeated Nazi Germany by righteous and merciless crushing violence.
Since they are segregated by sex, not gender, and sex is biological, you are 100% correct
Where is death to Harper mentioned Lazy Beaver 1's chatter ? Death may only be in your ability to read and to reason. Not disgusting, just pathetic.
So you didn't bother to read about why it might be a problem then. Your mind's made up, so you don't want to be confused with facts.
To be fair: Jeff Simpson opposed the Unfair Elections Act.
Yes, we all get paid by someone, what is your point. You seem to think name calling is a substitute for scientific facts. It is not.
Blaming Harper for that... The provincial liberals get a free pass? That is hilarious!
More silly pot-stirring from Mike.
It's called divide and conquer. Ask a nurse, a teacher or a BCF worker what they think of the NeoCon Liberals.
Never let selective facts get in the way of story about empowerment.
Perhaps you are unfamiliar with C51.
Yes, but this is the LIBERAL Party and Rationalthought and all his buddies know that whatever the LIBERAL Party does is wrong.
Do you mean the Liberals?
in order to fight it you have to call it out not embrace it.
They are hoping that your like-minded US elites move north.
Dude!,...not all Boomers vote Liberal. BTW 'Math is hard
And everyone should have a pony.
Your caps lock seems to be stuck on.
Some insight from living on a farm with live stock: Pigs are very very smart. Also if given free range very clean.
I've literally seen bus loads of childrend doing the grind as a part of their field trip. It is not dangerous. People can do it sandals and jeans. Sure they'll be more tired but they'll make it.
Cops are not judges.
If 25,000, then the priorities should be:FamiliesChristians or other non-Muslim sects. high to VERY high proportion of women. The last point should be an easy one for even the Liberals to believe in....
Funny, the current government assumed that a subsidy to parents would result in the market providing additional spaces. It appears not to have turned out that way.
Barely hurricane Sandy roll in on top of high tide which added 3 to 4 feet to the surge , how come that's always left out .
That 'empty suit' still has the Liberals 7% ahead and the Conservatives back below 30%.
American has gone through almost eight years of decline under Obama. Nothing could be worse.
Comparing Christians to Muslim extremists is ludicrous.
In reading Moon Gowlers comments ... I wonder is he trying to prove that his BS baffles brains
That's called 'argumentum ad absurdum' in logic. It's the same as saying that same-sex marriage inevitably leads to people marrying their clothes dryers.
6% of a huge number is still a huge number.
Good summary of Putin's regime and the depths to which Putin has dragged Russia into. The Kremlin trolls are in a tizzy and are having a hissy fit.
The Supreme Court already abandoned that principle on sentencing.
Jeff, The fact that you will not let this go indicates to me that you are a troll.
Not just Swedes...
French forces should be nice and fresh after having sat out of Afghanistan... excluding a few hundred soldiers contributed as part of their international obligations that is. There is no reason for Canada to get involved in this mess.
To which the music-banning father says 'you're female, your opinion doesn't mean anything!'
Watch for Margaret Wentes next missive. She is the weather vane for the upper management.
Interesting... unsustainable condescension, out of the blue
'..You can't get more autocratic than that!..' - really? Harper shut down parliament because he was about to lose a no-confidence vote - that seems considerably more autocratic ..
Absolute LICK-SPITTLE !!
Shouldn't you be typing a resignation letter Ibbitson?
And we're not that far behind the US, are we?
To debunk the sycophants? Trudeau basically put on a red sweater and said 'this is the coolest green sweater ever!'; this article is simply saying 'it's a fine sweater but... it's red'.
sara palin = fingernails on a blackboard
Her hands are safe for 25% of the population who work for government. I just hear the snap of the gloves while she prepares to use those 'safe hands' on the rest of us.
You wouldn't know.
Has nothing to do with Harper.. what's he care? The US anyone? I don't understand your point ... The US like Las Vegas?
I imagine this sounds familiar to you because you heard things like this screamed at you whenever it was leather belt time at home growing up.And now you have internalized this and just repeat it over and over. Seem about right?
steve - exactly !
how big is the liberal posting group today!! 40 posters?? with 1 account!! do tell!
this guy is an embarrassment to the Globe.
If the medication won't be available until November, there is no particular urgency about getting a new regulation into place before October.
And just what is it that the Harperoids are so anxious that we not hear? Hmm?
Very well said, S. Walker.
Ding! Ding! Ding!
The NDP had their best showing in 24 years. How's that a failure?
Of course it is .....
AllanRoss- 22 hours ago Scientists aren't members of caucus are they Prog? -------- no academic freedom for scientists in the universities? the scientists are still publishing are they not? not getting funding is not the same as muzzling
Kayaks_rule. Ms. Wente is paid to write opinion pieces. She is not a reporter where 'facts' are required to tell the story. What you read is her opinion, nothing else.
Masked people invading schools, ISIS would be proud and likely recruiting in the area.
Then go to a different lawyer - its not like there is a shortage of lawyers. Just as you went to a different doctor.
And why are the immigrants and 'foreign workers' willing to do the jobs that native North Americans often refuse to do? Maybe they have a stronger work ethic.
so two drunk people have sex and the man automatically a rapist.. interesting. You know police don't even like dealing with drunk women for fear of unfounded accusations? When a women uses that word its guilty until proven innocent and they know it.
Nonsense. It has not served us as well as you might think. Horse and buggy served us well why did we ever change to cars?
WhyIougha - Would you like me to list all the other benefits teachers get that the majority of the people paying their salaries do not? Perhaps you should take a look at the whole picture, vs. parcelling little buckets of entitlement.
Israel was not founded by European immigrants, it was founded by Jews (due to centuries of anti-Semitism). They didn't invade or impose their culture on anybody; they just went back to their homeland. Once again, you make a specious argument.
The fact that you have to change the way you say it proves everything you say is extremely loaded and biased. It is euthanasia. It is assisted suicide. Stop being so afraid to say it and come to terms with what you are trying to push on people.
Unfortunately, it happens all the time. Ask any police officer who's worked in a sex assault unit.
And those free trade agreements are part of the reason that our young people can't get decent jobs. Well done, and good to go!
You mean rent white man owes from treaty.
Please. The Senate meets a minimal number of days each year and there is no requirement the (s)he be in attendance, beyond ONE DAY each session. You're making excuses to do an end-run around the Constitution - just like Harper.
Auction the country off.
The planned 'transfer' is a walk across a station platform. This is not the right solution and it is nothing but politics and a waste of our money.
In the future Republican congressmen will claim that they are defenders of the Affordable Care Act. Their hypocrisy knows no end.
It is not an ignorant comment. His point is intelligence services are also comprised of civil servants.
After I had slapped on my FitBit and checked my Facebook, I sat down and had a good laugh reading your column.
All parties do: Republicans, Liberals, Democrats, Conservatives (even progressive ones). Dippers would too if they ever had a chance.
How about you get your facts straight. Vancouver does not pump raw sewage into the environment.
I think that it is a mutual kind of thing.
The reason our economy is doing poorly is due to the fall of oil prices. The entire world is experiencing recession. If it was not for Harper we would be in much worse shape. If Trudeau gets in, our economy is toast!
.He might be whirling Sharon but his name is Dervis.
Unbelievable what a racist and ignorant lot you Harper supporters are, Half of Harper supporters brain trust are dual citizens.
Harper's insecurities and paranoia prevent him from being an effective leader. He is in constant campaign fight mode because he is constantly presenting a false front to Canadians. Worst PM in Canadian history.
The voters in Ontario were faced with the choice between a liar, a fool and a thug.
Of course rape culture exists. All men think rapists are heroes. That's why they're so popular when they go to prison. I understand they even get secure private rooms in their own wing, so the other prisoners can't shower them with adulation.
Actually i believe the SCoC had recently suggested that they will have nothing to say about changing the election system. Within the purview of the government. Unfortunately i cannot provide the article
When you call the PM 'the Little Prince' it's hard to believe that you're preaching from a neutral pulpit.
Agreed. And as for the enumerated risks, most are concerning, but isn't increasing demand for labour and materials the point of cyclical infrastructure spending.
I understand (from 'Frank') that they give it away on The Rebel! It is more like a pamphlet and very cheap. I read some of the reviews, (the ones not from the Levant faithful)
See that Normy is still replaying his old strategy, attack the man, not the message and hope nobody notices, when he has no reply
Such situations are vanishingly rare.
I've lost track of your posts! You need something better to do with your time Granddad. Try volunteering at the food bank. Thanks to the BC Liberals, they are needed now more than ever.
'Not surprising to see a member of the Canadian Lame Stream Media defending Obama.'----Not surprising to see a member of the Canadian right using a phrase from the lexicon of Sarah Palin.
Even Tesla says that 25% of the cars in North America won't be electric by 2040. Never mind the developing world....
Yeah, nothing like innocent until proven guilty - you are some piece of work, AB.
Did you even read the article?
'People are an increasing urban menace, causing untold damage to nature'.
thats why he has an article... because he is a white male the elites think his stupid BS would be more acceptable.
Agree 100%. True in all provinces and major cities. Look at Detroit if you want to see the result.
All my problems are somebody else's fault, too.
I can tell that your ego has run unchecked for quite some time. If your cause is truly noble, why do physicians engage in collective bargaining and restrict enrollment to create shortages?
First world countries, with perhaps the exception of the US, all have decent taxpayer funded educational systems too.
Richmond didn't miss the point . they rejected it
Ah yes, the true nature of the Chaser shows....
maybe you take TV news programs too much to heart ...the media are masters at making 'mountains out of mole hills' ...it's all about inflaming, not necessarily about being truthfully informative
Really? I mean, I agree that everybody looks like a choirboy next to Harper, but you do know that Manning's taxpayer-supported centre for 'democracy' teaches voter obstruction techniques, don't you?
Now they have captured StatsCan all they need is to re-jigger the election system to replace our democracy with their Carbon-Tax technocracy.
"Government makes an absolute fortunate on taxes from the oil industry." ------- How naive! Alberta gives away its oil. Your royalty regime is a gift to Big Oil. Suckers.
Because everyone wants a Lexus for the price of a Toyota, but that ain't gonna happen.
The Liberal brand has taken another beating these last 15 years as the former Social Credit Party of BC (a very right wing party) was allowed to change their name to Liberals without any protest from media or other Canadians.
she already has the same number of taxpayer paid staff as Mila!!
I prefer CTV for the news. As for CBC radio, it is so biased that it is embarrassing. On a science special, they started to rant on the Koch brothers. That is politics. Quirks and Quarks is biased by politics. The music is fine though.
Then go after her mother, she's the chief culprit.
Lesia, you were dead like 100 years ago, but still writing post and on the wrong side of history !Taras Bulba
For Liberal (mis)management style and (in)ability, people should reference Wynne's Ontario Liberals and the decade of squandered opportunities and deficits created.
Stop the unremitting use of lies.
The harper scandal's embers are still hot... it just needs a log to be turned over by Duffy and then it will burn hot again for months...
I agree. Mind you, how much are Oliver and Harper leaning on Poloz to keep consumer spending and housing afloat?
Some people intentionally chose not to join the dots....a mental state of denial as I see it.
Somehow, it seems like it was not for the cat's benefit to keep it alive. Just because we can, it doesn't mean we should.
Quite right, the Ivan in the streets over in Mother Russia is definitely the looser. They should think about having a real revolution this time around, just like the Ukrainians did. I am sure Assad would offer the Put-in a place to stay.
Dumb. Read Peter Jones op-ed today to see why I say so.
@Wileyboy": "She is the one that tells the most lies." This is very clearly proven to be untrue. If you were to make the effort to do some research, you would find that Donald Trump is far and wide the biggest liar in this sad campaign.
Whoa! Hang on: [ He has totally destroyed his own reputation and credibility.]He never had any to start with.
He expropriated one.
Actually, the navy got its 'loops' back in May, 2010, a year before the historic name restorations to the various 'elements' of the CF.
Prime Minister Rick Mercer........... sounds great eh!!!!If mail-room-clerk can do it................
Vote for the Liberals or even better, the NDP. They can print money with gusto and 'expand' the government's balance sheet. Worked so well for the Greeks.
nepacific just proved my point by defining Canadians in comparison to Americans. I don't think Robert Dziekanski had a civil and cool reception at YVR. Tasering an immigrant is behaving like a slavemaster, not a civil servant.
the article writer made money in Cuba with Castro's support, so oppression of the Cuban people is of no importonly the money
Well, if there was all this heartfelt opposition to pipelines in BC, I'd have to think the last election would have gone a little differently.
Enlighten us. What is the received "fact"?
And yet, when asked who the best PM ever was, Canadians overwhemingly chose 'old Trudeau'! And I am one of them who feel this way!
The establishment of the Shia theocracy in Iran was the trigger for the KSA to start exporting Wahhabi fundamentalism globally.
Same sort of stuffr happened in Alberta by the socred governments......so, are Albertans just to 'get over it'.
On the other hand you are whining on the computer while waiting for your welfare cheque.
No we'd rather have it refined in Canada.
So what is your point? Whose witness was he? Friends in very high places is the only reason he was not charged. ONEX and the PMO
I think Hudak's problem is zero credibility in the role he pretends to assume. Not sure when the Conservative will realize that, and that's a problem because they are the only viable alternative to the Liberals.
I would urge all Canadians to take out adds on television (if you prefer) in local newspapers and explain your views on the various Parties and Leaders. Deduct the cost of these adds from your taxes next year - lets see where that goes eh!!
Actually, Michael Douglas has since admitted that he lied about his cancer.
After the editorial extolling the conservative party but excoriating the leader; I have lost faith in the G&M's integrity.
Harper and his Party have a single atom for their conscience ... and another one for their moral fiber !
Not just Nortel - Bernie Madoff was audited as well.
remember your words today, and revisit them in 15-20 years of practice.
I could not agree more, if only 'Tea party Tim' was replaced by a Bill Davies Tory.
Wynne has repeatedly rationalized sleazy, corrupt behavior throughout her tenure as premier. This latest example of her condoning money for influence should be of no surprise.
Then, if your logic holds, should the current church do the same?
Bill was impeached and survived.
Not to mention new executive hires.
Haiti was a slave trade post that became a country. The island is not 'made' far that much peoples to live on it. The only way it can work if it's somebody else that take control, that Haiti become a protectorate.
none so blind as those who are brainwashed... or at least posting from North Korea..
And Calgary continues to suffer under his sadistic governance.
Prove it and present your evidence to any Crown office in the country and watch the fur fly. You can't prove it and you don't have any idea how the justice system works.
Why not - everyone should have the opportunity to die for their liberty - voluntarily or not.
I absolutely agree! A real editor would sooner lose his job than do the bidding of the 1% at the expense of true journalistic integrity. Especially in Canada!
Are you still talking? I need my mochachino made now...
"China = authoritarian itself is a western concept, not a Chinese one. Chinese have more freedom than you actually." --------------- I guess freedom is a western concept too then.
Nah, you're just drinkin' the Koolaid.
Western countries immigration policies have ensured that we will be living with this growing disaster forever. Congratulations to our brilliant politicians. .
Wow, can you read minds now? You must, since you can't possibly know that she has no compassion for the medic's widow.
why make such a post if you aren't interested in informing us?
Yet islamic fundamentalism is precisely what the niqab represents. People like the author who defend the niqab and see attacks on it as anti-Islam are the ones not making the distinction.
Yes indeed ! All this was or would have been blatantly obvious to anybody with even a modicum of common sense.
Yes, because in this case Ford didn't do something completely insane (for once).
'The ugly eight-metre-high fence that snakes throughout the country (sometimes it's a concrete wall) keeps the bad guys out'bad guys' Wente? You mean the rightful owners don't you?
Old writes: "Detroit is bankrupt." ================== So, having said that, the citizens there should simply call "911" and wait for cops that are not coming?
That old Obama is real war-monger eh.
It's a dead heat so crooked Hillary is just as likely to lose as Trump. Let's hope Trump pulls it out and helps the middle class that have been forgotten.
How much economy would have been generated anyway if it had been built?
Based on the venom flowing in this forum, I would say the T-lite fanboys are starting to sound a little worried.
the first step on any potential road map to senate reform....... get rid of harper... his IS the roadblock
There are no 'Harper PC's'! Harper destroyed the PC party. How soon we forget!! And I don't agree that igniting a world war is 'the right track.' The point is to keep the war going so that the weapons industry makes a big profit. Check that out.
This column should be bait for the federally funded shills assigned to help Huddak.
This article is insulting to myself and other men who do much of the cooking, dishes and heavy cleaning. Peggy must be unaware that men are genetically different than women in theimportant matter of vision. Unlike womenwe cannot see dust.
Are your white sheets back from the cleaners?
That is her sense of humor,
Not sure why people are thumbing this post down. Is the reliance of our economy on mass consumption a controversial comment?
Surely, Mr.Yakabuski, you mean Mr.Trump's 'mischief' rather than his 'mischievousness'.The latter is lighthearted .The former can have a definite malicious connotation.
Newsflash to one-eighty, teenagers aren't free!
Clearly you are in pristine condition, absolute pinnacle of health. You have absolutely no health problems that would require the rest of us to dismiss you, and condemn you to a long and painful death. Right?
Total nonsense. Is this a Breitbart theory? No evidence for your conclusions....
Thank you, Fresh.
But the advantage for the yes side is that people like to be positive. Yes is positive. No is negative. But in a twist, voting no in this case is actually the most positive action.
Thank you for this article.
'....The public demands a measure of fiscal prudence, and is prepared to punish governments that don?t deliver....'Two words : Kathleen Wynne
Harper is to government is like Peggy is to journalism. Need I say more.
Ah yes, the official party line: 'a breath of fresh air', 'refreshing', etc. Why can't you party members leave the comments page alone?
How many cabinet minsters will 'die' to keep Der CPC up in the polls until 2015?
Or you can dig sideways or straight through
Thank you! It's about time we heard a call from within for Muslims to take ownership of the internal divisions which are at the root of the current uncivilized behavior. Please start shouting!
Sorry, moon howler, but it's not 1956. Have you noticed?
Yes children, to start your own company you must first have your Papa build a printing empire and leave it to you when he goes au revoir.
Since you are online, search for them yourself. They are very easy to find. Do you actually buy the G&M or just read it online for free, like most people?
Because that would be inconvenient for all the tyrannies and despots from the region who have a large voting block. Easier to blame everything on Harper
That's because liberals are used to sodomy, also known as 'taking it for the backroom boys'
The whole editorial - like the whole Konservative platform is putting the brightest shade of lipstick on the ugliest pig - and the back end of the pig at that.
What's wrong with banking sick days, anyways????? They are there if you get sick, not to use as extra vacation days.
That's climate change first hand. Especially if ask Dicaprio.
What would Rob Ford have to do for you to lose confidence in him?
And this scares me.
Any monetary compensation to the victims should come from the Crown's kitty (the one overseas) , not the taxpayers. The RCMP are agents of the Crown first and foremost - let's not forget. This would encourage accountability.
Ever seen a politician who didn't lie? Only way to win an election.
Trump represents everything Jesus was against.
A heat trap and greatly increasing population were added to the mixture. Increased consumption of throw-away products adding to waste. Over-use of credit.
The editor is missing the point about the limos and seems to cavelierly dismiss that her only miscue was contracting with a Liberal supporter who overcharged for the service. That's exactly the problem and the canary in the coal mine.
There are ZERO base load capable storage technologies anywhere on the horizon. But it will sure get more 'Green' votes !
Because the chances are pretty good.
CONs' racist base = bunch of impotent old white guys yearning for colonial times.
AGES? And yet you identify yourself as a student.
The UN is an ineffectual and corrupt organization many of whose members are dictatorships. We have democratic elections which are fairly won, even if some don't like it. The people of Canada decide.
There shouldn't be a debate or a war. The problems in Ukraine and the middle east aren't any of Canada's concern
I am not either and i absolutely hate it when Harper or anyone says they are speaking for most Canadians.
What part of the BC Ministry of Ed do you work for?
One sick man. Should not be a leader of anything. Needs rehab.
Harper is old, fat and useless. The guy is a d-i-c-k and all Canadians know that. Time to get rid of the Harper Conservatives. They are well past their expiry date.
Your Honour: Yes I intended to rob the bank of 70,00 dollars, but I ended up getting only 5,000 --and from people who were silly enough to carry lots of cash on them. So no problem, right? Not quilty?
I think Harper will do a 'Jim Prentice' if he doesn't get a majority.
very good explanation of what many of us males never understand...
"Asian" Nothing in your post precludes protest.
Them belly full but we hungry. A hungry man is a angry man.
You do realize that Trudeau got less than 40% of the vote? Much of that vote wasn't for Trudeau... it was against Harper. To say that anybody who disagrees with anything Trudeau must be Conservative is just plain dishonest...
Bad typo, Ramsay... you meant the 'least painful and most reasonably effective way to go.' Dummy Ramsay!
No, they fall asleep on the sofa in front of the television instead.
Your friends wives should call a lawyer.
Yes, it is a typo , it is approximate 6.5billion that has been collected with an additional estimated 200 to 500 billion in missing funds.......yet to be 'discovered'
Did you come to that conclusion yourself objectively or are you just repeating what you read in the comments?
It's probably under 'L' for 'Leftist Scum'. or maybe under 'W' for 'willfully ignores my wisdom'.
I'm not sure what the point of this article is. It seems to be a waste of space.
@Barrylane1 Check it out it's newer but it's a decent publication. http://www.nationalobserver.com/
It is. Those are business decisions, not political decisions. If he slaps tarrifs onto things being made elsewhere his own companies will be affected. I think he has actually stated that he plans to bring his own manufacturing back to the States.
. It's depressing when you're only allowed 3000 characters to post the despicable antics of this current Government. Maybe you should post Part 2, Part 3, Part 4, etc. in the future, CL..
Then why is it gone????? G&M - we deserve an explanation!
Sprite writes:[It is an economist measuring objective data and reporting the results.] Did you even read the article? Here's the headline again:[ When women outnumber men on campus: What it means for marriage]
'...burning your furniture'? A more apt analogy would be burning the roof.
don't play the Liberal game ranked ballot - second choice Perhaps I choose to have no second choice I will vote Conservative or NDP and have no Liberal as second choice calling all Conservative and NDP - do not mark a second choice
Nice to see the CBA speaking out forcefully on this matter - good for them for taking the initiative.
Yes, it got rid of a leader and government with very little support. Worked very well.
Considering the despicable conditions that certain Canadians live in, it would be prudent to clean your own house before inviting 'quests'.
The real danger is that the government will make us trade our freedom (and the prosperity that goes along with it) for an illusion of safety. We must make it clear that if we have to choose between freedom and safety, we will choose freedom.
Now, if the Ontario conservatives had the guts to take on this issue. People might sit up , and listen.
'Liberal dishonesty and corruption' Keego100 you must have had your head buried in the backside of Harper and his CPC. There has been no party more dishonest, corrupt and incompetent than our present CPC.
The author's name doesn't change the point I make. Typical lefty, attack the messenger to deflect from the issue.
Even though, there is ample evidence that female suicide bombers have used the niqab.
Not the G&M didn't persecuted Ford like the Star has. In fact, G&M supported Ford, both of them being Conservative.
'... a chance to make money somewhere else'...,Yep, thems the Reformers.
Even if they were as bad as you say they are . They aren't a pit of corruption ,financial incompetence, recession making ,election cheating ,divisive cesspool. There has never been a Prime minister as bad for Canada as this one.
And I'm sure that readers familiar with your comments will recognize your long-winded passive-aggressive way of ragging on academic types for whom you have contempt. Whether it's relevant to the article or not.
We can always count on Mr Picard to give us a clear-eyed, uncompromising views about our health system and its failings. Mr Picard's articles are 'Must read'. Keep up the great work!
N-carter is obvi a hack and a quack -- not necessarily in that order.
Mike: If indeed you are not just trolling, then you are incredibly STUPID! Perhaps you should consider running for the mayor of Toronto, to replace another of similar intelligence.
And you're sure of this how? Got any facts to back up your wishful thinking? I bet not.
Really? Fasten your seatbelt seaperson.
Nite nite Dart.. the ten year nightmare is over....Sunny Ways!
I'm in favour of the sex ed curriculum, as is most of the province. It's just flat-earthers who are opposed to it.
Solar panels are old tech. PV paint and surfaces is where the future is.
Albertans hate taxes. Big oil pays very little for a non renewable resource. Put those two facts together and you have most of the explanation of our problems . . .
Should we care about what you think on this issue?
Citizenship ties emotionally with the Christian concept of salvation. Neither is earned, thus neither can be taken away. I find it bewildering that the strongest advocates of revoked citizenship are two professing Christians, Harper and Kenney.
...and if the right is so wonderful why is Alberta in the shape it's in after only Social Credit and P.C. governments since the end of the Seconds World War? Surely the province can't be "ruined" after only 6 months of a new government.
That "you are with us or with the terrorists" is exactly the kind of thinking that has divided this country. I am ashamed that thinking Canadians can fall for this sort of simplistic jingoism.
Farmers are committing suicide because of a drought. It has nothing to do with GMO.
Thanks for your encouragement, but again, your country is another with an extensive genocidal and racist past, a reflection of the fears of a racist and poorly evolved people.
A single bellicose statement on an audio recording reacting to Canada's insertion of specisl forces
How can you say such a thing. These men are our heroes. If you don''t believe me, jut ask one.
No end to the clich?s and conspiracies, eh W.F.? It's a wonder you haven't bored yourself to death by now.
Best chuckle of the day!
Well, let's make that difficult for them . :)
Must be bonus time for the paid trolls
"Have the conservatives released a costed platform yet?" Why bother? Just more of the same... increased national debt with nothing to show for it.
So easy for fools to believe what they want.
gene zwosdeski, now speaker, did the same thing. as a liberal, he had no power. he crossed over and his career soared. he broke a lot of hardworking volunteers' hearts sellout
To boost defense industry, slow time is the best time.
Taking the global view, I don't know how anyone can rationally argue that the world is better off globalized.
Or Toyotas faulty airbags, and Toyotas faulty brakes, and their faulty sticky gas pedals.
Really? You think it is progressive to export raw bitumen - and good value-added jobs to the US rather than refining here is progressive? Wow!
Whoever wrote this editorial shows an insight that has been sorely lacking in our society for far too long.
I like it. I guess I am one of a handful. Born and raised in Ottawa.
Like I said Elora, men earned it. You just proved my point.
Exactly, if banksters and lying media puppet hate a politician like Ford or Trump it means that they are good for average people. Banksters and media liars like Simpson only support corrupt puppets that tilt the deck against average people.
Wow. Dryden is even more boring than usual. And he never had a good game against the Russians. Probably because ideologically... he was on their team.
Believe what you want, but you would be wrong.
Finally! Sanity about this!
Another great opinion piece by Winston Smith at the GM - where redacting and deleting the truth is the order of the day at the news office - sorry I meant the clerks office.
Our leaders are politicians, politics is what they do, that's not a bad thing if they are doing so with the right motives.
Which lies, please do tell.
there is enough to do without getting bogged down in a constitional like issue.
My wife is Chinese and I'm White. This fact is almost never brought up between us. My wife told me the other day she forgets that I'm not Chinese. What goes on in these bitter people's minds?
Ya. Lose your job? Lose your home? Get beaten up? Murdered? Just get a thicker skin!!
Hear hear!
Elenchus: It is becoming ever sooooo boring to see 1950's style academics run the country.
Faldamo reondsri, wrong. If USA had had nuclear bombs ready the day Pearl Harbour was attacked the war would have been over a few days after they began to use them.
How many millions of Americans have health care today as compared to before the AFFORDABLE Health care act?
I'm not sure, but suspect, that a province could not refer federal legislation to its Court of Appeal.
Reading so many great comments here leaves me sad at knowing how much great wisdom has been kept from Globe readers by the almost complete closure of reader commentary on the Duffy/Harper trial.
The longer a referendum can be stalled the harder it will be to cook up the 'winning conditions'.
That's your response? That's how you support a muderous dictator? ... by saying he wasn't as bad as the previous dictator?
The Miami Herald makes you sign in with Facebook - not to many psychotic posts in that paper.
Without Hockey Night in Canada, the CBC is far less appealing. And losing all that Beer Ad money must be crippling for the state corporation.
Well, at least women and dogs have shelters. #dogprivilege
So was Kim Campbell :)
Knowing SH propensity for controlling everything does any thinking person actually believe that he didn't know about the repayment from Nigel?
Weasel words.
The Liberals will start a great division within the country if they implement electoral reform without a referendum.
I agree. Can't wait for their silence when it is someone else than Russia.
Should we be scared of our relatives, in the will or not, of wanting to kill us?
Yes....follow her links. Go to her article and click on 'survival rates'. She's is wrong.
Now if 4 of 5 parties collude, as you suggest, what does that tell you about the 5th party?
Lamont will resume calling the media "liberally biased" momentarily. LOL!
Some of them still have the birther meme embedded in their brains.
Yeah, Harper can go to Helm.
NONE of them
Hopefully voters won't let newspaper editors make up their minds!
What the leaders have said not what is on the alt right websites. Check it out, try stepping outside the Reform/Conservative/right wing /Republican/ alt right echo chamber.
Twenty-four hours before Russia invaded Crimea, the Russian ambassador to Canada stated that Russia would not invade Ukraine. These are all KGB/FSB people.
Democracy is a frail tattered coat in Canada's political closet. No wonder people don't vote, they know their vote is a waste in Canadistan.
If you're interested in other opinions about M?tis legal issues in the courts, the University of Alberta has a project going to gather information and discussion at:metisinthecourts.ualberta.ca
That actually would be decent severance: $273,000 a year...
Well, yeah. I'd still pick the bumbling Liberal government over Tim Hudak's whack-job PCs.
why bother calling them ISIL. when clearly they should be called TS (terrorist state)
She speaks a lot of truths. And I didn't find the piece overly partisan at all.
They are totally confused and incompetent! What's the problem?
Where is our Bruce Jenner? Justin Trudeau, if you're reading this, PLEASE field candidates to TELL A STORY about how we can challenge the narratives of Wente's article.
I've learned to look at it as more of a game where I am "beating" the traditional job market. I'm (op) only 28 and most of my friends have very little in retirement savings, few assets. They are just now getting out of student loan and auto loan debt. It feels great to know I'm living so comfortably compared to most.
It has nothing to do with misogyny. She is not required to wear it.She wears it only to show Canadians 'who's the boss'.
If we left it up to all the Duggars families of world, what a mess we would have. Now those young girls will have to live with this incest all their lives.
We are talking about the UN. They would be able to provide as many reasons as needed to explain why Canada did not get the seat. Bureaucracies can explain any decision they make in a way that can sound reasonable.
Good one! We may have been here longer than 6,000 years! Just amazing!
IThe Act will be taken apart piece by piece by those if effects with the help of those who put it in place in the first place
At my home we get two voter id cards and this has gone on for too many years. Only one person is eligible to vote.
Scalpels have been around since before the Bronze age, Beavis.
'What?s feel-good about that?'It is if you live in Toronto and think wood magically appears at at a lumber store.
This is all very well, but what does one do for the many people out there who are in constant pain?
Ian, Are you so dim that you couldn't understand the article. Facts escape you, don't they?
Chief Justice Beverly McLachlin, thank god.
What do you think they'll get for it?
Why, did you stop meeting for coffee?
FPTP is rife with appointed MPs. No MP sits without the approval of his party leader. Appointees can be found in many safe ridings. Under all proposed PR systems, all candidates face the voter.
These attacks on the gay community have to stop
Harper Conservatives are nothing if not radicals. Extreme in everything. Everyone else is either a terrorist or a child pornographer.
You might think that the G&M would be more reserved about becoming a mere mouth piece for the minister !
Sunny ways!
Libs are welcomed to participate on Saturday mornings too. The problem is they are probably still in bed, from last night's hangover.
Je suis Marois.
90% of your article talks about Harper (a deflection), simply because there is nothing to say about Trudeau You have proved the point - he is an image, and like a cardboard cut out, just as deep
The late Joe Bageant said outright, many years ago, that yes, Globalization had 'something to do with the demise of factory employment.'He put it in more pungent terms, explaining the phenom in Deer Hunting With Jesus, Rainbow Pie, and other works.
' technological efficiency has made human labour largely unnecessary.'What planet are you on ??
?Should the Canadian government screen potential immigrants for anti-Canadian values as part of its normal screening for refugees and landed immigrants??Duh ..... yeah.
The people challenging the university are using the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms as the basis for their argument, not a secular versus - non secular values of post secondary institutions.
You should research these things before you buy property, and observe the fine print where it usually says 'excepting therefrom all mines and minerals' (or similar) in the purchase paperwork.
Only sexist men think feminism is an organized religion. Feminism is for people who believe in equality of women. You clearly don't.
Smoking some banana's old girl?
How does it do that when the Provinces take the money and spend it elsewhere and refuse to agree to a Canada wide health system.?
The *real* subliminal message in endlessly carpet bombing television with these annoying ads is that this government will waste no opportunity to waste our tax money.
'A great evil has descended on our world'? Geez Louise, our PM is starting to sound like a travelling preacher, who sells snake oil on the side.
By "treated" I mean they began diagnosing, performing tests etc., actual treatemnt time was considerably longer.
What fiction would that be?
Depending ... If it's legal, will it be ok for a married man/woman to use it? just like smoking (having a bad name already).Will it be ok for Harper to use it? Or JT ...You just need to answer that.
Just curious, but in which era of Canadian history since 1837 has the defeat of the government, of whichever stripe, not been the priority of the opposition?
Trudeau isn't my idea of a great leader but you are taking his comments out of context which is typical Conservative tactic.
I was looking for Glory to Ukraine at the end of it
Exploiting other people?s emotions is what politicians do for a living. Enter the name of your least favorite party.
Funny thing. There are a few fairly prominent Ford 'videos' missing from his website!
I'm betting that the teacher's unions are the biggest problem, and that the biggest problem within the unions is the arrogance of the members who run for and get elected to the leadership.
Quebec, please do all us a favour and separate already.
An excellent response from someone with varied viewpoints. If I may summarize what you said, people should drive defensively, whether on a bike, a motorcycle or a car, and pedestrians (of which I am one) should walk defensively.
Click bait for angry Cons.
Can't help but agree with your argument that the judiciary are better positioned to deal with this issue in the instance of a majority government lacking in depth. Hope that was brief enough.
Tarring and feathering hasn't been an actual risk for a long time.. What you're suggesting re: lynching can lead to a holocaust of the English language.
... and it's dozens of types of cancer that kills firefighters from within.. so I guess that evens out.
Perhaps the City of Toronto could contract the same staff that are in charge of the Pan Am Games budget process?
Andy, I reported your comment to the moderator -- rational arguments are not allowed on such emotional issues.
My simple minded take on this latest celebrity fuelled media convulsion: Neil Yong is simple - the Tar Sands are complex !
I think he did mention it. 'A New Yorker reporter famously mocked the ease of obtaining credentials by certifying an alpaca, a pig and a turtle as therapy animals, and dragging them around town.'
Paid by Soros? What are you smoking?
Bummer, This big turkey was elected is Mayor of one of the largest cities in NA something you will never be if you were to live for two hundred years.
actually ?he owned a robocalls business?.if you can believe it.
It was a great show. I always had a bad feeling it was axed because the powers that (temporarily) be in Ottawa disliked the fact that it lifted the lid off of a lot of their favourite myths.
'heavy lifting' being slashing social transfers and cutting the military 25%...affectionately know as the 'dark period' by the military.
And that kind of attitude, McKenna, is why those who voted for Ford are not inclinded to change their mind no matter what comes up against him. Thank you for contributing to Rob Ford's re-election, as did the Toronto Star and Marcus Gee.
Or Rifleman can go to the treasure trove of income inequality posted on-line from a conference held by the right-leaning Institute for Research on Public Policy. http://www.irpp.org/en/events/income-inequality/
One big shift you didn't mention - the eradication of peanut butter from childhood diets. Peanut butter was a mainstay, and contains protein, fibre and relatively good fat. It has been replaced by sugar (eg. in granola bars).
Cry me a river. Rob Ford was a disgrace as mayor. Sad he's dead at 46, but it is a relief he is no longer on council. His type of poison deserves no tributes, although it is good that people are kind to his family during this time of grief.
Perfect - G&M thinks CO2 is the God particle - it can do everything.
Hey 'der Bingle' I see you are doing 'truthbender' on other posts.. put one here to support your post, and then give yourself an extra thumbs up!
Your comment that Elizabeth May "let her emotions get the better of her" doesn't help your argument.
I look forward to the day when governments will make decisions based on evidence, knowledge and science. As if this happened under Chretien or Trudeau.
Psst... the highest power costs are in Alberta and the Maritimes... Wind and Solar represent less than >1 per cent of Ontario power...
Better than hid dad so far.
All those Unionists just locked themselves out at Nanticoke, that's why the bums vote Liberal and NDP because if their cushy overpaid job gets in-housed to the USA they can at least count on a big fat cheque from Ontariowe works every month.
who says they're selling below cost Stevey? Where do you dream up these fantasies? It's earnings season and the balance books are open to all. You're a silly little fella.
Could Muslim women imagine the discrimination they would feel in Islamic countries under the provisions of Sharia law? If so, I'd bet that they would gladly embrace the equality they have in Canada.
our exceptional dependency on oil is only 150 years old. Society has existed longer than that and endured significant changes in economy and behaviour. To say change is not possible is simply not correct.
Unlike a snake or tiger, a human who rapes is capable of moral choice.
Rehabilitation should ALWAYS be the goial, not vengeance.
This is predominantly a federal issue, happening in all provinces. Ontario feels the brunt because it had the most to begin with, the same way a drop in energy prices can devastate Alberta.
Robomax, Harper's A, E, I, O, U, and sometimes R,Y guy.
How about a "National Enquiry on our missing dollars" ...... Works for the FN.
h ttp://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m714gcT7D41r6cn2yo1_400.jpg
ti-pite, that argument is totally illogical.
In Canada we use democracy to keep the right, and their failed everything, out.
Excellent take. Thanks Richard.
Actually lots of people did speak out about it. Myself included. Or are you saying two wrongs make a right because it is your messiah doing t now?
Literally.
No its not about 'lodging complaints' either. Accommodation is something that is done in the spirit of what we used to say: live and let live. It's about compromise.
A very accurate comment by cork.
Because people like Trump shipped those jobs overseas.
Of course it was good for Jacquesvc, If your name was Madrid and you worked in Spain Spanish training would be good for you and your kids.
The CPP only began in 1966, so anyone who began collecting in 1969 hadn't paid in to any extent. My brother-in-law and many of my friends who paid in for many years but died in their fifties didn't get anything.
Yes, being couch locked on the back deck, munching chips and trying to discourse intelligently about the plot of the last family guy episode is, you know, so cool dude.
Jobs are limited north of the urban belt. Before you take away a source of income from people whose options are very limited, the least you could do would be invent a new industry to replace the ones that offend your sensibilities.
So what are you saying? We should spend $ on adaptation as opposed to reduction? If so, I agree.
Harper is just a more polished Ford, deceitful, mean spirited vindictive and a liar. Leadership entails more then being a bully especially when 60% of the population did not vote for him or his party. z
Exactly as much as he is worth.
Nonsense. All public money was private money coming from people with various moral beliefs. When it comes to killing people I support the right of opting out.
There are always exceptions. Some women behave like men and some men behave like women but not all. Mental health issues play a large part in behaviour too.
Remember, Rogers and Bell would 'throttle' our internet connections to try and shape and control what we watch. Touche'.The CRTC is their last desperate hope, lets see their true colors.
The insurance money is going to individuals and corporations, not the premier. When I had to make a claim after an intense hail storm, I got the money directly, not the government.
Never were truer words spoken.
At least he's bilingual. You can be as dumb as a bag of hammers and lead a political party in Canada as long as you are....
the problem is, we do not think our boys/kids are capable harming others untill happends or it's too late to turn them back. parents do not have support from law enforcements.
Interesting idea, but the differences between Quebec and say Saskatchewan are too profound for such a system to exist.
The constitutional rights of the guilty are also the constitutional rights of the innocent. That's an elementary principle of law.
Pathetic finger pointing article.
pet, Steve makes me Heave
You do not have any right not to be offended and rightly so.
The system has not done that and had 50 years to do it.
Health care in the private sector. Have you had to wait for anything which is produced by the private sector? Have you been able to afford it? Why not for health care? Oh the US. Special, very special. Who else has a Trump/Hillary?
Ban make-up.And costume masks. And sun glasses.
I don't think you've lost the plot on this issue, I think you never got it in the first place. Go back and do some research, scientific research, on this curriculum, and then report back with facts and germane arguments, not red herring rhetoric.
Sorry but supporters of the LM have ZERO understanding of economic realities. Informed and sensible.....that's simply your opinion of them and their support of Leap and doesn't reflect reality.
oh I think if you want to see classlessness you need to look in the mirror
Union membership is NOT a requirement of employment. You've never heard of the term "Rand formula" employee? Look it up.
skyofblue Yawn. Get a life. All those narcotics can't be good for you.
I bet you're just a pillar of the community yourself.
Man these comments are filled with so much Sun News bitterness. I bet you people would love a biopic of Preston Manning or Ezra Levant.
Oh no -- are they doing that stupid Pokemon thing too?
You lost me at Peter Kent and Jason Kenney being more moderate. Too many CPCers must spend all their time drinking blue koolaid at ultrarightie blogs. Get out into the real world. Talk to some normal people. Read some actual books.
The irony of this is lost on our Illustrious Potentate.
if there a chance to make a fast buck Liberals think short term?
You've got to be kidding me. The Globe aims right for the gutter and politicizes Remembrance day. Pathetic.
You're about to cry out, "head for the hills," in Harper fashion, frankphi ?
Mulroney colluded with the BoC to keep rates high.
And guess what stores get to sell beer? The ones who grease the politicians. The delay is to see who is the highest bidder.
oh yes, and google bought youtube of which the founder also worked at paypal.
Dr. Gerolymatos should stick to Hellenic Studies and avoid commenting on economics. The facile comparison between post-war West Germany and Greece in the 21st century is so superficial it is utterly meaningless.
Here's a thought for you SteveM. Just because you (may) have the right to do something doesn't mean it is a good idea to do it.
Give Patrick Brown a shot at it. Watch him on youtube questioning Wynne. He asks repeatedly and she doesn't answer. I think he has a full brain unlike the half-brained twit that is there now.
McGuinty / Wynn malfeasance is without limits and without accountability. Unions have abused their monopoly status and with Liberal governments corrupted our democracy. It is time to remove both Liberal government and Unions from the public trough.
When is this crap going to end? Well, when people decide to forgo style (and nice hair) over substance.
Exaggerating the imminent risk of nuclear war, and promoting unilateral nuclear disarmament, were truly specious. Keep the apples and oranges seperate, please.
You are one of the lucky few. And I'm willing to wager you're both white and educated. And probably ex military or some sort of unionised profession.
some common sense ruturns, let us hope it prevails
that was actually Tim Hudak.
ERLady, Schmeiser was found guilty of stealing Monsanto's technology and forced to pay $15/acres for the 1,090 acres of GM canola he had growing. Schmeiser bought the seed from his neighbour and lied about it. He is nothing but a common thief.
He is probably looking for a commisson on the pay out
Why does the article ignore the candidacy of Jill Stein, the Green Party candidate for President? She poses a real threat to a Clinton victory if she can reach out to enough disgruntled Sanders supporters.
Wow, the propagandists out in full force!
No faith is required to not believe in fairies. No faith is required to not believe in unicorns. No faith is required to not believe in Apollo or Zeus. And no faith is required to not believe in your god either.
'less specific' than trump??? You must have visited the bathroom a lot of times if you missed that much of the show.
Right, GM of S, from their postage-stamp reserves on the poorest of terrain where we pushed them to the fringes in our confiscation of their land.
To be considered an act of terrorism, the violence must be an attack with some political goal. Was there a political element in the Marysville slayings?
Read Dark Money.
You should try using punctuation. It makes you appear a bit smarter, even when you make a claim that no one can substantiate.
If you want an actual explanation, instead of Trump-like rambling, Thomas Frank puts it very well here: http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/mar/07/donald-trump-why-americans-support
The only salient reason one needs to understand is the Supreme Court of Canada decision reaffirming BC First Nations' right to treaties on unceded territories (almost all of BC west of the Rockies.) No treaties, no pipeline.
That's exactly what I meant. When convenient the Militant feminists as the 'Dalit' - lower class.
Even Statscan disagrees with you. The 1% pay a disproportionately higher percentage of taxes. Canada has a progressive tax system. The issue is the going over the 50% marginal tax rate on income over $200,000.
If it's only a distraction, why keep publishing so many opinion columns and editorials about it? Shooting yourself in the foot.
And then the Rapture.
And where I live, we call 'meh' every day conversations. You got something to say about content? Let's talk. You want to talk style points, take a number.
Well since I am smarter than you are. I understand that anti-Canadian movement of the left have done everything they could stop all pipelines from Alberta. Now go back and join your anti-Canadian movement and continue stopping any and all projects.
Thumbs down because I cannot take Miley Rae Cyrus seriously after all this, and I'm not even willing to try. She's tacky and not worth the effort. I'm sure she'll do just fine without my support.
https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2015/11/06/statement-president-keystone-xl-pipeline No, he didn't.
The worst PM in history was was the father of the current Liberal leader. Just like his daddy, he intends to borrow our way to prosperity.
Jeff Rat is one of the more appropiately named people on earth. He is a bottom feeder who pits Indian against Indian. His words are like his tongue, forked.
So it seems Gruhcho (?) was absent during this election? There was blatant racism every step of the way, and only the willfully blind -- or worse -- cannot see it, or will not concede it.This comment is the usual distraction from the argument made.
I wonder if the media will ever talk about gay sexual harrassment and abuse . Many gay men get drugged and raped but it's not taken as seriously.
Comments regarding Algeria seem to be forbidden.
The day he fades into history with no footnote will be a good day indeed.
there's nowhore like an oldwhore eh brian?
None of which would give our resident traitor Harper any pause. When are Canadians going to wake up?
With the cameras, tasers, billysticks, Glocks, badges, nameplates, where will there be room for the AK47s in case there are two unarmed citizens?
Best mayor ever. Taxes are down, the unions have been brought to heel. AND we have a crack scandal. Lighten up people.
What does that have to do with right now? Right now, they are illegal!!!!! Want the laws changed, stop operating illegally and get them changed. Pretty simple.
All your generation has to do is vote, and in large numbers, for the most sympathetic leader to your cause. Harper has had his chance, so it's not him. Our country is led my those who vote.
Canadians smugness about social justice and caring society kind of take a beating when one looks at the performance of our national police force and public broadcaster.
Personal Insults in no way add to the discussion... especially to a non drinker.
Utter drivel and undeserving of further response.
Last thing Alberta needs is a Harper hack like Prentice.
Starting with Indian Affairs !
are you saying that our going after ISIS is because of 9.11? Ludicrous. Oh for f**ks sake.
Oops DieterHH: are you sure about that?
Good for you! There are numerous options for people to consider to support their lifestyle of a personal nature that is not the job of the state.
Speaketh a true Koch-owned troll.
Not if they read your screeds.
Wow, trenchant commentary. What is the Globe sophist board's stand on motherhood?
Trudeau is an embarrassment and totally unfit to be leader of a national party.
Wow. Great line...
And here's a "conbot" now! It's a ridiculous and small minded term but somehow with Prog, it fits.
It's a good game taking obscurely written texts and, with hind-sight and an agenda, applying meaning to them that weren't really intended in the the first place.
'ignorance, lies & plain hypocrisy'You got that backwards....this is what nathuropathy is entirely based on.
Wow, what a earth shattering statement - produce the work force that we need - wow!
I am sure you mother listens politely when you tell her to vote for Harper. Hopefully she will vote her conscience, not yours, in the next election.
Geez, a shame your school wasn't interested in teaching you how to read. Try re-reading it with both hands on top of your desk, westelca21.
Just because you don't agree that taxing the rich and spending borrowed money is the way to prosperity doesn't mean you're selfish. Study after study confirms conservatives give more to charity the world over.
To stay young should I strive to be a hip non-conformist just like all my friends?
Notley: 'Oh, who will rid me of this troublesome Levant'. LOL. Go Ezra! You're getting under their skin.
It looks like GITP truthfulness about Obama has hit a nerve.
Yours was obviously silly. There were many more that were in earnest, sadly.
...... failed drama teacher was parachuted into a carefully selected rally to avoid the angry protestors outside and the Liberals were soundly trounced in the by-election.
The Globe and Mail editorials continue to support all things Harper and then today they come out with this. Why do I feel patronized?
Picking Trump as their presidential candidate was the Republicans' version of washing down a fistful of OxyContins with a pint of bourbon. Hopefully a majority of Americans will turn down the GOP's generous offer to join in the fun.
So the real problem is that French classes are not taught correctly. Why not force everyone to speak French from day one and forget the vocabulary for a while. Why do we insist on teaching languages backwards from the natural order?
crises of legitimacy in the arab spring not failing or weak economieshttp://www.thestar.com/news/gta/2011/02/19/which_country_could_fall_next.htmlhttp://www.thestar.com/news/gta/2011/02/19/which_country_could_fall_next.html
Richard: You might think that you're too stupid to be allowed to vote on the Constitution, but you have no right to say that I am.
Everyone wants to be in the PC party - doesn't matter if you're left, right, or centre. It's like the Communist Party in China.
Me too .....
You may be right. Trudeau attempting to squelch resource development in BC over global warming concerns would be viewed by some as a violation of the constitution. I must check the popcorn supply.
Elites not welcome anymore... you had your chance and you screwed it up.. now its our turn.... the voter and some-one that listens to the needs of the majority
Canadian universities are hives of controlled behaviour and speech. Only the officially endorsed narrative is allowed expression. By officially I mean the student government.
Why expect rationality in societies run on mad concepts from start to finish?
.'Gorbi have Crimea to the Ukrainians and he knew it was a big mistake.'---------Another expert on Russian history heard from. Khruschev moved Crimea to the Ukraine SSR in 1954. It's been part of Ukraine for 60 years.
Ah, yes, but when one begins life as a pawn, what chance that dash across the board that so often marks the superior performance, the missing piece in Elizabeth's game ? How does one explain 'meritocracy' to the gap-toothed seven-year-old ?
there is NOTHING in leap worth considering , its an ultra left wing stupid set of unworkable ideas that have already proven failures in history
So...you want to legalize (as in legal immigrants) those temp workers whose only skill is to pour coffee and put doughnuts into a paper bag?? Wow! Have we driven ourselves that far down to the bottom that this is the best we can do?
I can only imagine that Mr. Bauer is a Trump supporter... enough said
Singlepayer is the solution for everything. Long live Singlepayer.
Consensus isn't an alternative, its a bumper sticker. Wonderful thing to say while campaigning, thoroughly impractical way of actually running anything.
' They are sheep ' ... evidently true !
Contained within the streetcar armed only with a knife the public (and officers) were already well protected.
Trump is simply a proxy, an outlet, a voice, cry and prayer. Especially for those who remember the warmth of the sun and how the stars once aligned. Thank the pharmaceuticals for the alternative to real creative anger.
Huh? We have no Tea Party here, and this is Canada, not the US.
I think we can all assume that 'Peter M. Cox' is a close personal friend of Ms. Wente, or could be her agent, since he's scrolled down the comments to reply (feebly) to as many that are critical of her as he had time for. So facile, so obvious.
Good news for once. This bimbet can now join souvlaki at his new deli!
...wrong again? ;-)
and someone wearing a cross around their neck also blocks your view of their face?
No need to use sexist remarks like that to make your point. It is vile.
Illegal immigrants are being welcomed primarily by those addicted to cheap labour (including Trump). Same reason why those jobs are going to China.
Still does not prove your point, George. Provincial policies have a significant effect as well.
Perhaps the Irish should give up religion. Perhaps the Europeans should have given up religion when they first came to north America. What a stupid comment
so, they aren't paid from the public purse eh. they are paid from the corporations who don't pay their share of the public purse.
First time I have ever agreed with Flanagan in...First time.
The empathy for generations to follow, hereabouts, the disdain for the product of evidence-based science, is a marvel of self-absorbed concern .
Wrong tense. It's been legal for more than 9 years. Bitter much?
Then who would decide what is fair and how would they do it? The most efficient system for negotiating compensation for both employees and employers where employee numbers are large is the free collective bargaining process.
Garbage is supposed to be collected by the employees of the Gambino brothers they make you an offer you can't refuse.
Fatties have lots of money. How else, can they eat like an elephant? It is O.K. to put a tax on obesity. That may put some pressure on them to get slim,
Everywhere we destroy infrastructure and what little civic structure there is we leave a vacuum for extremists and a huge humanitarian catastrophe#elxn42
Bet you'll forget about this when it comes time to endorsing this madman ... again.
c'est pas plus compliqu? que ?a
Good point, sir.
It is hard for the right wingers to tolerate that here, it is not the Bible belt with a queen... not yet. Despite these Americans republicans with a queen, long live Canada.
As foreign trained MD I had to jump through the hoops and pass the exams etc., ..I researched Canadian requirements prior to arrival ....I did not arrive knowing the requirements and not having the requirements resorting to gaming the system.
LOL! well said.
Or to the point where a 'terrorist" attack is only that when it includes Muslims. This is the anniversary of the terrorist attack by a white Christian at the black Baptist Church. He just wanted to start a race war.
Does anyone care what these 'pundits' and 'experts' say any more?
Hmmm. Another anti-west voice heard from. Notley and Trudeau and Wynne will be the death of this country.
You need to do some more unbiased research. Josephus (not of the Bible) for one wrote about him.
And Harper was a mail room clerk. It is what happens in the present, not the past.
contrary to progressive teachings, truth can sometimes hurt
Watching China: Pretty one-sided comment that over-reaches in try to make its point. Doug Saunders' piece is pretty focused but contains some thoughtful analysis and strings together several perspectives. Unlike your comment.
' . . . there will be tens of thousands of Canadians if not more who will identify with him. And they will vote for him in droves again and again.'You mean if you're nuts you'll vote Liberal?
Thank you for this... I'd like to think that war is becoming obsolete. But of course the military thinks differently.
Vote for whichever party's candidate stands the best chance of beating the Con in your riding. Hopefully, it will all be over soon for the Con guy.
Many of the so-called 'conservatives' here hold it in contempt.
Perhaps so, but you seem to forget one important thing: Quebec is also the most parochial part of Canada. Then again, having lived there all your life, you can't fathom that.
Dear John, Who pooped in YOUR corn flakes this morning?
He's the PM - what he has to say counts. But I do wish Marchi had taken us down memory lane with a list of Canada's Honest Broker Greatest Hits.
Disgrace. Definitely.
My son is awaiting orders in Edmonton.
Oh puhlease, you are going to quote polls after an election that the polls didn't even come close to predicting correctly just over 4 weeks ago.
... got my ex-client states confused for a while: Hungarian should read Ukrainian.
I find it t ironic that you are criticizing Hudak for a mathematical error when you don't know the difference between the noun grief and the verb to grieve.
I assume that this will be taken as a declaration of war by the Toronto Star.
well said!!
That's hardly the only thing people like you don't understand, CyrusManz. Apparently it doesn't stop you from commenting.
Even Trump claims part of his popularity is connected to over reporting of his attention grabbing shenanigans. He's the most successful troll the world has ever seen.
Bud, my mistake. An upright Canadian, then wlil respect the decision, until the time the SCoC grees to hear a further appeal and reverse the appellate courts's decison.
Wente???????????????????
Could you please include some Trudeau quotes. They really light up my day.
Female announcers these days tend to wear enough lip gloss to grease a tank - if one's tank ran out of grease. It is rather obscene, IMO.
i-m-b-l-i-c-a-l REALLY?
How are things out there in North Armpit, David? Got into town for your yearly supplies yet?
I find it really surprising that you associate this with conservative values. The overzealous over-controlling fear-mongering parents are usually the (morally) liberal types.
You do not consider your move to LA Globalization? --- LOL. So we have 200, 000 globalists coming to Canada each year?
Ted? elite? Bottom of barrel, more like it.
At least Rae is not recommending Liberal strategies as the last time in '95, under the federal liberals, the country came within a hair of breakup. Hardly the party to give advice.
Interesting. As the events in the U.S. have persisted we start differentiating ourselves from them in terms of policing and suddenly the Globe and Mail digs up columnists to counter the claim. Well played Globe and Mail.
I agree on the citizenship. People like you, and all your other monikers (talk about a case of multiple personality - one of you should get it looked into) should not be allowed to vote.
So, what are you trying to say?
I hope you are right. You never know though. Canadians have got very short memories, and can be easily bought.
Because those are the rules, long before they came here!
Steve, you seem to be utterly unaware of the very ROLE of the Judiciary Branch of Government in America.
another prog that has not take the time to read the koran
So just after another of Ms. Wente's rants about how oppressive 'progressives' are stifling free speech, The Globe has again taken to censoring perfectly polite and reasonable comments in response to Ms. Wente.
Drone strikes. Is that what you call policing Pakistan?
Big shocker from Renzetti and the Globe. Talk about beating a dead horse - these weekly rants are embarrassing. Trump won, lose the smug tone and move on.
Spare us your lying.
it will be a big hockey game, forget the rest to the greatest extent possible
Enjoyed this article....now back to work (after writing this comment and having a coffee)
is this so surprising? since the media/and news cycle is all we - the public seem to care about and not for long - politicians have learnedthey can't control events, but they can control the messaging
oh really? try learning what a cult is before making a sweeping statement like that.
So Ibby. Looks like you and the rest of the MSM is losing its power and influence. Welcome to the 99%.
Except for De Grasse and the high jumper, they're great.
Was it another love letter to Drumpf again, Duke ?I think a restraining order went out.
All the examples you give, are civil servants. Thanks for proving our point
You shouldn't diss Premier Wynne like that.
Wynning an election and balancing the books (running a province) are two differents thing entirely- don't confuse the two. One requires smooth-talking while the other requires realism and integrity.
You should have bought a BMW
The passenger pigeon must have missed the memo.
Do you think that increasing police disinterest in investigating 'minor' crimes might have an effect on the behaviour of citizens who have the opportunity to report crime? Or is that analysis too deep for a Tory hater?
Technically you are correct; but it would not exist without the religious "root".
I spent money and went to Quebec and studied Sherbrook declaration. I looked into Ignatieff who was quoting Quebec like Scotland or even more. What is the learned opinion of Canadians?
You really think he's going to let Canada build automobiles for the US markets? He'll tell the Big three to take some of their old factories out of mothballs and quit importing from Canada. Bye Bye Canadian manufacturing.
And how is TWU forcing their beliefs on others ? You have free choice which institution to attend. Your views on this matter are illogical and intolerant.
Only problem is that those trends precede NAFTA by quite a few years, and they are simultaneously observable in countries that aren't part of NAFTA - Sweden for example had the biggest increase in inequality during the period
should have quit the wife !
the only answer is for the world to get together in a coalition, go over and kick butt and win the wars ,, people then get to live at home,, all the pandering care centres will never end until we do that
That's a little extreme Tiu. The Russian people are innocent. Why punish them when the fault is with Putin? Nuke Putin from orbit.
Given the City council's split in voting, it is doubtful whether this subway will ever get built.
And then again he may be getting ready to do what should have been done and recognize Israels Capital City of Jerusalem.//shalom...
Nobody complained when other SC justices were appointed by a PM without any consideration of the views of other people.
In his entire life, I doubt Trudeau has had to work hard at anything except a bowel movement. He was born rich, lives high on inheritance, and the closest thing to real-world experience he's had was one of the cherriest gigs in Western society.
Turkey and the others you speak of...presumably the Russians......are not part of the Allies coalition....nice try bozo
It will likely have a great deal of effect on how the Senate works.
Liberal democracy? In the wake of US attacks on Afghanistan in 2001 a million Afghans fled the country. Boatloads of Afghan refugees were turned away from the shores of Australia.
BillG but if the NDP did all that, they would not be the NDP anymore...
Well except for the fact that we are commenting on an op-ed from a CONSERVATIVE icon.
Baird's job should be outsourced to a temporary non-Canadian worker; you would get more results.
right, remember the '80s
And when the FLQ targets of the War Measures Act were cornered, Pierre Trudeau enabled a deal with his buddy Fidel to provide those Quebec-based terrorists a safe haven in ... you guessed it, Cuba.
They were not nations and it is unlikely they were first.
Atlas Shrugged tells you what will happen in Venezuela.. oh, it already happened.
uninformed post..
And of course, you haven't yet explained why you made this comparison yesterday: "The Liberal party had Hedy Fry - the G&M has Denise Balkissoon"
Apparently you are not well educated on what is going on in Canada and what exactly Kenney has done BESIDES NOTHING to stop it!
Its good to get fit- trainer or not. Too many older women are far too heavy, too depressed and pessimistic etc. Of course the same goes for men.
'even though the temperatures are not rising ..'Oh but the oceans, the oceans have swallowed the heat. Lol!
Justine? I'm Bill. Aren't you a nice little shiny pony...
Fed, that is not hidden. What the ultimate agenda of the ndp and a trudeau liberal party is hidden ,but highly predictable.
That's hysterical! The alt-right ARE the barbarians.
You must not have 'been there' in the 50s or 60s when tenure was needed to protect people who were working to advance civil rights. It's needed now to protect people from Harper's anti-science agenda.
So we freeze in the dark or drown in the rising seas. A real Morton's Fork.
those not invited to Tea Party become sore losers Tea Party basically wants fiscal management, accountability, balanced budgets what is your problem?
Steve Yeah, but the Conservative Party hasn't been around for a decade. PS: If you haven't yet read it, Andrew Coyne's column today in the NP is a masterpiece.
now look, he's been very clear, canadians don't want answers
Yes, Chicago U is a symbol of Obama's failed legacy.
How to sell the government...
Great observation.
With an experienced and functioning Public Service there is no need for this massive number of unelected and unaccountable staffers. Justin should lead by example and dispense with these bottom feeding staffers. All advice should be non-partisan.
No, you've just demonstrated the 'God in the gap' fallacy: anything that is beyond your personal knowledge or comprehension must be 'God'. Apparently you could learn more from this episode with the coin...
What is crazier? Spending yourself into oblivion? Do you run your own household budget the same way the Liberals run our budget?
The Gaza runway and landing strip is in operation again? (Silly joke, don't take me seriously, please.)
Yeah Islam is a beacon of pure enlightenment, and we need to celebrate the marvels of this socio-political ideology with the liberated women of Afghanistan, Pakistan, Somalia, Saudi Arabia, Yemen, Sudan ....
The ultraright can't wait until they can pour hundreds of millions of tax free dollars into think tanks, foundations and institutesto press for their selfish, greedy, viewpoint.
Every major media outlet traditional or online in the UK says that racism was part of it. I think they know better than you.
Churches and religious organizations too.
GCTDVD : Beat me to it!
Because Conservatives hear them when they aren't even blowing.
I do not watch the "real" news media. I find them biased, badly educated and somewhat breathless. Google provide me with what happened and I can make my own opinion, do not need to wait for CBC or CTV or CNN (does anyone watch CNN these days?).
so do you support murder as well?
Refute the study's data, please. You know - THE POINT OF THE STORY. Instead of deflecting with more partisan smears... why don't you actually address the study's conclusions? Waiting....*crickets*
Indie, I think ur caplock key is sticking.
Pixie dust and Rainbows, oh and Sunny Ways.
right on.. if only the government employees could hide their income....like corporate execs.
I think the Ontario Wynne Liberals are crashing because they can't stop throwing away our tax dollars!
The biggest difference between the two opposing plans is that the Liberals are targeting their tax cuts to those who need it most, and not the top 15% of income earners.
'Feminism is about knowing what you want and need, not bowing to whatever stereotype is currently set up for you.'Really?
Blood in the streets? I don't get how you and your gangs minds think. The line is going to be built.
What a remarkably crabby, small-minded little man you must be...
Or maybe they is just one person.
A man with a knife charging at you? So the police should wait until they're stabbed before 'using the last resort'. Charge towards the police with a knife and you'll get shot.
Uhhh Maggie? You know this was lifted from another report right? Oh! I forgot! It's that Margaret Wente!
Russia. economic super power? C1 thats a bit far fetched.. the place is falling apart worse than Detroit or Montreal
The 'professors' sell themselves to the highest bidder like the first professionals.
You sound as if you and your family are immune to emergency's. Perhaps those other people who have emergency's should be less protected.
Roses are red, Violets are blue, Justin is stupid, And his voters are too.
The closest thing I see to mafia around here is the federal government you support, Oakville.
You put your threshold surprising low. A quickly-charging battery system with a 500 to 600 km range could be the case in less than five years.
Rather than dance around with a lampshade on his head Mayor Rob 'Al Jolson' Ford chooses to 'wigger it up' for his 'friends' in a Rexdale restaurant (having had 'a couple' drinks) in this latest pathetic display. La Commedia ? finita!
The going rate for trained killers. . . Constable Forcillo is listed on Ontario's 2012 'sunshine list' as having made $106,800.89. Huh?!
Argyle - If you read the transcript of the interview, it's actually the interviewer who says 'guys' guys' and that Gilmour only repeats her use of the term.
For York U porn studies could signal an improvement in their curriculum. They are mostly known for Marxisteconomic theory and their pro Hamas, anti-Israel agenda.
To the extent that the G8 is a negative force in the world, the smaller and less effective we can make it, the better off we'll all be.Yes, kick Russia out. Better yet, disband G8 altogether.
... unvetted refugees... come now you need to inform yourself about the UNHCR process. And also, if you are no longer a proud Canadian and you hurt too much you can always go back to where you came from.
they endorsed him because the bosses told them too... if it happens again we should kill our subscription and hit them where it counts
Evil is evil.
Communism has a much better track record. As does the Spanish Inquisition.
.What a wonderful, well articulated astute article..
Really? You feel this column is arrogant. I guess I missed the 'peasant' comment. You don't have to be a peasant to vote for Trump. You just have to be as dumb as a rock!
Wynne is just about bankrupt, doesn't have any credit. Trudeau will be the next, within a year.
Thanks for the laugh.
Got to start somewhere I suppose.
Yes, mostly in Florida where escaped slaves were accepted into Indian tribes that lived in the most inaccessible areas.
Politics is a full contact sport. Attacks have nothing to do with sex. Get used to it.
'Correct thing'? Maybe for people like you who have been out to get the PM from day 1, but not for me, nor for anyone else who can see clearly.
I think you also have to look at who wants to be a public servant. Prior to the 1980's the civil service attracted many of the top graduates of our universities. I do not believe that is the case any more.
Get rid of TFWs and the government that allowed them.
bigMangione, Exactly.
I am sure many in France now wish for lower immigration levels too.
; as expected you cannot read, understand and reason, or refuse to.
albertans makes the most, but they also owe the most.
mCgOOf-up was a Con-stoog injected into power so the Con's could win a federal election. It worked very well.
All of the above.
puma lepine Who knows their position is quite weak.
So tell us all.
ah the ole 'egomaniacal' with a lack of 'domestical' law card
'xenophobic country like China'?Not any more xenophobic than your post!
What the heck are you writing about here? Your post has no sense in it at all.
the problem is that Harper has shaped the Conservative party to his image. The Globe is endorsing the old Reform party.
Before he finished, Stalin oversaw between 10 and 30 MILLION deaths. The exact figure is difficult to determine, as Soviet records were not as well kept as the German's.
Uninterested
No, but I figure my satirical comment went right over your head,
People that want the Constitution follwed
I'll see your Conservatives Walkerton and raise you a Liberal C.Defficile
Yet the INDIVIDUAL Corporate CAO's on Bay Street earning multi-milliions annually on the backs of shareholders (who are also taxpayers) are not lumped in with these barnicles? Great one-sided analysis of our labour problems.
Yeap. Just like if I spend a dollar buying a gum my income is reduced but the income of the vvariety store owner, employee, gum firm and gum employee is increased.
Having already had these discussions at some length, I'll let the two of you carry on. Perhaps Ms Yott will join you. No 'reading in,' now.
There's always Toronto, our Sanctuary City.
Re: "You lost me at "he gets real"". Then clearly you are lost. What part of 1) control borders 2) respect the laws of the land and 3) value your own citizens is not "real"?
hey TayRuongwhateverit workslast election won because ethnic vote flocked to Harper
Yeah, you're so right. Because Liberals and New Democrats don't do any politicking or campaigning or anything partisan at all, except during the writ period. I'm not making this up.
Yet another confirmation, lest there was any doubt, that we are a racist nation. The reason this sort of abuse, among many others, of indigenous people continues is that as a population, we don't care enough to demand that it cease.
A friend's son almost died from chicken pox. Yes children die each year from chicken pox. Thank God there is a vaccination.
'No Western leader has talked tougher.' Harper: the mouse that roared. He's just trying to look like a big shot on the international stage for the benefit of his base.
THANK YOU!! (From a 30-something who is no where near a spend-thrift, and struggling even though I work 60 hour weeks at a professional job)
Not to mention incompetent
THIRD PLACEliberals seem to forget they are NOT the oppositionthey are thirdtalking of beating Harper is presumtuous - you first need to beat MULCAIRi love Liberals - but only in second place
The likes of CCE appear to have gotten the tired old talking point about 'unelected and unaccountable judges.'
It's his money ....
what a load of rubbish
I'll say this again but if $80K gets you into top 10% who the heck is buying all the houses at these insane prices? $80K wouldn't qualify you for a mortgage on a tiny shoebox condo in Toronto.
Infantile straw man argument, go back to playing with your big truck
Chuckie isnt the sharpest knife in the drawer
OUTSTANDING EDITORIAL!
Nowadays, the common sense articles seem to be predominantly written by women. Frankly, it's taboo for a man to get anywhere near this hornet's nest.
What has he achieved? How about defeating Stephen Harper and the Conservative Party of Canada in his first election as leader of the Liberal party? Or do you think that was a pushover?
Newspapers are rudderless and lacking in editorial courage. The front page of the Calgary Herald's last weekend edition was devoted to... A Sobey's ad featuring Jamie Oliver. The ad department has usurped the throne.
Good observation to which many people should give consideration now that the heat of the election has past. I know I will.
Having kids early ages you. Having a child later in life, keeps you young.
400K gays paraded around Vancouver this weekend.
First of all they are still alive. Second, it's pretty easy to compare the health of siblings when there are 5 to 15 of them! In those large families, a couple might have gotten breast milk and the others formula or juice when lactose intolerant.
Please, LET'S forget Rush. Commercial success notwithstanding, they could have come from anywhere.
No. Scientists factor in what seem to be natural trends, and then figure out how much more change is due to human factors.
Total rubbish
That's why Harper prefers to ignore any experts in the area - so much better to puff yourself up and call war 'noble' in a 'common sense' cause. I just know our new bestest friends and allies will never turn against us.
And do what?
Hry Wally, the only reason Canada looked good during and after the recession was because the Liberal Chretien and Martin left them with a surplus. The Harper government has done everything possible to undo their work.
Perhaps you fail to understand the word "existential" as in threatening our very existence. It amazes me how much you right-ists just love to be scared. boo!
Still waiting......
Did your morning Timmie's coffee group come up with that brilliant conclusion?
And since Harper took power he cut 12 billion annually from government coffers with his across the board panned GST cut while cancelling an income tax cut.
What a weird topic to write about.
Hey djay. Thank your union buddies then go get a job or stop whining.
I count 12 women in the current cabinet. just what is your point?
Uh, why exactly has LoonerLander's comment been deleted?
You are right. But that really pleasant neighbour down the street who lent you his snow blower watches Fox and will vote for Trump.
You really don't understand.
lagatta4: You don't sound very relaxed. Write a letter to Canadian Tire.
Yeah all cops strive for the day they can shoot and kill somebody! You really have no idea.....
Depends on whether one views weed as an alternative or a gateway.
When will the Iroquois nation pay back the surviving Huron natives for the genocides of the 18th Century? That reparation and reconciliation should be worth a few billion by now in today's money.
Another attempt by some moronic crusader to hijack this topic
Asinine snidity is the hallmark of the buffoon.
@ StompinYet you are tone deaf when it comes to the countless Harper scandals over the years. You are a true Conservative supporter. Your team all the way even if it makes you a hypocrite.
I would happily be topless. But Canada is too conservative!
so we should blow billions on another green fantasy?
Almost none of it is fact. It's just a laundry list of what the loony right would like to believe.
And avoid the lesser evil decision?
and in those 35 years, what did this guy do about it? blames harper in 2014?
Following todays attacks and death on Parliament Hill by terrorists, what do you now suggest!!! Tell your Mama, sometimes violence solves problems...
I'm still not sure why Quebec is able to go against federal law?
Actually a US news site did a study on who votes Republican and the voters did have lower IQ quotients than those who voted Democrat.
Beans cause gastric gas... so does your post!
This is an opinion piece. He is expressing his opinion. Got it?
When will Justin apologize to sex workers for society looking down on them
The truth sometimes has to be retold. Sometimes many times before it gets through the thick skulls Harper supporters have.
Why resort to insults, shaky? Have you nothing more to add to the debate?
The joy of reading is still prevalent, only the medium has changed. I love to read but now instead of a book I read using my tablet.
Too late, Richard. More children are being born daily to the "immigrants" than could ever be deported daily.
My favourite ones are the government of Canada ads on the dangers of marijuana. Why do veiled positive ads when you can go a veiled negative ad?
Tell about how you feel about the lefts use of drones.
Please explain in detail the damage done to young Canadian men.
http://www.realclimate.org/index.php/archives/2014/08/ipcc-attribution-statements-redux-a-response-to-judith-curry/
So again. What point are you and bogbrush trying to make?
argyle....I'm not ignoring that all. Globalization brought with it problems, but my point is that many of the people decrying globalization don't realize there were many benefits as well and those will be lost if protectionism takes root.
the right to be maimed on the job or in battle?- you can have it because that's been men's lot for centuries and for God's sake enough with relationship talk arrgh Think Ill go shoot some defensless animals now
Then you won't like the NDP or the Liberal prescriptions. They are both talking significant levels of spending on infrastructure and day care and the like, things that could only add to the deficits, not reduce them.
"I am surprised such blatant anti-education ..." That post was in no way anti-education, unless your definition of education is the unchallenged pseudo-intellectual claptrap that passes for academia in some university faculties.
Probably a good time for a conversation on what we mean by infrastructure and who should be making the decisions on investment.
Back to the middle ages
The base is diminishing daily, but not for the reasons you think. The primary reason it is diminishing is because the generation born before the War is dying off.
The layman would call Fords bullies and professional psychopaths (as sociopaths are smart). Never trust stupid aggressive man as they are dangerous beyond imagination.
Yes, the Liberals have been in power for the last 14 years, and have made Canada a bad place. . . No wait, that was Harper. Roch, pay attention!!!
He's (gasp) even answering the media's questions.
Smart meters can earn her a few more dollars. They're like slot machines that only work for the house.
Lawrence Martin .... You are the most left leaning of all the globe reporters. Harper has good reason to be frustrated with the likes of you. Have you ever read the drivel you write....
Yes, it may receive that much but remits who knows how many billions more to Ottawa.
How many more days will this drivel continue. Nothing of substance happened at this summit.
Yes, like the income-challenged are seen trying to do when shopping at Loblaws. It's the upbeat music inspiring relief, near toe-tapping, and spending on the half-priced goods carts.
Negotiating CETA and she cries. I bet Trump will have her in screaming meemee's re-negotiating NAFTA. Good.
That's who !! Its been bugging me for a while -- who does this guy look like, and you nailed it. Now for the sad part, not only does his physical appearance resemble, but I think some of his intellect and common sense.
I don't doubt it. Cons see what they want to see.
I'm sorry but these designers need to get over themselves. The governments decision to use an amateur simply reflects the reality of the importance of design....if you have a problem with that you should get a new career.
Your point is totally irrelevant to a well argued opinion piece.
Staying in power for 7.5 years is not proof of good governing. It is proof of successful politicking. There is a difference but I don't think Harperites can fathom it.
Remember Fanny May? Govt regulation protects corporations and the 'free' market from its own worst impulses. Simply spouting more dogma won't change that.
I think HarPer tried both!
$3,100,000,000.00?
The senate has never been anything but a retirement home for political hacks and bagmen it is a complete waste of the taxpayers money and should be abolished.
Why he should care what Canadians want.
So, the G&M sensors have to have a look eh? Don't want any comments too critical of the Libs from getting posted...
Basically you are signing a contract of slavery in marriage then again when you stop taking the birth control pill. People are bullied into marriage by society run like a puppet for the Pope of the Vatican City. It's a morality play for the devil.
Who are the home grown terrorists?
Cronyism is large in Ontario.
Rex Murphy is proof that dinosaurs still roam the earth.
Vets are not taken seriously by this government as long as Fantino still has his job.
And THIS is why our courts need to take responsibility for a truly bad judgement... again I might add. I think our courts have been playing stick it to the man more than anything.
@my2cents6'The blame should go to our governments...'and since you elected your governments, The blame should go to YOU!
How about the distribution of armaments to countries you know are supporting some arms of the terrorist. Should they not be considered terrorist?
If Obama had delivered any of the hope and change he promised, there would have been no swamp for Trump to drain.
Do little research Jeff, and you'll see there are ways to determine cannabis impairment. https://www.codot.gov/safety/alcohol-and-impaired-driving/druggeddriving
His childish disrespect of Mr. Trudeau by referring to him as 'Justin' is another example of how small his brain is.
Just not "live' as we know it, Jim.
The provinces & the courts will prevent any significant change to he Senate. Campaign rhetoric.
At the time of Harding's visit, Canada's Defence Scheme No. 1 was a counterattack into the northern states in response to a U.S. attack.
I told you so.
Not true. The Bush administration touted war on the basis of WMDs. Chr?tien insisted it provide the proof. Gen. Colin Powell appeared before the UN with 'the proof' and had to retire from politics.
is it logically consistent to invite a person to become a citizen of a country that guarantees freedom of religion but only if she is willing to violate what she sees as a religious obligation?
I can guarantee most of the people in the Senate are not sober. And if the Senate is effective, the ability to overturn their decision makes the Senate obsolete.
Exactly!! Look at what we're stuck with in Ontario! We are never crawling out from under that rock.
You idiots from Toronto just keep voting Liberal so look to yourselves to blame.
Dickie, Dickie, Dickie. Get your little brain looked at.
The U.S. will welcome water pipelines. The government will regulate flow rates. Billions of dollars in earnings will be realized. Think of it as nature's LCBO, straight up or on the rocks.
So does a guaranteed minimum income increase "opportunities"?
So what are you saying Real Canadian? American Natives didn't like each other before the Europeans invaded. Probably so.Just further proves my point.
So your forebears were First Nation people? Because everyone else was an immigrant with very little in common with 'Canadians'.
Leaped on by all of Quebec's friends hereabouts. Great Gaia it gets tedious.
There is a huge difference between the circumstances of hydro price increases under Harris than under this and the last Liberal governments. The latter really is pure mismanagement.
Molly: You're as Canadian as Dim Sum, and have utterly no concept of Canadian values. You should move back to Communist China if you wish to live around people who share your values. Free Tibet!
And you will all be humming a different tune when ISIS comes home to Canada to roost!
Of course, Naomi Klein's not arguing we should force the third world to pay for emissions reductions, but keep tilting at that windmill Ms. Wente.
Thus is Western Civilization subsumed by radical liberalism and its co-leading province, genderism.
The Conservatives and media obsessing over Trudeau shows their fear of this young man who is making Harper already look like an old has been..
Morty, Your comment is somewhat disingenuous, considering most people pay 50% of what they make in taxes. Sum of payroll, fuel, hst, and all the hidden taxes foisted upon Ontario by that mcguinty character. I guess you want to pay more though.
Ordinary mainstream Canadians are smarter than you think. And if the Harper Government (why keep calling it that???) doesn't believe in global climate change then they most definitely should not be wasting taxpayer funds on Arctic development.
Well yes it's selective bias based on what actually has a chance of passing the House of Commons. That's kind of how the political system works, you know.
The longer the warming hiatus lasts (up to 17 years now) the more frantic the warmists become.
You are absolutely right.
The worst, and we got it.
Cute. Dear Leader? Is your life really that sad under our current (and long-standing) Prime Minister? I admit he has many faults -- and I'm not a fan of his party -- but 'Dear Leader' is a bit far.
I believe that within 15 or 20 years, people like you will be pretending they were people like us and wondering why people weren't shouting louder.
Glad to watch the games. LGBT Nazis like you only tell us that we are right.
Says the Orange Order.
How droll, troll.
Talk about completely missing the point.
Moral/ethical values are intrinsic to humanity and a Darwinian survival mechanism. Religion is merely one manifestation thereof, and not necessarily superior.
Ford has my vote.
There are many places still in the world where women are not allowed to go to school or even read. A story like this is an insult to people that struggle on a daily basis to do things that we take for granted.
if you think the F-35 is a boondoggle, then wait for a nuclear submarine programme.
I heard him at a Women's Day gathering in Pembroke, it was the crudest presentation I ever heard, just a nasty collage of sophmoric attempts at humour surrounded by empty sentences.
Did you expect anything different, Barrylane? After all, Flanagan was born, raised and educated in the US and came to Canada in the early 70s - hmmm, draft-dodger, perhaps. Has Flanagan taken out Canadian citizenship yet?
Oh, Tabatha. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/barackobama/8478044/Birther-row-began-with-Hillary-Clinton-supporters.html
Count me out. The Chong plan is the best plan. The Liberal charade is not a plan.
Canada isn't even among Chinese top 10 trading partners. What trade to talk about?
It's just another box to tick for the Nobel quest.
Don't use my people for your insulting argument. My people have paid their own way all over the planet and have been made into refugees every 50 years for the last 3000 so go crawl under a rock.
Larry, oh no you didn't sista!! Being even slightly critical of Justin, THE Justin, OUR Justin, YOUR Justin? There are definite cracks in the big red tent showing.
'Some day, David Thomson may be sorry that he let the Globe and Mail degenerate into what it is.'I think that happened about a decade ago!
You are definitely missing the picture, Poog. It is not media bias that is the problem. It is terrible judgement and actions by some police officers who murder citizens that is the problem. Justice is needed, and badly.
Chris.. that was briliiant satire... quite excellent actually.. subtle, yet not so subtle that your intent couldn't be determined... thumbs up.
It takes someone with a pulse. So, here's a clue: recite it slowly to your girlfriend in close quarters. Let's see how romantic you feel afterwards.
Learn to read. He doesn't say he'll tear their a** in two. He says he'll give them something big enough to do so.Ever hear of a size queen? You don't have to stick something big enough to tear your a** in two into your a**.
Harper was never a kid.
Margaret Wente will return.
Yup. You won't hear a peep from the provincial gov'ts of Alberta or Sask - being as how those two provinces are a stronghold of the conservative power base.
It's worse that you think.
You also forget that the buying of expensive homes in Canada by those coming from China & Russia those bastions of economic equality. How they got the money in such a equalitarian country beats me.
What science degree does Simpson have? Doesn't stop him from pontificating on global warming.
Until the bugs, dry rot get into it.
This is not a woman issue. It is Hillary the person that people don't like. Trump is just being seen as the lesser evil.
Now that's funny!
If this is really the advice the Boomer parents have given their kids, no wonder Millennials are deeply in debt with poor job prospects. Because the people actually doing the hiring in the workplace today didn't get the memo.
Great. Because most Canadians are progressive. So that means that 'true conservatives' will never be re-elected, unless we split the vote, and the Liberals have pledged to move away from a 'first past the post' system.
Good point, Jack.
seems like you are the most ignorant and useless person here
This article is so meaningless and so pathetic that it doesn't even deserve to be considered for publication in a tabloid.
Perhaps this young man should have stayed in Syria. Where it is safe!!!!!
He'll be remembered as one of the best presidents ever to assume that office.... and after George Dubya Bush and his FAILED wars in Afghanistan and Iraq, Obama was a breath of fresh air in the Oval Office.
I heard Chong speak recently in a panel on the future of Parliament. I was impressed. He's articulate, had his facts well arrayed, and spoke sensibly without partisanship or bafflegab. He's at least a worthy candidate.
'boringly sententious and sanctimonious outlet' pretty much describes your diatribe... er...post.
Repeat after me ..... 'between a patient and their doctor(s)'.That is all that is being discussed (and rightfully so).
My thought also. Kouvalis seems tainted to me.
I did read the report by Wally Oppal, all 176 pagesof it. It was written for the people that wanted theinquiry and as such it was rather useless. We willnot be hearing much about that anymore.
'Don't forget, in the past ten years they have been subjected to disgusting terrorist attacks on their public transportation system.'As opposed to planting bombs in pubs and on buses, as in the 1970s?
How very tolerant of the G&M....too bad the other side is so barbaric, backward and intolerant.
He is gradually shutting down the coal industry, against Republican political opposition in all the coal states. Come to .
An unjustified attack on a well-respected and intelligent jurist who has been a credit to the impartiality of our legal system. I can't believe I felt strongly enough about this to log in and support it
The former leader's resignation and present aloofness demonstrate clear dismay with his former party. This has gone on for some time. Who are the progenitors of this dismay, are they still there, why?
It was very hard to read this editorial to completion. It had to be written by either the extremely ignorant or the extremely cynical. The rodeo has evolved.
Canada needs to manage the country and economy like a business not with sunny ways. Kevin would be one of the best to do just that. If he runs he will get my party vote.
Wait until this happens to your family. You will not be so cavalier with your comments.
Obsess much Stew? How about stamp collecting? That's a good way to pass the time. Or building ships in bottles? mAybe watercolours? All good hobbies. Seems like you need one.
UN leadership eh?Was that in an alternate universe?
This is nothing but a female cat fight and the people from both provinces will suffer. It seems they want to play the political B.S. instead of getting on with the job at hand.
I didn't realize that Petie Muckay did the accounting.
Huh? How does that reflect on Chow? You really are desperate, aren't you?
The media is about infotainment not reality and facts. All media is owned by six companies with their own agendas of propaganda. If you want facts, look elsewhere.
I believe they are so stupid re power generation they actually think the likes of wind turbines could actually replace nuclear power.
blah, blah, blah...
Paul says "only the more simple minded among us would think so." Nice way to welcome a new Canadian. Typical leftist vitriol and thuggery from someone whose blue collar just covers his red neck
GoosePerhaps you could try getting your facts straight. Trudeau is a Math and French teacher... drama was a minor teaching gig.
No Jack - just have to cleanse the system of the vile abomination that was unification.
Oh, no, but there is a 'problem', parksy. The 'problem' is that the Harper Cons have realized they have no chance of re-election if a fair and democratic process is in place in 2015.
OK.... I agree with some of the above, and of course will defend to the death your right to say it, ha... But really, does Charlie not deserve any praise for its courage?
So the 1st, 4th and 5th amendment refer to individual rights and limit state power but the 2nd was stuck in to tell the states they could have reserves? The People means individuals. That's what the courts have ruled and even Obama admits it.
This is misguided, to put it mildly: The Prime Minister is lecturing and threatening one of the most maginalized, vulnerable and scapegoated groups...........Maybe he should insist that spelling also become mandatory.
not true. canadians of british stock did not call themselves canadian until well into the 20th century. they continued to call themselves british. Back then, canadian meant french canadian.
Every time we in the west do the logical thing it ends up creating a bigger mess. Why, it's almost as if we don't know what we're doing.
Exactly. I want all the people carrying guns in my society making minimum wage with a high school education.
And in other news, someone claiming to be Gandalf is looking for elves to escort back to Valinor. Why anyone gives a hoot about what this charlatan thinks is beyond me.
We need to lower taxes even more to give people more money to spend. Who thinks that government can spend our money better than us. Richard
Married people are happier until they go thru a divorce
Hear. Hear. Not here here.
Probably because it was not supported by the investigation.
Don't forget France.
Have a look at the history of Islam and Mohammed built a mosque that all religions and people could enjoy. It of course did not work out due to the period, but it was admirable. I would like to say now, before any comments, I am an atheist.
We don't like entitled complainers who crybaby to the guv-ment when things don't go their way. Most people in Halifax can't afford to even go to the restaurant in some historic pretty building that he can't fit into.
Brian Mulroney has had plenty of thanks already, some of it stuffed into envelopes, the rest of it in the form of an unjustified $2M settlement.
'Even if the WRA collapsed, I doubt they could win.'i doubt that, even if the wra collapsed, they'd win. very observant. pronoun alert!
Cities need to prioritized better. Toronto needs more subways but we got a lame railway to the airport & $2.5 billion dollar circus.
If CBC cut waste, functioned more efficiently, and most of all got the bloated salaries inline with the private sector, it wouldn't have to cut any programming. The alaries and perks are what kills the CBC.
Believeing what? The truth? I feel sorry for those people that were duped by propaganda lies.
What's your opinion of Canadian values? Add something to the conversation. Nice up vote total though!
Cause it's more fun castigating Ford, after all he is rotund.
Pompous, Egomaniacal, back-door Zionist shill. Nice finish, Bobby
There's a 'Report Abuse' function for this comment section. I would like to report massive abuse by Christy Clark and her party.
They are giving an opinion in an editorial which newspapers have being doing for a couple of centuries now. They are not telling you how to think. They are giving you something to think about. I hope you give the same scrutiny to the Denver Guardian.
You know, the only problem I have with 'democracy' is people like you are allowed in.
The black market will continue to thrive simply because like all government enterprises ,quality,price and delivery will be what the government wants ,not what the consumer wants.
I don't actually know what Tory stands for. He talks like a liberal. If he was the only thing standing between us and Olivia Chow as mayor I'd vote for him. Otherwise, not so much.
Worko: If you want crap please read the postings by your housemates Slippery, Booger, Truthnotteller and Mumbo Jumbo, to call out just a few. Enjoy your collective wallowing in it.
Harris was just as bad in Ontario.
If Trudeau and the Liberals were smart they would be courting Kevin Page and if Page was smart he would say no as it would kill the credibility of his past reports if he jumped right into the Liberal Bed so soon after leaving the PBO.
I MAKE [UP] THE RULES ...LOL.
Or, it's possible that Canadians are finally beginning to realize that they actually prefer socialism to capitalism and, thus, actually PREFER the NDP?
Can the Globe & Mail please hire staff who can write proper english and doesn't do their due diligence from conservative election ads? Harper has delivered 9 deficits in a row and 2015 will be a deficit year as well contrary to conservative claims.
True, pity you gave it away. I still have mine.
I guess it is for those who want to keep taking from others. The rest of us who pay the taxes have reached our limit. We could, say, pay for our own retirement if Wynne did not need to tax it away for her misguided pension plan.
Harper the accountant wasn't so bad. Harper the PM was simply unbearable.
Sociopath, not psychopath.
Canada produces less than 2% of the world's GHGs, the question is, will our planned reductions, resulting from increased taxation, have any meaningful effect on world wide emissions?
Get real!!!
Dude, you may be straight but you are anything but forward. and If taking pride in being straight is all you got, you're pretty pathetic too.
Truly depressing.
moony! What would it take, better than that, which one will it take for you to know what the 72% of all Canadians already know about Harper...?
And it is possible there may yet be the matter of some charges of murder and treason stemming from 911.
Why do they refer to this loser as Dr? He is a scumbag who paints all physicians as dishonest. He long ago gave up his pledge to 'do no harm'.
Other than the Suez Crisis in 1956 what other international conflict has Canadian filled the role of a broker of piece?
CGB: Animals are regularly skinned alive in China for the fur industry. Before calling me a liar, please do some research.
Do you even know where Greece is?
Drastic but needed, Canada should apologize to the Mid East countries for interfering in their countries. If we remain tied to the US and Israel we deserve to be retaliated against. They have taken over land occupied and claimed by others.
No. That's a partisan imbecile's delusion
You don't need supreme brilliance, you just have to pay attention to what the experts are saying instead of the dummies in the coffee shop.
How's that real estate speculation gig workin' for ya?
But that's the problem with political correctness, it leaves things open for interpretation. If something won't be tolerated, it is best to be as blunt and up-front as possible. If you are offended, too bad.
Photoshop.
The Rio Olympics will be the Olympics that no one went to. No Athletes, No spectators...
To SilverShelf Trump did not target immigrants as you say but 11 million ILLEGAL Mexican immigrants that is targeting invaders not immigrants
But we are only 0.5% of the world's population. We are emitting FOUR TIMES the global per capita average. Including historical emissions we have contributed about EIGHT TIMES as much to this problem as the global average.
And nothing to report from Lysiane xenophobic Gagnon. But it's coming!
just like Harper's mess
As I recall, Orr was done in by his own knees, not any fight related injuries.
What's the price of home in St. John, Mtl.?
You mean if he really was blowing pretend soap crack bubbles from a glass pipe? Go back to sleep with the snake Herper.
Sort of like all the two word posts here..
"we Believe" Who are the "we" , only Harper's brain dead base believe in whatever Harper does or says. Intelligent Canadians, the majority of Canadians do not support your Dear Leader's actions.
collects economic outcome data.
So how come previous PMs' wives did fine without extra money?
Police can start doing what they do in Chicago, look the other way and drive on. Check out Chicago's murder rate compared to a few years ago.
Peladeau should be forced to serve out his term in politics. We should spare Corporate Canada from the likes of him for as long as possible.
Kevin, don't drink or take drugs.
Who cares what the Downtown Toronto Cocktail Party Circuit thinks.? The PM is right. The people stand with him.
'Pagan beliefs' ?
I can almost guarantee she did nothing that would be illegal in Canada. however, Iran is not Canada, you may not agree with their rules, but they are their rules....
What an ugly, purposely-demeaning term, "anchor babies". It seems ONLY to be applied to brown-skinned babies. Such prejudice is not something of which to be proud. 'Sounds idiotic to me.'
Recall that the CPC caucus had a meeting with Republican strategist Frank Lunz shortly after coming to power in 2006. Do we think they were talking hockey playoffs?
We can only hope that in a minority house Harper will be disgraced and disregarded as he is what his supporters are recently wont to describe reporters.
I think the fact that thousands of military and RCMP are claiming PTSD and retiring with only 10 years of service is causing the Law and Order Conservatives some lost sleep as well.
Is this the future PM of Canada? Justin the Foul-Mouthed he called Peter Kent, MP a 'piece of s---' in ParliamentThis is the man you want for possible Prime Minister ????like father like son)
You can cut and paste, but you're like the schoolteachers who equate a student's spud gun with a terrorist weapon. All strident conviction, but profoundly lacking in understanding.
The G&M and the CBC are cowards: the are good at demonizing Israel though.
Welland seems a little angry. Do your figures of PEI receiving more aid per capita also come from a report? Could that report also be slanted?
The official US government numbers are 30,000 each car deaths and gun deaths per year.
The muppets are out en masse. P.E.T. Light cannot save us, Kermit. You rube.
Morrisey is spot on. You flesh eaters are destroying the planet along with the poor animals.
Ah...but "NO" never means No. It only means a delay until the next referendum... and the next... and the next... until, one day, maybe, the YES vote will win and then, of a sudden, the public's right to referenda will be forbidden.
Solomon probably has several cases of entitlement going on simultaneously.
And "Canadian."
@Xandoli - That's getting tiresome. If a country's leader is stoking hatred against an identifiable minority for political gain, and that tactic has been used in the past with tragic consequences, perhaps pointing out the connection is valid.
Boo! An Arab under every bed!!! Clutching a knife between his teeth to get ya!
Donald Trump twitter followers - 17.4 millionElizabeth Renzatti twitter followers -8000 (most / all of them in the GTA)Elizabeth - you're an irrelevant GTA Liberal whiner.
Many many many people predicted this would happen. Trump and his ego have been around for a long time. This train wreck should surprise no one.
We need a politician like Donald Trump , who says what most people are thinking
It would be a lot easier to ignore a headscarf, face veil, etc., if there was confidence in our system, that more blatant challenges of basic charter rights could never be considered an option in court.
what about crime rates ?
Here we go again! Another article not well thought out.
Perhaps it's because Harper is the PM right now and Trudeau leads a party in third place and may never ever be PM.
Stephen Harper is the most cynical prime minister by far in Canadian history. But this time, he's played Canadians for fools one time too many.
@Buwisit Under the circumstances, I'm not sure much respect is actually due.
Sad and true.
and buy in Shanghai--good luck.
How about taking population control seriously.
The dream of advanced nuclear to extract the remaining energy from spent fuel has been a decade away for four decades. Keep dreaming.
?? What?? I have a MD Ph.D and I had great difficulty understanding how the diverse subjects logically linked together and were related ??
nah the G&M is just actvly campaigning for their election endorsement, I mean if the Liberals all pack up and dissapper they'll get their haperless CPC government! :)
and its not very good
Yeah, like I used to shake my head back in my hitch-hiking days. 'Man, how the heck do I justify paying my tax dollars on THIS lonely highway----haven't seen a car for hours.'
Long term successful societies value the wisdom of elders. The Lib/left knows better.
I think you are missing Muskoka18's point.
But his extreme narcissism is far more troubling. It says everything that this loser can't see past his own ego to step down. This guy just isn't humiliated and must really be delusional if he thinks he's the best possible mayor for Toronto.
The US is still interfering with countries around the world. Its drones are an obscenity. Maturity?
WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!'Stephen Harper doesn't like us after we lie about him every day!'Time for an All You Can Eat Hunger Strike!
MI:Transit is being paid for by the province.
I guess PMO salaries will be covered in the interim, so you're alright.
Too many people fighting over too many gods.
JLee ask the republicans that as it was around this time Kennedy was assassinated.
I agree with you NADDAWAY.
90% of people imprisoned for hate crimes come from public schools. Yep, sounds like there is no problem with the schooling system there hey!
The issue requires new legislation plus the notwithstanding clause. Nip all this stuff in the bud.
The fact that it is ineffectual might be a starting point. It is also expensive- and we could use our 'foreign aid' money much more effectively.
Then go ahead vote NDP or Liberals. Not much choice is there?
It's too late, the election is over! Apparently Ontarians love incompetence and wastefulness in government.
I do! I do!
Agree, I don't think most Canadians are buying into Harper's B S this time around.
video killed the radio star
Probably to get educated, not indoctrinated
Herd/group immunity. Costs to society. Deaths of real people. Look it up and learn something.
LOL, what twaddle!
Canadians are merely observers although the economic impact of U.S. policy can have a real affect Canada.
Yea we need a socialist paradise...........NOT
You're comparing apples to oranges. Have a good hard look at Australian demographics and then compare them to Canada's. Not the same population makeup at all. To insist that the same system will work here......not likely.
Liberals failing to take a tough decision. Who would have thought that could happen.
How stupid is this obsession with skin color. We don't even describe color properly. I've seen a couple of almost white people and almost black people in my life, but most people are shades of beige or brown.
The 'root' cause is senseless Muslim overbreeding.
You're not kidding, a 1% increase in the interest rate will cost Ontario $3B in additional interest payments... annually! That is based on the current debt load and not what it will be once Wynne is finished with it.
We are both missing the point.
trump is already too busy growing the us economy and jobs while our PM is off on holiday
There's an old saying in Canada: Conservatives are good at winning elections, but they're terrible at governing.
After all the Fascist Party is run by an intellectual giant.
And your point is.....?
Hydrogen is an energy transfer system, not an energy source. If you have any updates on nuclear fusion becoming viable please let us know.
yawn. wilkie the liberal hack. please check back with us in 2 years wilkie.
He may have spoken for your myopic thoughts and ideals, fortunately most don't sharethem.
Like how to snowboard??
The G/M has become a forum for Putinistas.
I think he's just whining that the government hasn't done everything instantly and we're in a grey zone between criminalization and legalization. It's a common thing with pundits now.
Once could probably defend the list and PM Harper's right to try to appoint a federal court judge. What is intolerable are his lies about the Chief Justice's conduct. His own conduct and that of the PMO should be enough for him to decide to resign.
'You can see Lebanon, Syria and Jordan in the north, and Saudi Arabia and Egypt in the south.'Funny, Ms Wente can't see the Palestinians. In fact the word 'Palestine' does not appear in her article. Who paid for her trip?
Idiotic comment. The globe editorial staff is a sell out to its corporate owners, big oil and the Harper government
Before jumping to conclusions, have you ever considered that Ms Ayad was not invited to the Leave HQ or was perhaps denied entry?
Try shutting down Ontario- the manufacturing powerhouse of the nation- and see if THAT will HELP.
People are starting to see Trudeau as a lightweight. The effect will become more pronounced during the next election campaign: www.angusreidglobal.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/21.04.2014-ARG-National-Voter-Intention.pdf
Trump is no warrior. He has heel spurs, remember?
Most of the 1% do not run businesses. They have investments that allow them to live well without having to concern themselves with actually running anything.
Dude, this is just a math problem lol. Literally 7800. Did it under 10 seconds. Do you not learn math in school anymore? Is this why the millennials are complaining life is so hard? Let me guess, math was racist so it got replaced with gender studies?
'Sooner rather than later though, some courageous leader'I have always been skeptical of adjectives applied to politicians. Far too often, politicians the writer agrees with are 'courageous', while politicians he disagrees with are 'small-minded'
Now, that's magical! Consider the continous and contemptous comments on this board towards any one who doesn't follow Liberal political principles and philosophy.
I totally agree, we need that conversation. And the sooner the better. ( I also support helping refugees abroad with humanitarian aid )
When the police are unable to deal with this matter succinctly along with the council, then the press should continue publishing this in the public interest as to hopefully create the impetus needed for growth and change.
The answer is simple: FEAR. Groundless; but still FEAR.
If you can't grow a quality of pot that you like you are free to buy it somewhere. It is rather easy to grow good pot. The Internet thing is full of growing information and seed suppliers.
sorry Cuddy, that came through on my cut and paste. I don't subscribe to Turtle island news but I often check out their website ( and sometimes facebook) to see what's cooking from the Six Nations perspective.
Then don't pay.
Wonderful budget! 'longest period of restraint in history' Awesome.
Oh please.....Harper is well left of the Democrats who daily launch hellfire equipped drones and have no qualms in invading countries.
Thanks for contributing. Women's rights have no boundaries.
Is this how you intend to go?
Because there is such little credibility in them as there may very well be 3000 articles a year here and maybe 2 or 3 showing the U.S in appositive light on anything. That's why.
and MIke Harris ...
Tory has never listened to his handlers. As mayor the unions will see sucker written all over his face.
Well, try to get a job as Notley's speech writer then. Personally found her version more succinct and much quicker "move on" to the economy.
F.TIt has been discussed and dismissed in that in the event of a real battle the body bag count would be so high there would be far too much public outrage and political heat.
Try 'horde' next time.
Isn't that what unions do, ask on behalf of their members? Ditto for professional associations, such as engineering societies? Seems much more efficient than on a one-to-one basis.
Ummmmm....ya OK Emm
Those who are unable to differentiate between cause and effect may be impressed with Mr. Shillford's self-congratulatory analysis.
'Education's Growing Success'; 'parent friendly language'...satire, right? Oh, please say it is satire...
Unfortunately so!
No sunset clause - just look at Quebec use of the provision
I'm sure they don't.
The huff and the CBC are simply liberal tools, no balance and simply serving a left wing agenda.
Human rights tribunals have already usurped that jurisdiction.
And likely will never have an employee.
The economics of scarcity leads naturally to inequality and disenfranchisement even in ambitious modern countries where people do not fear hard work.
I guess the Liberal left did not like the Maude Barlow post... tough She is a fool with followers like many here today!
Very true. Though I don't think it's necessarily socialization, you can observe the same behaviour in a troupe of baboons. It's just animal behaviour.
It's sad that you have no sense of your responsibilities as a citizen.
Hypocrisy and her step sister Holier Than Thou and her half-sister Dancing on the Moral High Ground are specialties of the LEFT the Left has turned sanctimonious posturing into an art form
Well since you say it who, other than The Donald, would disagree with 'the facts'. Mind you, I have cousins in Cleveland that swear you're wrong. So I guess it's a draw. Now, let's definitively decide if there really is life on other planets.
Naftas popularity would be a lot lower in NAFTA Courts in Mexico ordered the Canadian government to open the doors to all Mexican migrants and to provide Mexican job seekers with social services.
Go the following site for a list of Mr. Harper's acts against Canadian democracy. http://thetyee.ca/Opinion/2015/08/10/Harper-Abuses-of-Power-Final/
The stars and stripes might fly over Alberta but only over my dead body.
Easy there Tab, Senators might hole-up, make a stand, change their addresses to The Red Chamber, and defend it with their lives. On second thought...
If this is the kind of hyperbole Sarah writes now what will her articles be like after Trump wins his second term?
Christians didn't really rat out the radical Christians during 500 or so years of colonization and slavery and conquest, so, yes, it's impossible.
Whether it's a post season match up or next season.....either way.....expect Odor to get hit very hard by a pitch. My bet is that it will be a 95 miler to the head.
Take away the insane 'left' and America is lucid. We just voted in America??!!. And with Turdeau....we have no where to go, but down.
Dead straight, Chairman.
This comment seems to reflect a profound ignorance and a deep hostility. Which 10 cops have been stabbed to death over the past year?
There's 'no point' going from self-absorbed to a concern for the grandkids, eh kai2? Particularly if there are no grandkids to 'worry about.' Indeed, completely morally bankrupt.
'All The Prime Minister?s Boys In Short Pants' might make a significant chapter title.
I'd be happy if things stopped at 11:00 am, for two minutes.
I recommend to the parents of Ontario to take Scrimbro's advice. Stand together, organize a volunteer network, and create a system of alternative education for your children.
scrimbro- not to defend Ford, but, maybe he truly believes this pile he just dropped on our laps.
Sure, let's have used car dealers like Dean Del mastro deciding everything. Let's have Rob Ford, so policy can be decided by whoever phoned him last.
Russia is not unlike the criminal defendant who murders his parents and then pleads to the court for mercy because he is an orphan.
Wow. I never thought I'd find an article by a Progressive Conservative that demonized the word 'progressive.' That is not progress, I think.
That's in complete denial of the fact that they are still the biological sex they were born to. What you're arguing here is akin to surgically implanting a smile on a clinically depressed person and calling them cured
The simple fact that anti-choicers haven't been kidnapped and tortured for Epic Poetic Justice proves that the pro-choicers have the moral high ground on the issue of voluntary euthanasia. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J6l5-Rup-D4
What's your proposal?
But you do....senseless tripe.
The comments on this page suggest that Mr. Broadbent is right about the possibilities of a northern Drumpf.
And he tried to close down Gitmo. (BTW- water boarding did not come into play in Obama's time)
This was a fair and sensible analysis. Montreal vs. Quebec City is a tug of war that has existed since the days of New France.
Hard to do all that while cowering in closet.
Poor Margaret, the bitterness is eating her alive. On electoral reform, not everyone is as cynical as you.
You realise of course that Orwell was pretty left wing and he certainly wouldn't subscribe to the attitudes that you, skyofblue and Cynical in Toronto have.
Toast province, is the word your looking for. Not provence.------------------and no one noticed thisprovince, is the word YOU'RE looking for. Not provence. YOU'RE = you are (looking for)YOUR is a possessive pronounas in YOUR dog
Interesting question and piece of info I was not aware of.I shall explore....Thanks
Next to Trump Bozo the clown would appear presidential. Clinton will inherit the Presidency because there are no viable alternatives.
I don't neccessarily disagree with any of that... but this article is about Trump, not Clinton or Obama, so how is your comment relevant? It isn't as far as I can tell
I agree with you except for your misplaced attack on liberals. This has nothing to do with liberalism.
Trapeze, you only need to point out to McPuffin that Chretien's move into Afghanistan was only to be a token contribution after having refused to join McBush in Iraq.
That 'vast" majority seems to be becoming considerably less 'vast".
That's how the system is supposed to work, but for Con interference, anyway.
Do you know what percentage of Canadian Muslim women cover their faces in public? Look it up, I think you'll be surprised.
It's a little late for that. Their greed set in motion contracts that must be honored for many decades.
Health care is a fat cow that must be trimmed constantly. The feds will force that, which is a good thing.
If Notley were prudent, she would seek out protective custody for her own protection.
so basically you're fantisizing about getting a legal reason to kill someone. You are a horrible person
''Why are UK politicians so unprepared for the real world?''you mean politicians everywhere.
Wrong Nick, Cruz's father was not a citizen when Cruz was born, so Cruz is not a natural born citizen!
This is the opportunity for Liberal constituency association officials to have their Daily Frustration-Vent, #13. I wish you guys would win an election and calm down.
Sounds like Afghanistan.
"The vast majority of public servants are women" "(U)nsustainable, benefits and salary are out of control" References, please?
Ya, NOAA is your answer? LOL. You, don't have a clue.
So did the Quebec Separatists. I guess that was in Star Wars 2, when Anakin was still a good guy.
And nobody will ever need LNG again?!
I suspected there was more to the story when I heard they were on there way to Gaza. Thanks for the article. It confirmed my suspicions
You don't get it do you? Its not about the choice of words, which as you say have become commonplace. Its about sexual assault, bragging about doing things without consent. How hard is it to understand that?
It won't be much fun paying $9 for a head of lettuce in Toronto in February.
One thing it should be noticed is that Obama's presidency deteriorated American's racial relationship significantly.
Thanks Nirak, I appreciate that.
My God, this is the most uninformed comment I have ever read on the net.
Canada first, UN dictators second. If this upsets the Canadian leftist elitists who feel they are losing world popularity too bad.
The Americans did it!! Grow up.
In Asia, in China, are the fire fighters on the Sunshine List?
Our open head wound PM already removed the accountability legislation put in place by the previous government.
This reads like the sum total of the author's knowledge of the US comes from Fox News and the Washington Post's editorial page. In depth analysis this is not.
Little by little, over nearly a decade, Harper demolishes Canada. Only recently does the Board seem to notice. Can't wait to see who they support in 2015......
A very good, necessary column. Addressing the position of the 'poor' which, in Calgary, can describe someone with a steady construction job at $30.00/hr. but unable to afford an apartment for his/her family. '...dinner at Tim Hortons...'?
joey dog, You're not the first to say so. My daughter keeps insisting that I change my name. But I'm a brave man. We named our son Wendel and he's a Senators fan! He laughs at the Leafs.
According to Harper he has never been wrong in 9 years!
And corporations?
It's an editorial. Editorials, as opposed to Opinions, are not signed. Usually, editorial boards create them so to whom are you going to give a byline?
And yet he forced the chief proponent of that philosophy, Nevile Chamberlain, to resign.
Child sexual abuse, not to mention money-laundering, people go to prison for those crimes, but apparently the RC church is immune.
PC's are panicked too. Bringing Brian the Beard into it to scare up votes
'If he isn?t smart enough to know this, then you?ve got to ask whether he?s smart enough to be a cabinet minister.'
A society free of bigotry?
So what? What's wrong with us getting the resources we need to run society? You against civilization?
Even if what you were saying were true (which it isn't, as others have already pointed out) it wouldn't make PR wrong, it would just make Simpson wrong for not supporting it before.
And apparently he thinks the Harper government is democratic too.
Ah, poke, didn't you work your way through community college shining shoes? I like it when you refer to my cab driving - actually limo driving - rough patch. It's a tell - a sign that you have nothing to come back with.
Thank you for this editorial. I really enjoyed the tone and content of your writing. Can you publish this in Alberta? I hope you have hidden yourself in a safe and secure location. Hell hath no fury than this prime minister scorned.
SHAME, SHAME ON YOU JEFF, YOUR ARE NOT A PROFESSIONAL JOURNALIST, who pays you the Globe AND the Liberals
You realize that Hienbecker's only political job was for Mulroney right? A Conservative?
Outsourcing......anyone?????
But he is a fiscally irresponsible individual.
Whereas there were many pounds lost by the media as they foamed at the mouth over this non-story !
According to Stats Canada, the real (after inflation) increases in Median Family Incomes is nearer to 15% since 1990
I didn't make an assertion, I asked a question. If you swear allegiance to Elizabeth II and her heirs, how can you then turn around and advocate against the monarchy?
uh, the SNP held a referendum and lost cleanly....
The descendants of those who attended most of the residential schools have better education, better health, longer lives, and better lives generally, than the descendants of those aboriginals who did not attend those schools.
What's good about that nonsense?
Any similarities are moot if you can't even remember which is which.
Not good enough. The ceremony is recorded, and the person receiving citizenship should be fully identifiable. "In private" is unacceptable. Period.
@1Andrew007To respond to several of your points:>>I would use London City Airport ... as my comparable>Additional landing slots were not included as a condition.>Chesley Sullenberger>will bring great economic benefits
Are you planning to melt those medals down to make up for equalization payments?
Which are regulations that Mulroney put in actually. Martin did some tweeking to it. I guess you dislike to disregard only certain facts.
You can't 'humanitarian aid' your way out of ethnic cleansing. You could ask the Yahzidi girls being sold into sex slavery if you like. You can't ask the men because they're all dead.
The US system is very good , but only if you lots of cash.
Nobody performs surgery based solely on PSA. If that's the case then the process is at fault, not PSA test.
The biosphere has to bend to the requirements of its most pugnacious species, B B ? Right.
Well there are plenty of overpriced homes available in either Vancouver or Toronto for them to buy and move to.
wtf6 = Albertan with an agenda?
1) no2) irrelevent
Why don't you ask him?
In ur dreams Looner.
Those statistics are meaningless in describing 'Muslims' unless compared to a control group of non-Muslims. What proportion of the population at large answers 'yes' to that question? I'll bet it's similar.
The ordinary people aren't benefiting though. Mass third world immigration by unskilled cheap labourers and skilled cheap labour combine to keep wages frozen and devastate the American middle class
I want the change.
Brilliantly put.
Why would educated, knowledgeable people in Toronto care about the opinion of barely literate hicks in Alberta?
'The PQ government?s plan, if adopted' that would mean approval from the opposition parties, very unlikely, elections are coming. Hope the PQ gets vaporized at the polls.
mellisaW....can't imagine him doing a show that soon unless this dies down and he comes out neutral at the very least....he's radioactive to anyone (and only growing more so) to anyone near him.
The best anyone can do is vote for the 'least worst'.
They will. Bookmark this post.
I really hope the Harper Government is taking notes because they are going to get Marois'ed come 2015. My vision for 2015 - Harper, Marois, Kim Campbell, Glen Clark, John Turner all go for coffee to convene the 'OMG, What Just Happened' Club.
Have you seen the New York Times article on this that lays out the evidence? Obviously not.
This is one of those times when Glenn is, in fact, correct. www.erudit.org/revue/cqd/2012/v41/n1/1012981ar.pdf
You have a very limited idea of democracy, jo.
Go back and read the article. None of the credit belongs to Harper. Time to flush him down the toilet!
Hahahahahhaha.
don't forget the RCMP!
What they call 'science' today is not really science......because just like everything else, government has corrupted science.
Yes, corruption is rife and social benefits in Mexico are nothing but laughable.
Or with boxing gloves off the ice?
So a lightweight report, an 'executive summary' without an actual report it is supposed to summarize. The dumbing down is now complete.
Please explain why they're wrong rather than resorting to a personal attack.
It makes life very easy for them. I think you got the same potted definition of MSM from one of them yesterday as I did, I can't keep them straight anymore. As though spelling out the delusion makes it more real for them.
refugees ARE immigrants.
Canadian politicians promised to be nice to one another after the Jan 2011 shooting of Senator Gabrielle Giffords in Arizona. Like most promises from politicians, they are soon forgotten.
AJSoWhat is the difference between the current situation and the 2 state solution?
Quod Erat Demonstrandum
I live on Vancouver Island and I couldn't agree more with this article! The CAVERS,' Citizens Against Virtually Eveything', have to realize that they are in the minority as much as it might pain them!
tapani, unlike Canada the US does have property rights. Instituting a single payer system would have required the government to compensate all the insurance companies (and their shareholders) for effectively confiscating their property.
And why did Canada sell military equipment to Russia?
If I was Israeli the last thing on my mind would be paranoia. Israel has all the nukes, all the money, all the state of the art weaponry, all the power.... the Arabs have glorified firecrackers.
Harper's foreign policy is aligned with the republicans, which continues to use a cudgel with Iran (along with Israel), and this is strategically very stupid. As Harper will likely continue to cleave to Israel, the sooner he's gone, the better.
Such a contrast. Ibbitson frets that Harper's sensitive nature will cause him to have a breakdown on the campaign. Kind of makes Harper sound like a 'wet', if I took anything by Ibbitson seriously.
weird world My friend, I can see that your ignorance is only surpassed by your arrogance
Working for you probably blows anyways.
If that's the best you can do in defence of Ford - oh, wait, of course a mindless attack on a dead man is the best you can do. Everyone in your circle knows Mao bad, so, article bad. Carry on, Ford & Harper Nation.
But your way of life is evil according to the new religion of Climate Change.
and fighting to walk topless in the streets battle won but no one does it
My god. Thank-you. You give me hope.
Exactly, and well said Brian
The bankers are the terrorists, their planned austerity measures, the bloodless annexation of Greece.
' The art of diplomacy is the capacity to say ' nice doggie, nice doggie' with one hand, whilst the other hand reaches out for a rock'.
Sy Borg, I'd suppose you would prefer the Harper Con hat trick he dreams about?
Ah yes, the argument ad hominem in its crudest form.
Transit is special, doofus. It eases congestion, pollution and maybe even male pattern baldness.
Bzzzzt. Typical Con pap.
If we had higher mortgage rates house prices would be lower but buyers would face similar monthly costs. What people are willing to pay is driven buy their monthly costs, not by the principle cost of the house they are buying.
Trudeau is an empty vessel. If he is a bridge, it is a bridge to nowhere
Others ,only,have taken Selfies with our Handsome Prime Minister. But its an easy lie, isnt it?
Yikes, maybe you should look up what ISIS is doing over there...
Harper could not meet the physical requirements of the forces. Obesity is a barrier to entrance.
IPCC adds disclaimer: 'past performance is not a guarantee of future results'.
Lousy excuses and poor arguements that dont make sense. Harper will be voted in again. The little one, will show he has little substance as soon as the election starts.
Section 3 of the Charter quite specifically says that Canadian citizens have the right to vote.
That would be a lower-case c.
That's an outright insult to any established mafia family. Don't let them catch you in an alley one dark night.
Indeed. How this came to be, and why it won't be derailed, is a microcosm of Ottawa in the Harper era -- the process and the result is secretive, partisan, ideological, authoritarian, and divisive.
And logical - something that was sorely missing in the Globe's editorial board for some time (and will not be forgotten).
Absolutely correct. I know of several cases where qualified candidates for jobs could not be found.
Quite right. Harpler and his Cons have opened an official bureau of propaganda. Government by illusion.
The Kurdish Peshmerga are actually a fairly coherent and effective force. Helping them is not that bad an idea. Unless, of course, you support the Turkish AK Party.
The same editorial board that endorsed these clowns how many times ?
I answered you. All rich countries have unions. But they are not rich because of them. BTW this is a basic tenet of Marxist analysis. As for China, 134 million Chinese belong to communist controlled unions.
Perfect post!
That is what you call Kamera Karma.
When you have to make something up to manufacture outrage, you know you've lost.
What a great creative solution!
Defense against what?
Did anyone consider that 'bullying' had nothing to do with their deaths? Ummm....seriously? So the meds made them dillusional? Nobody was really causing them incredible shame and embarassment by publishing photos of the on the internet? riiight.
Ronnie, your turn to cook on Friday.
I think you've hit many big nails squarely on the head here. Thanks.
Lots of left wing rambling around here. The fact is, this conservative government, economically has been one of the most successful in Canadian history. And that's why I expect they will win again in October.
Spot on. Its just propaganda writers, relying on false information.
clear, measured analysis: well done.
You underestimate the Liberals at your own peril. They have a long successful history of governance.
Shouldn't Christians do the same? The religion that killed ten of thousands of witches, burned heretics at the stake, justified slavery, covered up sexual abuse, oppressed native population in north and south America, ...
Yes, desperate people are desperate people. Good thing they were heading to an 'empty' continent....
Yes and running out of the john tripping with their pants down below the knees. Good one.
Latinos can be white but those mixed with Aztec, Mayan, other indigenous groups .... and Spanish would be more like our Metis
Work- What a simplistic view of the world.
you don't have to go as far back as Nixon to find leftist hatred... George Bush Mulroney Mike Harris Rob Ford the left specializes in hatred Root cause - intolerant but posing as tolerant
'The trouble is the perceived failure of the elites to run the country competently'So they elect a good 'ol blue collar guy that resonates with the masses.. like Donald Trump?? The only one Trump cares about is Trump.
Correction: seven years of the Harper Canada government.
Judea nice slogan "White Guilt into Cash" maybe immigrants who have lost their parents' culture can also sue for cultural genocide Canada is suffocating with political correctness
Water is vital to life too but we would be extinct with too much of it. What is it about balance and equilibrium that so puzzles so many. Here is a little experiment. Go into a sealed room full of CO2 and see what happens.
"Chlorine was used in WW1 as a poison gas, killing hundreds of thousands, yet we are happy to put it on our food." Neither do yours, since according to your awkward chemistry lesson the Cl is bound to the Na and is no longer a deadly gas.
once and for all. Good luck with that Bibi.
'Victories of democracy in its purest form - one person one vote' ??? If you didn't notice, Clinton won the popular vote.
Not really; research how many engineers Mexico turns out a year relative to Canada. It's astounding; so they have ample supply of BOTH, high skill and grunts who don't expect a pension. It makes quite a sucking sound indeed.
Is this what we want in Canada ? Stand strong Mr Harper. You must protect Canadians first. Trudeau and Mulcair will not protect us https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R5L9SExquao
...as in the kind of 'brains' that would elect Trump for president? lol
Six antiquated CF18's that would not last 30 seconds in combat with Russia's new Sukhois and Migs. Posturing at its best.
Sure, but that sort of investigation would be upto the CoTU Keystone Cops who didn't even charge Frod with smoking crack cocaine despite a confession to do.
I'm sorry, if you are a Canadian in Texas, do you even pay taxes here? I don't think Mr. Trudea is talking about subsidising the middle class when he speaks of supporting them.
Wow, you guys are ill-tempered.
A dual-national should never be allowed to be PM of Canada.
The French eat a larger meal at mid-day, when they are more active, and have a smaller meal in the evening, when they are winding down. That's the way to do it. We North Americans have it backwards.
It's 99 on my list of priorities. I just hope that we get a national referendum on it versus letting the politicians decide.
I think is shows a kind of viciousness to pick a person to denigrate and besmirch for a benightedness they had no practical means of even recognizing.
And sociopathic trolls pad their egos with insults.
integrity integrity integrity she knew back in 2008 and now she has also changed her birth date and birth country she should be removed if the liberals cant even vet thier ministers god help us on our immigration policy's now
As Martin says, time will tell.
There is no evidence that anything will change with a new government. It is Trudeau Sr who first started concentrating the power centrally.
More Saunders 'hogwash.' Just maybe the Brits have found that 'one size' doesn't fit all.
Obviously you don't understand finance.
So, the fact that they held him down and then shot him doesn't matter to you? That's not being 'frank' that is being willfully obtuse.
Yeah. He does look a bit like a shell shocked Richard Nixon with the wheels coming off.
You've been told that. Ask about the$3 billion for security that can't be accounted for.
Reading the comments, one thing is crystal clear - the GTA is scared.
One thing we should really be worried about is what happens to men who are falsely accused and don't have the financial resources to mount an adequate defence (could be you, your son, your father).
Right on, D_Peters. Sounds like fun. What a work ethic, eh?
Naomi misquoted the case of the Iowa Dental AsstThe Asst was fired because the Dentist's wife thought she was too attractive to be working with her. It was either she goes, or divorce. The Dentist was simply 'blackmailed'. Woman vs woman issue
The only thing preserving our democracy in Canada: the Supreme Court of Canada.
Our current prime minister never had to work a day in his life, and so he didn't. By nearly all accounts, he was a failure before he went into politics in order to capitalize on his last name.
Moderate Muslims need to start making their voices heard about the folly of their extremist counterparts. Until then, it's just so much useless hot air.
Let us start World War III, in support of Israel. We owe it to them, on account of the Holocaust !
Actually he is a genius, of the evil variety.
And we also need to fund 50,000 Shariah loving refugees while our own streets are littered with the homeless! Trudeau! Trudeau! Trudeau! This guy is the biggest embarrassment of a PM in the history of Canada.
Gawd, did she go this far? I couldn't read the article past the first stupid paragraph. Why did the G&M hire someone so obviously unqualified to be a journalist?
The same part that says a candidate has to provide over and over again that he/she was born in the US.
$1.2 B over 5 years ( I believe ) is peanuts !
Curious George I noticed the Chamber of Commerce/business community crap too.
Simpson has a knack for Monday morning quarterbackinghaving said that if this government paid more attention to experts in academe they might have found themselves not creating the mess they made in Libya, Afghanistan and Iraq
cjpm-I just looked at our Hydro One bill for a cottage in the same area. We are charged more like $35 per month for transmission, debt retirement and regulatory charges.
Read the article...
Good article
Did it have to come to that?
First world problems
Clinton is disliked and distrusted by more than half of Americans .......... for some very bad reasons, starting with the 'Arkansas project'Trump's negatives are even higher, and for good reasons.
Gettin' scared, Bill G?You should be.
You're the second person in a week that has offended me, and many other rural people. It's B.S by the way
Oops third sentence should start *Without*
This. Thank you.
does that make you the answer?
I think I hear more than a trace of paranoia.
It has been 44 years since the FINAL report (47 years since the preliminary report) of the LeDain Commission recommended that cannabis be removed from the criminal code, and be managed like alcohol.
he already stuffs himself at the publics expense
'But if we are all to be judged by our worst moments, we'll all surely be found wanting.'Yup.
They are called Human Resources for a reason.
Europe is hardly reported on at all... Okay, maybe that is true. So what? Take a look at the TV and newspapers in Euiropean countries. See much of Canada? Next...
If you ever lived through the times where there was gender based segregation in the work force, when you had no rights to apply for most jobs, you would understand the need. We never had the chance to show our merit - and those biases still exist.
You mean Harpers targets that Turdeau magically adopted?
It is mind control !
Where did they come from? Presumably the answer is...somehow...Harper.
4Q pinhead
You can't defend a study by simply repeating (often ad nauseam) 'Read the study' when the study itself is being criticized. Therefore I hypothesize that you are unable to defend the study.
You know, right, that the first criteria to win a Nobel Prize of any sort is that the winner has to be alive?
Its not the Harper government, the majority of people are against this.
@truthhurtstheleft Until you can figure out how punctuation works, you should probably keep your ramblings to yourself.
Actually we got involved under the Chretien regime.
Mark Shore - Lemmings are solitary animals and don't leap off cliffs, Sounds like Mark Shore wants to be Mark Trail............
You are correct and I have no problem admitting it. It's human nature.
still synonymizing feminism with all that's holy and good. it's a theory, ideology and model. it's not goodness and justice itself. we can leave 'it' behind just like we can traditionalism and still be good people.
The same questions could be asked of the National Citizens Coalition or The Canadian Taxpayers Federation. For whom do they speak? Not me.
We do not need to keep growing forever. My quality of life does not depend on my zillion dollar house. It does depend on a safe neighbourhood where I don't feel like an unwelcome alien in my own country.
Unless the swamp was enormous and the draining process under constant sabotage.
O'leary Code... O'leary=10 Fords; If (O'leary mouth=open); result=venom;If(O'leary leader==conservative party); result = loss; If (O'leary fund== invest); result=loss;O'leary =Trump= disaster;
[ and saddled the US with George W. Bush]I thought it was the US Supreme Court that stopped the counting of ballots in Florida when a full count would have given the state and the presidency to Gore.
Have you ever taken a taxi in this city?
Imagine that: a right winger demanding that someone else present facts!
Sorry kpare, we cannot have obvious factual information messing up our ideological rants.
You mean right-wing fantasy heads
I think they didn't take a position because they didn't have to in order to decide the case. Like they said. Simple answer and one that doesn't require a crystal ball.
'What?s even more amazing is how easily the media are baited. They fall into a swoon over every fresh outrage. But why?'Because the media are the fabricators of these 'outrages' and they love their own swill.
Just this to say about referendums 'Brexit'
Issues. Descent. Kids.
Classic right-wing misdirection. Don't deal with the issue - attack the messenger.
cant believe your comment was allowed, well done indeed!
that or the companies know where their money talks and where it doesn't
so, as long as these terrorist thugs are burning Egyptians alive we should just sit back and contemplate our navels... like we did in the 30's with Hitler and Mussolini... you are the loser my friend and the terrorists are counting on people like you
Come on Globe and Mail , support Canadian democracy , invite Elizabeth May to your debate .
Then like most people you aren't interested in the actual history of Canada, just in the anthropologically exotic early years, no matter what level you study it at. It is just that at the high-school level, it is very oversimplified.
Not retiring in ontario for sure...
sarcasm duly noted !
Ah, Westerninvestor3 shows his true colours. He is a deep believer in the oil economy and frightened by anything that might challenge his faith. Unfortunately for him the rest of the world is moving on.
@ ErickaCooking's not my strong point. Why would you not cook peas and carrots in the same pot? They microwave pretty well together!
What would one expect from the people who brought us the The Yulin Dog Meat Festival?
Next week this professor will write how passports and immigration controls are discriminatory.
So if the Leader of a country says we can't do anything about climate change because it will destroy the economy you're saying he is an extremist? Is that what you're getting at here?
Rather like all the Russian trolls who pretend Russia didn't invade Ukraine?
I like to think for myself so I don't follow either religions ... Catholicism nor Climate Changism.
I thought it was that... (!)Anyways,I like itThy sons is just archaic I agree
Arbitration is stacked against employers in this country particularly in the public sector.
Try it on me. Better still, hit a Newark bar and perform the same hateful crap on the black patrons.
And Feb 2015 was the coldest Feb Toronto ever had. Must be a new ice age coming.
So Regressive000 are you saying that you don't support Harper either? Why don't you vote NDP and not vote for Mulcair?
I think the color 'blue' would be a great color for Trump's wall, don't you?
The fair elections act is one reason alone to vote harper out never mind everything else.
In addition to sex lives, I'd prefer not to hear about politicians' (and celebrities') medical conditions as well.
Hay Day's a computer game. You're likely more familiar with Angry Birds.
Unfortunately for Michael Bliss he is well-known for his positive views on 'privatization'. It seems he is only aware of shared cooperative interests and the 'commons' when it invades his 'turf', so to speak.
For 'negative', read 'honest.'
You're right. He was not one of those who sat as a Progressive Conservative.
What, they might have to actually WORK ?
It is actually about engineering social change (to change behaviours) to fight climate change.
Mr. Hoskins is more appropriate.
I don't remember you or any other pseudonym commenting on the number of Afghans killed by Canadians.
Why would Mr Manning presume to point fingers considering his party's recent performance?
Hey Pause Button, has local baseball really gone down so much in attendance? Also, is there a huge drop-off in local hockey at a certain age (usually before puberty)?Thanks!
Actually Christine Legarde did get her job because of a quota - the Head of the IMF is always a European; Mohamed El Erian was a far better candidate.
Actually I'm not, I just get so tired of the left's defence of climate stuff they go on and on and on at nausea. I repeat climate change is a hoax !
Indeed it is...at the top, a dried variety and when exposed just as odious as what's underneath.
Krusher, I agree. I was arguing that religion is one of the possible otherworldly ideologies that could allow one to attack oneself, family, or society. Anarchism or communism are two others.
I have nothing for respect for Bob Rae.
Please put Ms. Wente on the lifestyles beat. She's not bad on things like menopausal parents. On world issues her columns are pure redneck populism.
What a rude statement - care to explain it?
It's easy to get a free read. Take those books you've read to your used book seller, get a credit and get free books you haven't read. And you also support small business rather than Amazon.
They forget to talk about the murders and oppression. Wonder why...
So the parents can come back to Canada live here and make a citizenship application for their child. It's very easy really and very fair.
with attitudes like this Canada will remain stuck in the 19th Century.
SKyomiI do...................you don't.
You'll remember of course that he wasn't in a majority for half his time as PM when you analyze the financial performance. And the 08 crash was the worst since the 1930s. Important for the objective observer in terms of context.
DieterHH, Very true: So - please don't insult the intelligence of your readers ! Our politicians are another matter
The Americans are half-way there. The Feds are not going to go up against the large and growing number of states whose people have spoken. As for local enforcement, we already regulate tobacco and alcohol just fine.
Apparently reading comprehension is not a strong suit of yours.
Those manufacturing and agricultural jobs were never middle class jobs - the true middle classes were the educated professionals but we seem to have redefined the term until now it is meaningless.
next stop for many smaller communities in Ontario - bankruptcysee DETROIT? that's what happens when the public sector unions keep on sucking on a teat that is running dry.
That's the problem isn't it . Feelings. Tell me what you THINK.
No, at $100K income the penalty on 1-earners is about $7,300. There is a credit for a spouse, which works out to about $2,000. Both 1-earner and 2-earner families get two such credits (total $4,000).
Great article. Thanks!
So the choice is between someone who lets lose the f bomb and someone who lies to parliament about what he knew about the senate scandal. Bad words versus a principle of democracy: which matters more.
Solve the worlds problems. Send muslims and jews packing... if they can't accept and live like others in the West. We don't need this crap here
Art, Life, Sports and Editorial sections are political topics!
Keep it quiet otherwise the enviropocalypsers will shut down the railways too. Canada has had energy pipelines, 100, 000 km of them now, starting over 150 years ago. Suddenly they're the plague because the kids have been told that.
I think media and commercial interests would be the best source of funding. Once major sites are constructed the cost for building facilities should be fairly minimal.
Sugar also makes you thirsty, not just salt.
Your attitude & ignorance are a root cause of terrorism. Uninformed hatred is often met by uninformed hatred
It doesn't matter whether he 'announced' it or mentioned it in response to a question. What matters is that it was a deliberate misrepresentation of the facts. He wasn't 'simply stating facts'. He was simply lying. Again.
oh yes they were... Harper ran the show... and he was down right nasty. Liberals...Cons....to stay in power... there all the same!
The problem with 'carbon taxes' is that it is the EXACT SAME as carbon offsets, just with the government reaping the benefits instead. It won't actually cause anything to improve, and will actually hurt everyone in the long run.
The inside core of the GTA has always been either Liberal or NDP.
A cat should never play with a mouse too long....that Obama cat did and the Assad mouse has got away.
Conservatives felt proud when Harper told Putin to get out of Ukraine and said that the annexation of Crimea would never be recognized. Canada needed to talk tough they said. And what did that tough talk accomplish?
If only Justin Trudeau could be like Brad Wall
Fair enough.
If you don't vaccinate your children and they get sick and die from a preventable illness, you should be charged with negligent homicide.
Just heard Romeo Dallaire on CBC. Thank you sir for your leadership, service and your thoughtful perspective. Man I wish people would listen to experts before forming their opinions.
Simply vote out this Harper Canada Government in 2015!
Imagine the globe and mail and the toronto star masquerading as reputable messengers of the news.
Could not agree more....why put yet another hurdle in place... wish the Globe would stop publishing this nonsense!
Downtown Eastside Vancouver, the highway of tears, the attitudes of resource companies ... the thinking that led to the attempt at cultural genocide is still with us.
The Jewish population in Europe is the canary in the coal mine. If we'd bother to pay attention to what's happening to them it does not bode well for those who value the tenets of pluralistic liberal democracies.
there should be a big disclaimer on this article:'Writer of this article is a Sunshiner at the trough!'
Race plays a far bigger role in voting patterns that income. Romney won the white vote amongst every income group while Obama won the non-white vote by a large margin amongst every income level.
I think Martin is expressing an opinion, not providing information, but the right does have trouble distinguishing fact from opinion.
In light of your attitude towards them, the Iranians and Muslim countries would be fools NOT to develop a nuclear weapon.
she wont, no worries
No, just Diversity. It's all he thinks about: Diversity, Diversity, Diversity, the answer to everything.
'we have by now forgotten our own history as refugees'You are not 'we', Saunders. Keep your place.
Part of the problem is that pro-choice and pro-life are not opposites. I see no logical inconsistency in seeing both positions as acceptable.
yes, let's toss out rule of law ... so we can be more like ISIS.
Scam university - No Problem Cheating 3,500 contractors - No Problem Being illiterate - No Problem Pandering to the KKK - - No Problem Groping women - No Problem Boasting about groping women - No Problem
So if she becomes Canadian and gets a Canadian passport, can she wear the niqab on her passport photo?
Yes I have. It makes me appreciate Canada more. We do have room to improve. But here are so many positives.
Manning in brief: let's find somebody who is everything Harper wasn't.
Israel has shown restraint. It it unleashed its military force you and I would be dancing to a different tune.
and how about contributing to the country they hold a passport in? the passport means nothing, the issue is who is contributing.
True, no matter the sexual orientation, people are people and must be treated equally. However, isn't there a difference between marriages of persons of the same sex(cannot procreate), vs persons of different sex(can procreate)?
Let the little people pay taxes, Donald is far too busy for society's burdens.
Facts are like poetry... most people don't get it or like it.
Define competent. If they were running to support Harper they have a major character flaw.
Forgot, Muslim hippy leftist gay activists...
Why would you support any reform which gives more seats to the Green party? Have you seen their (crazy) platform ideas?
Mulcair wants a national DAY CARE policyit should be national NURSING CARE policydo NOT vote for Mulcair
You want it, then you pay for it.
So it's okay with you and your Liberal cohorts to just let the slaughter of so many SHia women and children continue......don't help in any way? Ahhhhhh those LIEberals.
it's just a protest... people protest all the time but perhaps if you don't hide guns and IED's under tents you might be treated better .........
You appear to be totally oblivious to the fact that "trafficking" in fetal parts for the purposes of medical research is totally legal.
Thousands of people are killed every day by Swiss Army Knives.. I mean NO ONE, not thousands
So you admit that Trump is right, you just don't like his solution.
She is a sleeper communist.
I don't even find him good-looking - what I like are his ideas. But you make a very good point about what Wente as a woman is wrongly allowed to get away with - somebody is jealous...
Then Canada can assist the US with the executions from the sky in North Africa, the US has been quite busy there with that.
Yes, the censorship here is hard to predict.
I have a bridge for sale in Brooklyn and interest ?
Very good points.
well maybe the police resources could be devoted to serving and protecting rather than acting in restraint of trade. Free market, right?
And what part of what I wrote is that supposed to rebut?
Will her mother and sister have to go too assuming they applied in the same way? If the mother alone really knew, then she will have to leave Canada alone.
You would bend over and capitulate to the despots of the world.
Oh well... you just didn't seem to get it...I know what "is" Alceste, I was trying to get you to simply support what you've stated you believe in with something other than, " I believe what the system has decided will be"
if true, then clearly they are prospering. Why all the whinging then.
Layla: Christians don't blow themselves up; they blow other people up. Not better.
Those were peanuts in the grand scheme of things...
Margaret, you are absolutely correct.
So when parliament passes legislation that breaks the law, you're OK with that? Never mind the fact that in our "democracy" one party can govern as a majority with less than 40% of the popular vote.
they know JesusLOL
My bet is that the Tories will still get lots of votes from the military.
Now that was funny.
A must-read about the presumptuous president in today's G&M: 'The Scottish Play' by Mark MacKinnon. Americans should read it and weep.
I hadn't heard that Stephen Harper had passed the torch off to anyone. I must have missed it.
Joey, he inherited a surplus and then manufactured consent for a war that was completely unnecessary, a war that basically bankrupted the American treasury.
If a CON thinks Trudeau is a messiah....... doesn't that make the CONs the Romans?
LMFAO. Yes, right.
So he deserved to by executed without trial?
Fire Fantino, and also the guy who hired him.
Put differently, history is written by the conquerors, and it doesn't much matter whether the conquerors are modern Europeans or medieval Muslims. What conquerors do is mask the character of their power over those they subordinate.
Both Canadian ISIS extremists John Mcguire and Damian Clairmont came from families broken by divorce. Neither had a dad around to get in their face and tell them they were making a mistake.
Canada1, ask yourself the question: When Canadian voters look at this, do they really care what a former PM (who they voted out) did in the past, or do they care more about what the current PM is doing, the one who promised real change?
It was the exact same xenophobia when Asians were immigrating to BC a century ago.
Remember folks , flags at half mast March 4th, another G.M. regular bites the dust. That means more space for real creative commentary, AuRevoir, mon ami. Won't miss you
yea, good luck with that
Has anyone ever pointed out that if you say, 'end of story,' at the end of your diatribe, it doesn't lend any credence to your argument?
Let us shoot the messenger, hoping that people forget that message is true.
Not sure the social conservatives will support his lifestyle.
It was Americans in Alberta, not the governmentof Canada.
Agree - the worst impacts of Trump won't be felt for years - possibly many years
OC is correct. Bankruptcy is just a matter of fact for Greece. It's nothing more than unsigned documents.
Do you have something constructive to contribute to the budget consultations? We all benefit when Cdns participate and have the opportunity to contribute.
This is still the Old West and we're basically still cowboys?
The sanctity of horse is ingrained, because they are animals that perform a service to humans, and are also pets. Can't compare them to cows and cattle.
You have the right to say it, however you know NOT of what you speak.
TDMthe same kind of polls came out about 'wafergate' and others of similar importance. didnt' silence these boards. Live with it.
Oh, Sunny Days and hopeless Wynne; with the two of you who needs disappointing leaders. You have got that distinction hands down.
I know families where a combined $120,000 a year turned into two families of 60,000 each with divorce. And now they have two mortgage payments / rent and a whole bunch of other overlap. Divorce is the biggest destroyer of family wealth!
Teleology, thanks for the informed postings. Do you think any laws have been broken?
Ahhhh, Jack. Dredging up the old Neil Reynolds argument that all we have to do to combat global warming is turn up the air conditioning!! Brilliant!!
It used to be our economy. Now it's anybody's.
Your argument reminds me of a drug dealer who says he needs the money and does not do that much damage so worry about the other guy. It will take all of us to solve the problem within a limited time frame or the human race will cease to exist.
USA had the same program as NEP... and that was the Republicans...
I wonder what David Orchard would say?
Haven't heard from c-ssa--dr- for a while. Is he/she posting under a new name?
Margaret, hadn't realized you received a medical degree but congratulations
Linda, Do the math that you provided in your post. 6% + 6% + 4% + 3% = 19%So according to you, only 19% of Canadians approved of the ads. Thus, it is quite telling that only half of the Tory base approves of these ads. Try again?
Congats to Hillary for being the first presidential nominee under a criminal investigation.
I'd actually like to know what ridings they're all going into.
Trump got the nomination; Kellie Leitch's campaign is doomed in large part for her championing of the snitch line.
I agree all politicians as all people lie. But, some take it to new heights. Stephen Harper is the king of liars
Middle of nowhere? Is being close to Malaysia, China, and the Philippines considered the middle of nowhere? There are close to two billion people within a sailing distance to New Zealand.
Patrick D'Aloisio aww! Are they making fun of your Imaginary Friend?
true waivewench . You don't learn anything in those courses. You learn it all student teaching. That's why seniority counts for so much. Experience really important in teaching.
Your accusations are more like bold faced lies , you did not substantiate one of them. So what does that make you , perhaps you should look in the mirror.
i find your post hard to follow
What's offensive is your elitist attitude to something as subjective as art.
That not what the NY times said when they proclaimed Canada had one of the most successful middle classes. Look at the evidence. Biggest cuts to infrastructure spending happened under the previous Liberal government.
So very true.
With all due respect Arlene even Donald is laughing at O'Drearys hair piece.
Having a Hillary moment? you are repeating yourself
Hey, it's an old song. Catchy too.
We don't care about your vote frankly and Wente is reaching beyond where you struggle to place an X to tell it like it is. No doubt you find the provincial (Ontario) version of idiotic governance right up your alley.
Did you read the article? Quebec has been given a gift through increased equalization. They deserve no more!
Many of those convicted of selling marijuana(multiple convictions) have also been convicted of stealing hydro.
So you haven't watched Canadian Bacon then where Rhea Perlman's character is obsessed with the phallicness of the CN Tower and even builds a model of it?
I strongly endorse what you say Canada1.
They should have just put the old roof on the stadium floor and let people jump on it for $5. That might recover 10% of the cost.
SS, those are good values to follow. Express them more often.
...Or people who believe that citizens have responsibilities as well as privileges.
Watching the 'success' of countries with PR I feel we are advantaged by our current system
And it's whatcha don't know you don't know that is REALLY important, here... Best we'll do is get to read an expose book or see the movie, five to ten years out...
It might be the opposite. Harper's policy makes Canada in the center of attention. I think most Canadians prefer that Canada will be less involved in international conflicts.
Simple example: the Conservatives circulated a document to their members on how to derail the work of Parliamentary committees. Does that not strike you as an attempt tpo circumvent the democratic work of our elected officials?
real clear politics......lol....polls averaged out over so long they are meaningless
Nothing gets the Harper-haters more worked up than the suggestion that the Conservatives will win another election.
No more immigration. Canada is full. Thank you.
Sailboats too slow for this crowd?
This reminds me of an out control beat up mustang being driven by a teenager sideswiping both the left and right guard rails on the Express lane of the 401 in Toronto. True story.
That's your takeaway????No one is saying not to criticize her. Just don't advocate violence against women. That's the difference. And while you're at it, don't advocate violence against any male politicians either
My dad was a soldier during WWII in Europe and later deputy-leader of the NDP. He left the party because he was sick of their anti-Americanism.
The author is not talking about improving Canada for Canadians, that's quite obvious.
And believe me working in construction shovelling or smoothing concrete is a lot harder than typing nasty things into a keyboard.
We can't legislate lost souls, but we can do SOMETHING about them to lessen the likelihood of them doing harm. Here's what I wrote on that subject: http://www.donnathomson.com/2014/10/searching-for-reasons-aftermath-of.html
All very astute points I agree with.
Where would you deport the born in Canada christian extremists to?Where would you deport the born in Canada Muslim extremists to?Where would you deport the born in Canada, Conservative, Liberal and NDP extremist to?
Must be the best toupee of all time as it sure looks natural. Is the subtext that someone wearing a toupee (as opposed to say a Liberal comb-over along the lines of Martin, Chretien and Trudeau senior) is inherently dishonest?
you are so right on. good points but a suffocating cloud of smugness,
And even when I write and sign a letter, I'll scan and email it.
Sooo.. any chance the Climate 'Science' deserves a good, skeptical review -- just in case..
The 'liberal lefties' have it right. Climate-change deniers keep repeating long disproven right-wing talking points
The reason it isn't seen in Canada is due to widespread homophobia, and a cultural inacceptance of affection between males.
The Globe buries every article that is critical of the Liberals. It moves from the front page to hidden corners before noon.
Sending Alberta oil to eastern Canada is the best thing we could do, but something will have to be done about the idiots here: www.cbc.ca/hamilton/news/story/2013/06/19/hamilton-enbridge-line-9-protest.html
Yes, it was "working" to lower the level of carbon released into the atmosphere. You have to listen to Australians scientists interviewed by the CBC to learn that however..
And still to come is whatever electoral trickery Harper has slipped past the opposition and the media in omnibus bills. Expect robocalls on acid, all totally legal.
'Harper will win Quebec's vote this time ' ... I stopped reading closely after that
Around the Globe .-)
Headline writer, headline writer. Quebeckers aren't bored with secession - they haven't experienced it - but with the IDEA of secession.
Punishing someone for fighting by hitting them has to be among the most foolish parental responses that I can think of.
With no other choice, would prefer a greedy dictator rather than an "elite - society builder"
For ten grand you should have had a photo of the pipe in his mouth.
EJane, I appreciate your concern for people who report sexual assault, but what to do? What are the concrete details of that second principle?
I love it when my friends tell me how green they are as their 5 kids pile into the mini van.
So what's wrong with that. Just think, if we didn't need to fund their social programs anymore, how much better off the rest of us would be. Money to Quebec is nothing short of the proverbial black hole ... let them go!
Hey Einstein, Dion is still a MP.
belalin....are you aware that ALL land had been ceded to Canada in the treaties (with the exception of BC and a few small areas)? In other words, IT ISN'T THEIR LAND!
If you can debunk anything in this editorial go for it.
Nice pithy 5th grade reply; I know you are, what am I.
stevie harper is a first con man and creep, second rate piano player and a third rate Prime Minister. I can even play piano and keyboards way better than steve. he stinks. Can he play Tony Bank's Cinema Show like a real keyboard player? I can!
Only thing is, if you live outside of Canada and vote in a Canadian election you potentially expose yourself to Canadian taxes. I'm sure the next court case will be some Canadian expat who decided to vote and is now being chased by the CRA.
I think if this issue was framed as: What problem will we have solved (with banning the niqab)? I believe the answer will be clear.
Thanks for sharing parts of your story to help others understand.
Pay your taxes.
No mean trick, IdeologyIsForLosers2.
OldBanister I suspect you know more about this issue than Baird and the Harper Cons can begin to fathom. Thanks for your posts.
Mulroney the strong federalist sure has a lot of influential separatist friends.
Perhaps you should read http://www.insidephilanthropy.com/glitzy-giving/bono.html and see what Bono does with his money.
There's nothing humble about Bettman.
Chile has a population that is mainly of European origin. Unlike Venezuela. Where the gap between the rich (European stock) and poor (indigenous stock) is very wide.
It's about time we repaired that misnomer isn't it?
Baird is an embarrassment to all Canadians.
socialist Norway, historically social democratic Netherlands, Denmark, northern Europe is just terrible to live in ...
The undemocratic strangle hold of the thugs in Brussels is worse than the stranglehold of the communist party on China.
'Hate mongers' gonna hate. Nothing to see here.
Might be a message in it huh? Imagine that.
stop using my other name...
Common sense? Wow.
Saunders is a massive hypocrite.
I don't know. He does a pretty good imitation of Berlusconi. Maybe he could govern Italy.
There is no, nor has there ever been a country called Palestine. The so called Palestinians are entitled to nothing. They should go back to the Arabs countries they come from.
I think Lawrence Martin's barber must be a Conservative. That would explain so much of Larry's hate.
Brilliant. I wish we could unleash the 'thumb monkeys' to give you 100, and push your post to the top...
Thank you G&M for this outstanding editorial. Europe (and Canada) cannot bury its head in the sand over this enormous humanitarian crisis.
Delusions, hallucinations, fairy tales, religion. Not one ounce of evidence for any of it. Why is belief in Thor, Ramses and Zeus scoffed at?Religion is the last bastion of the ignorant.
Canada limbs with lame duck prime minister!
I have found obvious Harper trolls using my name in other blog sites pretending to post as me. I find it quite flattering to be honest.
How mortgage fraud is thriving in Canada's hot housing market ==============================Then do something about!
Because the editorial board has read Animal Farm?
Did you finish school? May had the 'wright' approach. Tell you what. In the future have your mommy check your work before you hit the post button. That way you do not make an idiot out of yourself.
Balance. Get it. It is easy to invoke Ontario. The shortcomings of Auntie Wynne and her friends are so obvious
Nor did what happened to Salman Rushdie, Pim Fortuyn, Molly Norris, the staff of Charlie Hebdo, and a whole lot of other people.
I love that people who have never studied journalism claim to know everything thats wrong and how to fix it
If you want get smart people get rid of the government. The socialist state has dumbed society down so they are easier to control.
You post this same tripe multiple times in every story the Globe posts about marijuana. See: http://blog.sfgate.com/smellthetruth/2015/06/09/worth-repeating-marijuana-decreases-risk-of-lung-cancer/ and http://www.icsdp.org/cannabis_claims_reports
You belong in a Communist nation--not in a Democracy.
funny how she missed that salient point, eh?
Not getting everything you want? Forced to negotiate, are you? Perhaps you should ball up your fists and stamp your feet.
DJ You may have just uncovered another conspiracy ! Or -----?
High carbon tax and markets will employ the scientists to find reasonable solutions.
Righton. Wrong. Canada would have paid his salary.
Exactly what I observed when visiting my mother in the nursing home.
Better the fools are exposed.
The European Surge into America Indigenous leaders have no idea how to cope with the latest surge.
To create jobs for otherwise unemployable conservationists.
What about the allegation by one of Trump's former wives?
Is that you, Mr. Ibbitson? You do seem to carry the torch for every failed experiment in so-called 'conservatism'.
Yes, they know they cant Scientifically justify taxing us so destructively so they just say, 'SHUT UP SLAVES, its in our contract YOU MUST OBEY US'.
Classic Fox News talking point. If someone intends to dress as a woman to enter a woman's bathroom and assault a female therein, they will do that regardless of whatever bathroom laws there are. This is about transgenderism, and not cross dressers.
No one has that coming; perhaps you meant something else, that this should not have come as a total surprise, very sad to be so trusting?
Dear Ms. Wente, thank you for shining a light on the teachers' unions, and public sector unions in general. I wholeheartedly agree with everything you had to say.
fair point.... but still his presidency was not good to Canada... maybe to Justin and Sophie
The Royal connection gets more demeaning every year. We must have a Head of State born in and living in Canada.
Free Trade has been good for Canada so far, hasn't it? Thanks Brian! Nowadays, our Tories have to be very careful with the crooked and desperate Europeans. Very careful.
I vote for the cute one! Although I would not vote for NDP if Pamela Anderson was the leader... it would make watching party announcements more enjoyable though. BC politics is too weird to be taken seriously.
Truthey, your "evidence" is barely more than guesses. Trump isn't winning by any empirical measure.
You hit the nail on the head.
You don't. Why do you believe that Harper's addition of 170 Billion dollars to the national debt is a good thing?
I'm glad wente recognizes what the trump really is, and although the alterantive is no godsend, there really isn't a choice to made here.
The author understands all these things far better than you do.Your reading skills are badly in need of improvement.
It is so great that at least one Canadian, Ron from Halifax, thinks Mike Duffy is Canada's leading example of democracy. Have another rum, Ron. It helps to keep reality at bay.
yes tear is appropriate here ,that is how sad it is.
To top it off, if you try and give your child some independence, your neighbours call CAS...
A new government in Ottawa is staffing up with strong environmentalists opposed to fossil fuels.===================================Which is all you need to know about tru-doh actully supporting any pipelines.
There is a big difference between red neck and racist
So why did your hero Thatcher not leave the EU instead of constantly getting the UK a better deal?
The Globe again is preaching this angle, for someone with dual citizenship. Where is the Globes outcry for Neil Banterman? Who has only Canadian citizenship?
Cowards can dish it out, but they can't take it. Conservatives have publicly hated everyone else for ten or fifteen years already. Now it's coming back to them. What do they do? They whine.
Andre: You are committing Sociology. These people are evil terrorists, who have to be pre-emptively stopped for their ThoughtCrimes, like the protesters at the G20 meeting who were detailed BEFORE the event.
They also were the only ones with the bomb.
Cold reality of math?
That doesn't solve Trump's problems however. (BTW, is there a sale on deflectors somewhere. This site's bristling with them)
Again, the turnout is not reflective of how well informed they were or not.
that would be wishful thinking ... this stinking group will hang on and hang on and hang on
It would be much harder to mock Brad. He's smart enough to think on his feet, & pragmatic.
I wish I could read what Anonymous said. Globe and Mail and their over bearing censors!
Both Alberta ( effective demand and a history of a privatized alcohol distribution system ) and British Columbia ( supply) should follow suit ASAP. We need the tax money to support health care.
cripp... the CPC represents, at best, the choice of 35% of Canadians, with the NDP and Liberals representing around 60%. Besides, don't you think government policy is more effective if all parties can get a first-hand view of the situation?
Terry You have a short memory. It was Chretien and the Liberals that came within a few thousand votes of Quebec separating and it has taken two decades to repair the damage, mainly under Harper.
I fly into Vancouver 6-10 times per year on business, the Fraser River Valley from Langley in is an environmental embarrassment.
Hair doesn't impress me. It's more important that a Prime Minister has a brain between his ears.
The ignorant choose to ignore.
A continuously recycled idea that has no foundation in economic and technical reality !
The men's centre was set up by CAFE. The Canadian Association for Equality.
'Chemophobes'? For the love of God, stop with the politically correct shaming.
Who do you think funds rural communities?
Most teachers tend not to support bearing arms in schools, you should use policemen instead.
Consumption taxes regressive? Now I know you're just talking shjt mate. There is no serious economist who would ever take that position.
No, there is not. Just because you say there is over and over does not make it true.
I wonder what Sheep's post has to do with Scrimbro's.
So you're talking about Greenland and Antarctica, as well as "the study area". What about the rest of the world? Or doesn't it fit your hypothesis?
What positive or practical steps is Clinton proposing to improve the socio-economic conditions for the majority of African Americans? Also, can anyone enlighten us on what she has planned, if anything, to address police brutality?
You're puritanical as fuck, enjoy rotting in hell
Quebec looks good when you figure in all the transfers they get from the 'have' provinces.
This is just a start. They can control public employees.
Exactly. WHO precisely approves of their expenses?
Why so negative Rmiller? Have a bad day?
What the h2ll does including the tax in the sales price have to do with the penny's elimination? Where are you nuts getting this? From a Charles Adler radio broadcast? Or the tinfoil hats?
PEW REPORT on generations, xyz, classifies those over 65, as the Silent Generation.
That you're paying for propaganda, not journalism.
Why is it that any popular Conservative policy is considered a 'wedge issue'? They are pursuing the policy because an overwhelming majority of Canadians favour it.
If straight people think so highly of marriage maybe they should stop getting divorced all the time. I think they are just afraid we'll be better at marriage then they are. ( like everything else we do)
Antonia Maioni is president of the Federation for the Humanities and Social Sciences. Finally, someone not attached to Steve's rag-tag army of propagandists and bag-men.
Too long to plough through. Sorry.
Perhaps it should have read - intelligent people all over the world - would that have been better?
really ?306 electoral college votes for trump232 electoral college votes for HRC
Well, not much rational in that response.
Leap Manifesto equates to leap of lemmings. Say goodbye NDP, it was nice to know you.
Me too ...
'don't pick and choose the data that suits your preference'Yeah, that's the WHO's job!
As you point out, nobody cares what Canada says anyway. The Government might as well play to its base, or at least the base it would like to have. There's always an election coming.
How about a movement that really means something... we could cal it Fat No More.
Name one bit the socialist drivel, brissy.
C-45 must be rescinded. FN will not be legislated out of existence.
What an absurd statement. Republicans are obsessed with Obama because he's a Democrat not because he's black. Race baiting is simply the progressive's national passtime.
thelorax - your link doesn't make sense. It's about domestic violence - totally different topic.
Elizabeth Windsor and her husband Philip Mountbatten read this article this morning and chuckled royally!
You are right, of course, that not all greenhouse gases contain carbon, so these are not the same thing; however, in the case of methane - which is CH4 - carbon is involved.
'Hard Decisions' like promising balanced budgets but not delivering them?
Same question to you. If I'm wrong, how many 600 foot tall industrial wind turbines do you see all along the shoreline from Hamilton to Oshawa? Hmmmm? I know more about this subject than you, I can guarantee it. Wanna try me?
What was mechanism actually used by the Tories to elevate their new Senate Leader?
Every other word out of Trump's mouth is a lie, until he changes his story.
I think it is time for the men behind the conservative curtain to pay a visit to Mr. Harper and effect a resignation before the entire party is destroyed.
Latest reports from responsible economists state that even if the U.S. economy goes up, WE ARE GOING DOWN.
As a Canadian, Tom Z, I am sure you are willing to fight to the last American.
G&M, congratulations on this picture. And the message. And for showing the world as it really is.
The re-emergence of the far-right is always dangerous.
Phantom - accounting sick day money charges are not far from the wasted days/wasted nights select-few overtime charges by this government for G meetings of a few days for the international suits.
Thanks for answering. Yeah, that really was offensive and just bad legislation. Let's hope Kobach's influence is minimal.
Linda Frum is fast becoming Canada's version of Sarah Palin.
If appropriate dress is applied as an expectation equally among girls and boys, then it is perfectly reasonable. The problem in these latest cases seems to be a poor job by administrators in applying dress codes, not the codes themselves.
You have a point if no one is being raped, murdered, sold as slaves, tortured ... Otherwise, the pointed is on your tiny little head. Moral decrepit.
And you're giving a demonstration of that, no?
And opposed to liberals who are remembered for their corruption?
$65,000 a year in the 1970's was BIG money!
Can you actually quote the so-called joke? After expressing deep concern over the situation in Ukraine, Trudeau took a dig at Putin's ego. Today it seems prescient as Putin is indeed about to invade. And what will Harper do then?
How do the elderly, who can't venture from their apartments, get to MEC?
Don't buy a home from a mass market builder. Why use the wal-mart approach on (likely) your largest asset? Buy it early enough to spec it. A house isn't a commodity like a bag of carrots.
He doesn't want to please 'everybody,' he wants to please his constituencies.
He's right. What do you have to add to the conversation?
Don't be so insulting to James Brown.
you got that right
or simply, elect better people...
How do you know what you claim to know? An assertion is not a statement of fact.
Well said. Another massive failure by the pathetic editorial board at the G&M. Blinkers on like good Conbots.
'Why does everybody have a Popecrush?' -- I don't have a popecrush. He's just another leftwing idiot who thinks government will solve all our problems. That certainly hasn't been the case in Argentina, nor anywhere else.
A double whammy! First you insult my favorite restaurant and then my neighborhood !
Tell me, he's not delivering triplets ?
and under-thought.....
All you need is a plastic bag. No need for doctors at all.
Europeans, hypocrites that they are never mention the damage their fishing fleets have done to fish stocks around the world or to ocean ecology in general.
No.. she said we would feel sorry for him and I could care less. But let me spell it out for you... the only reason this is soo public is becuase its happening to media types. If it was happening in drive by's, no one would care.
Gavin. Wrong. Provincial governments appoint provincial judges.
I thought he meant "stogie", as in 'short and stubby', like a cigar.
'They killed CANDU, a true Canadian success story.'Didn't the Conservatives sell off Atomic Energy Canada to the Chinese? I know they are trying to build at least two CANDU reactors at the moment.
You go firstWynne, Glen Murray, Naomi Klein, Suzuki, Al Gore ...and other High Priests of the environmentHeat your house with electricity and stop using natural gasShow us how
Good grief. Lots of paranoia but no yet evidence of real impact. Hmm
@ Misek neither a fetus nor an embryo are a baby according to the Supreme Court of Canada.
P1111. Only conservative Canadians ape Americans. The rest of us are just living our lives.
Wente at her best. wills37
You guys just can't help lying I guess. In fact, Trump's plan is to tax outbound remittances, which is pretty brilliant actually.
One can only conclude that his supporters are as unethical as he is. Sad.
rain03kx: The point is that, in general, Quebec language legislation is reasonable and supported by most Francophone Quebecers - not just by PQ and its members.
I agree with you. Why strive for the unattainable? We know our place and act accordingly. This is not dishonorable .
"serious climate disruption "......seriously ,the new buzz phase?......lol Pretty much will cover any and all weather events...........lol
They're talking about it....
Destroy the IS butchers is the only clear goal , in my opinion. The rest of the politics over there is just insane !
It is much too early to write off the NDP just yet. A leader's popularity can ebb and flow over time and whatever may be happening at this moment in time does not determine an inevitable outcome 3 weeks from now.
you can spend the money now or you can spend it later ........................ and have the Harper government give you the money
Great post... very true... I have maintained my cell phone co. b/c I get to deal with a real dude in Toronto... not someone whom I can't understand in a third world call centre.. they really don't understand me at all... so annoying...
My parents were immigrants. They came here to stay and to become Canadian. And they did.
If you have to force a province to stay in Canada, what kind of country is this? If a province wants to separate, I say go.
'But when she takes office in January, Ms. Clinton will have gotten there by greedily milking the very system she has denounced. ?..... Oh Konrad ... how presumptive of you .... she may see the big house long before the white house .....
'Cry me a river'That's the third time I've read this in relation to this article!
Don't single out Canada. It takes just as long in Europe.
Spiderwoman - they published editorials critical of Harper before the last election but still ended up endorsing him, so no, we will not 'get over it'. Bunch of hypocrites/cowering sycophants to their publisher.
Patton has got some nerve. He never received a single vote from Hong Kong citizens all the time he was running the colony. I don't remember Britain ever offering to give citizens a vote over any of the other appointed overseers either.
Don't whine about the outcome.
So now Tory is off the 'menu' according to most on this discussion. Who's left Olivia? Sorry for the big pause but I couldn't stop laughing.
Probably the first to squawk at the whopping 1% corporate tax increase.
Only if you would want to fan your negative opinion, you would read this book. Best way is to read Quran itself. Translations by Yousuf Ali and Mrmaduke Pickthall are well respected.
The only echo chamber is the lamestream media that's constantly shoving globalist cockroaches like Trudeau and Clinton down our throats. That's why the lamesteam media is failing, nobody's buying their elitist lies anymore.
I bet he's got more dough and chicks than you.
It's somewhat ironic to read this defence of free speech, considering how tightly the Globe moderates comments on this writer's columns.
Read the SC decision....it is based solely on our rights and freedoms as enshrined in law in this Country. You may not like it, but then that would mean that you think the rights and freedoms granted to us are flawed.
Sergent-at-Arms Kevin Vickers is Canadian. The passers-by who came to the aid of Cpl. Nathan Cirillo are Canadians. Today, I am prouder than ever to say I am a Canadian too.
Let's keep the cash for access in the news until the next election.
Strikes me as reasonable. My guess is that they do it but would be intersting to find out.
What has Ford Nation got to be mad as hell about? That the gas for their SUV's is too expensive? That the Tim Horton's drive through line is too long? Give me a break.
Trudeau is playing it safe here. Trump is a very vindictive leader so best to just stay out of his firing range. Let him go after others. Essentially the goal is to just come out unscathed under the Trump administration, not accomplish anything.
And well said to you.
Rod I stand by my original comment. Do your research. Ontario has been a recipient of equalization for a while now.
650 million on advertising per year goes a long way towards training the media.
The next step along this line of thinking is to apply genetics to explain differences between men and women.
Perhaps the option of buying Russian planes should be on the table.
What happened to little Stevie Harper to make him into such a twisted man? Probably looking up to older schoolyard bullies like you...
>>'Your wife is ignoring us?'To the PMO? Hilarious...
Why is it always the 'Craig Howard's that want to do away with the rest of our anonymity? You take for granted an anonymity your common name gives you that no Michele KXXXXXXXXX ever had.
The part I heard had Prentice trying to drown her out as she "pumped the NDP line" - whatever that means. Something about a communitarian state ? Better health care ?
They also believe in Santa Claus and the Easter Bunny.
HATE is not a strong enough word but I hate Stephen HarperHe is RUINING our country
Don't worry. Once Trudeau is in power we'll start getting a huge influx of tens of thousands of migrants as he smiles and poses for the cameras
CON DISTRACT FAIL
You are right Lysianne, he is most definitely not PM....yet
Brexit is the victory of real democracy over the controlled mainstream media and .1%, for the first time in decades!
Read the material? LOL. That's dinosaur talk. This generation doesn't read anything anymore. A surprising number of incoming university students have never even read a whole book.
Punits have been telling us of the fall of Trump since day one. And you have all been wrong.
Very well put.
On 1): Beauraucrat: "It;s not my fault. It's the computer." Hardware Guy: "It's not hardware, it's the software." Software Guy: "It's not software, it's the hardware" columnist: "It's not me. It's the headline writer" On 2) I have no opinion.
the G20 fiasco was not Bill Blair's doing. It was run by the RCMP and used police resources across the nation - some being shipped from the West. Get your facts straight.
Can't have one without the other so that rules out the Tories.
Ouch! Yet true......
I'm a trisexual more-or-less male, and I would not object to your statement.
White Mans Mantra: Show me the MONEY !!!! I am serious here, where did it go.
Your type create the Trumps and their violence.
50 Million North American's are on state welfare. The all have IPODs. Why are all the IPODs made in Asia? Wouldn't it make sense to get some of those people on welfare to make IPODs.
Nonsense indeed. After all, Trudeau gets a 'native' tattoo and Wynne visits Muslim prayer rooms with a scarf on the head and they get praised for it.
That's the best you could do?
"Not until when I can apply for a job with my real name without being discriminated against." If you feel you have been discriminated against, you can file a complaint with the Social Justice Tribunals Ontario.
because they have freedom of expression
sounds like you have trust issues
And the railways, etc. etc. etc., eh TCA? Just don't expect an intelligible response.
Good idea, no plan, no money.
Is Germany screening refugees like Canada is? I don't think so.
l assume you didn't check your spell check when you posted the comment. pederast doesn't quite fit with the cheerleading you are dong for jail guards or perhaps a Freudian slip of monumental proportions.
Well stated Terry. Another example of the National Capital Commission's 'work'. No taxpayer money should be involved, including government land.
A concise summary of every nonsensical junkscience talking point in one handy location! Oldtaxpayer needs to school himself with some basic science and stop his ad nauseum repetition of material distributed by the Heartland Institute.
I think you're confused: ridiculous conspiracy theories fall under *federal* jurisdiction.
once a Dick always a Dick!
Once again, Erika from Amerika shows a neurotic need to come to this site and tell us Canadians (well, I'm dual U.S.-Canadian citizenship) how we should think and how dumb we are.
I didn't say there weren't, but usually the MSM doesn't approve of anyone saying what this one is saying when it isn't a Muslim saying it, and they don't publish many of those either, so the more speak out like this, the better.
Let those NATO countries which destabilized Libya absorb the refugees.
misguided information sir
Researched?? LOL... I live in Victoria.
iresqu ://news.nationalpost.com/2013/05/02/supreme-court-to-hear-case-of-couple-who-sued-air-canada-for-not-being-able-to-order-7up-in-french/Please try to focus, will you?
There is no civil war in Ukraine. There is an invasion of Ukraine by the armed forces of the Russian Federation.
Obviously to stupid from Halifax is unaware that wind mills kill more ducks and birds per year than any tailings pond. Though he doesn't care about that. Just oil is bad and evil. Wind mills can decimate a species of birds or bats and it's all good.
How would we know? There is little recorded history by pagans and animists. Maybe they also had it tough.
Yep, those child labourers must be hard to get rid of....and they grow up so fast too.
Not to mention the likes of Justin Bieber.
James Travers was a great journalist and anything he wrote was absolutely unbias and fair. He knew who this gang was and he tried to tell everyone.
Why publish an article by somebody who has already demonstrated bias against Israel? It diminishes the value of his article. Perhaps the article was offered to the Globe and Mail without need for monetary compensation.
Trudeau got in an unblocked jab to fatty.
Better get the UN to denounce the Thule (Inuit ancestors) 'displacement' of the Dorset people circa 1500 AD as a genocide as well. This time with a source for my post. ht tp://w w w.cbc.ca/documentaries/natureofthings/2009/inuitodyssey/history.html
Unless there is an honest and prolonged public outcry against such moves, an outcry that not even Harper could ignore.
Or the incompetents that are running the liberal party now.
you could have just called them slimethe odious is redundantat any rate errand boys sent by grocery clerks
In other words, dont believe our lying eyes? BTW, semantics much?
that's funny
Sooo true!
Given less per-capital funding than every other European industrial state. Unfortunately, Steve's crowd still dominate the CBC Board of Directors and the chief administrator's chair, but they'll disappear, like the plague.
It is interesting to note that Womens Netball is quite regularly seen at primetime, live on New Zealand television. Further, both men and women are supportive of rugby teams of both genders.
Indeed. TUT TUT!!!!11!!
Hey Darryl, He also knew the SC was ruling on Nadon and wanted to shift the Canadian awareness off the story... Peter F-35 went with him... why?
Peggy's columns are usually right on,haven't got anything good to say abouta fanatic who wouldn't treat the dyingunless they became catholic.
don't be a twit. what is neutral? IKEA?
'oh wait it used to be CFB Calgary untill the Chretien Liberals closed it '...way to kep it non-partisan ...& the unions & the NDP are supposed to do what now?
Hmmm. Was the sarcasm unclear, or is it just not funny?
To quote the conservatives here, about 125, 000,000 votes were cast out of over 300, 000,000 citizens. Trump received 59,000,000 votes, therefore, he received 20% of the total vote. Not much of a mandate...
Again Jack, embarrassing commentary. You bring nothing to the conversation of value. Please either up your game or stay home.
agree 100% welland - sometimes just check in to see if anything has changed with Wente - not - same old same old.
Choice is absolute? You learn something new every day.
Exactly. Many seem to ignore our large land mass and forget regional divisions are much stronger here than other countries.
Most of these are fake, the journalists ones are true and i agree with you about them.

Remember there is also a lot of journalists who got in and out, look them up.
Bailing banks out? Where did that come from? I'm pretty sure the discussion is about Canada and no Canadian bank has been bailed out by government for a very long time if ever.
Maybe you should elaborate rather than throw insults.
Islamaphobia trumps sexism.
Stop labelling and just make your point.
Lots of sipping of water going on too. It looked as if he was going to need a refill.
This editorial, coupled with the standard anti-Conservative screed from Errol Mendes, shows the Globe genuflecting to the statist gentry that pine for the days when their crowd peopled Liberal cabinets and ran the country.
Vladimir Putin Net worth - $200 Billion Silvio Berlusconi Net worth - $5.7 Billion Kim Jong Un Net worth - $5 Billion Donald J. Trump Net worth - $3.7 Billion Recep Erdogan Net worth - $2 Billion Bashar Al-Assad Net worth - $1.5 billion
Stuff Duffy.
The Premier can't force anybody to strike. The only people who can force a strike are the strikers themselves.
Tony Clements for CPC Leader. Signed, The Liberals.
You should try standup comedy.
private hospitals
Since when did the inclusion of facts play front and centre in opinion pieces these days?
Eastwooding.
We also need people who have an inkling of propriety.. In this farce, it would appear that Caesar's wife has been caught trolling the Via Appia. Would be most surprised if Mr. Harper does not seek blood.
It's reprehensible....You were expecting another answer...?
unsigned web editorials arent worth the paper theyre printed on. byline people! it works by instilling integrity. people want to 'go to a place where everybody knows your NAME' LOL
Perhaps a more nuanced explanation. http://www.cracked.com/blog/6-reasons-trumps-rise-that-no-one-talks-about/
That's why Trump is so popular. He has taken that stance you speak of. People are hungry for a voice out front that will tell the truth. All over the world, everyone is sick of being censored.
$8M for counter-terrorism, and $675M for the CBC. I don't see that as enough.
Anytime now !
Celiac disease is a very big deal - but to the tiny portion of people who actually have it, not the other 99.5% of the population.
I guess the thumb downers figure the TV footage was a Trump plant and it was really CG. Hahahahahaha
Educate yourself and learn the history of Cuba - not everything is written by Americans promoting their idealogy.
Stay on what course, empty words and inaction?
NO! Ottawa has to prove it is even necessary to build any more pipelines, with the world wide glut and spiral down of prices!
Oh look, it's Columbo himself. Not.
Good analysis, Jeff. I would one additional fact that the Russia/Crimea situation proved: the US is on a serious and scary decline and the last person in the world you want to call at 2 AM is Barak Obama !
Nice try Mr Bliss. Marx wanted to destroy the plutocracy all right but wanted to replace it with the dictatorship of the proletariat. No democrat was he.
Bang on!Simpson has nailed the SH strategy. That's why the confrontation should be seen as tactic rather than petulant snit.
For your information, vinyl is also coming back. Many of today's artists are also releasing on vinyl. Eg. Best Buy offers internet orders.
I've got lots more. Let me know when you've finished reading these ones.
No, the 9/11 stuff is still the domain of kooks, sorry.
Quick! Let's play 'Find the victim!' http://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/national/montreal-man-gets-six-years-in-human-trafficking-case-involving-girl-17/article16857706/If you said it was the 17 year old girl, you were WRONG!
Sigh. If only Saskatoon berries had the marketing genius of quinoa and acacia berries.
Whether it is right or not is another matter but it isn't uncommon for university presidents to have a final say over tenure. All the lower levels in the university make recommendations for tenure which go up the food chain.
This is robot posting
Looks like it's you that should heave yourself out of the armchair, Dieter.
Any teachers in Owetario retire at 65?
Right on...
That's called freedom of expression.
Competence isn't the main issue. Culture and courage are the big issues.
You do realize that one farm in one county in one country cannot be used to draw accurate conclusions about a near-global phenomenon, don't you?
Bravo Ms. Wente for prodding the internationalist puritans who see the cult of U.N. idolatry threatened by good old Canadian pragmatism. Canadian boots on the ground beat gab-fests and black-tie invitations and these people need to learn this.
Martin was working on the debt. Harper has been adding to it.
He's going to be 44 next week.
Cassandra - I am just saying that I wouldn't put much stake in any article printed by a publication of a Repugnican snake like Arianna Huffington. Cannot be trusted. Show me a reference from the NYT or the Guardian.
Well if that doesn't wake up the thumb monkeys nothing will.. Bravo!
defend liberal sheeple defend. Boy Blunder is being questioned. Not allowed with the New Aprroach.
Anyone can do it but it will still be doctor supervised.
How's that strategy of glib condescension working out for you so far?
That was my laugh for the day. Thanks'
And that is bad how, exactly?
did someone get paid to write this ??
Lunatic leftist craziness.
What do you have in mind Guest? What do we do? What is the end?
"Retaliated against"? For what? For supporting the Mujahadeen in their fight against the USSR's invasion of them? Nice try, "Art".
Harper is a truly great leader.
http://cbc.ca/news/canada/montreal/montreal-denis-coderre-pit-bull-ban-suspension-appeal-1.3793656 86 comments posted between 2 pm and 5 am the following morning... have an agenda much?
When we take down those ordering the $16 orange juice, we're also taking down those making the wrong-headed military decisions - it's a slow process, but we're going to win it, glass by glass.
You contradict yourself. You cannot have it both ways.
Maybe stop with the 'madness' label, why is a lumpen person who creates nothing, does nothing, thinks about nothing and just coasts through life 'normal'.
brave new words whereas government exists to provide services, ----until they run out of other people's (taxpayers) moneyand then they go into debt and deficitwhich is taxing the children of the taxpayers
NO Canadian province will go 'bankrupt' now, or any time in the future without the Feds stepping in. If you think a bankrupt Ontario is a good thing, then you're absolutely clueless. Your fear mongering is pathetic.
Get a better job if you want a liveable wage. Read an economics textbook idiot.
as a high school teacher your views on teacher SALARIES are BIASED conflict of interest
How can we have any justice when the cops are investigating the police? I doub't the trigger would have been pulled if the police did not know this to be true.
Trump has spent his life bluffing.
You can't really be an equal when you are so much smaller than the other - witness Canada and the USA. Additionally the Canadian provinces are not equal, despite the fiction that every politician likes to spout.
A better way to improve the NHL: get rid of the stupid shootout. What an idiotic way to determine a winner. What was wrong with having a tie game??? The NHL has ruined hockey.
No, you should never try to figure it out, it requires grade 10 reading comprehension and basic understanding of history and civics. Not possible for you, especially to do while playing video games and chatting on Facebag.
Another head in the sand liberal.
Fascist voter?????Is it time to go back to your room and take your meds?
Republicans probably could get deal if they would negotiate but, as the writers point out, the political landscape in the U.S. is scorched earth and the Republicans have brought it on themselves. Bet on a veto.
"Imagine how the other 99% feel." Grateful that they are getting subsidized
Eve did not quit? she was "let go" so to speak you see now the REVENGE of a woman scorned
Perhaps even very, very, very, very short... anyone reading this could drop dead within five minutes regardless of their age. Just sayin... :)
You got is backwards, it is Harper's opposition who has initiated this fiasco to show how the conservatives are against the freedoms of the immigrants....
Amusing that the 'Life' article featured on the right hand side is 'How to slow cook pork back ribs, Chilean style'
'Men's greatest weakness is their facade of strength. Women's greatest strength is their facade of weakness.'Warren Farrell
It would appear agenda rules when sex ed and politics collide. Not all of us who oppose parts of this curriculum are religious nor base our opposition to it on religious grounds
So the left shouts down opponents of the Niqab. The issue gets brushed under the carpet. Niqabs proliferate. And a little part of Canada dies.
With no employer contribution.
Diverse colours but not a speck of Liberal red. Coincidence??
We still would not have come together on this issue, Harper or Trudeau. Had Harper been elected, he would have faced exactly the same issues.
For those who read the comments regularly will know that boogeyman3 is a regular supporter of Rob Ford no matter what the next event brings. I've often wonder if his real real identity is a member of the Ford family. Is that you Doug???
Yeah, it's the left wing that's pushing this.
CCL, I have to...What Obama didn't do was dig a hole in a Mideast desert and bury $1 Trillion in American treasure and 5000 American lives and bring home 50,000 wounded.
Becky, the majority of the people who don't pay any taxes are the poor.
Well for one thing they don't deserve to be murdered for it - which is pretty relevant considering they're receiving death threats already for their comments
Everone is claiming 'this is the worst article/writing I have ever seen in the G&M'Seriously?Wait for this afternoon, TS will make an appearance, and set a new (low) standard.. Guaranteed.
'Out of his mind'
because it's election season ( good point )
Sinastra was a great singer!
'If a woman can take our oath with her face veiled, the person administering the oath can't see that she is taking it.'Oh? I didn't realize that deafness was a prerequisite for a judicial appointment.
Ha Ha Ha , good one
As Mayor Rob Ford had/has only one vote. As councillor, it is the same.
How's that working out for you?
Here are few laughs for the week. Actually, when it comes to any of Trumps appointments, tweets of comments, I am not sure if we should laugh or cry. http://www.dailykos.com/stories/2016/12/16/1610273/-Cartoon-Trump-s-newest-cabinet-picks
I almost didn't read this piece, ironically enough, because the word 'voyeurism' put me off. But I did read it, and I'm glad. It walks a bit of a tightrope, and quite successfully. Nice work.
The population of Canada are not allowed tax cuts. If the price of a barrel of oil were to stay at $40 for a long time, governments in Canada, especially provincial governments, would start raises taxes on gasoline.
Nirak - a justice system based on revenge and excessive punishment produces really, really angry released prisoners. Unless you're talking of building gulags and pursuing the U.S.S.R. approach to crime including those convicted of free speech.
So if you disagree with Jim Stanford, you're like a Nazi sympathizer. Nice.
John Ibbitosn will be so excited and happy that you used the nonsense term he coined'Laurentian elites'.
So it's your fault. (Just kidding)
How about a monument to FN inquiries ?
But didn't Mr. Trudeau speak about choosing wisdom?
I think readers responding here have correctly identified that Mr. Saunders has confused categories. Citizenship is more than having a vote, and it's not assumed. It's an expression of a polity's collective will.
As opposed to a private sector lobbyist who hadn't done anything real prior to becoming an MP?
Rochdale, you are an imbecile, Con fraud. Move along.....
don't know - the mere fact that you think this is a left/right issue shows how out of touch you are with the issue. There are pro and anti choice people on both sides of the political spectrum.
And why it support the continuation of corruption in AB.
Nonsense. You have any evidence for this claim or is it a religious belief on your part?
Josh your a bonehead. Talk about spewing drivel try getting your facts striaght before you yap off. Political stronghold for Harper , LOL!!!
And they'd still be Taliban.
Because legitimate business now need consent first. Therefore the first email sent to you is illegal. Real spammers do not need consent.
I can't quite reconcile your comments with the sacred sacrament of marriage which is celebrated within the Catholic Church. I agree with the editorial, but you also need a reality check.
Like shooting a sitting duck. Bravo, Ms. Wente.
Because Canada is economically and militarily dependent on USA. We are essentially the 51st state.
In other words clean your teeth properly and take responsibility for your own lives rather than wanting the government to forever dry you behind the ears.
I agree, there are some unfortunate similarities between many members of the two groups, poor parenting seems to be one of them.
Face itThe attack ad backfired: It was laced with falsehoods (now exposed), and has elicited overwhelmingly negative reactions. Why shoot the messenger just 'cause your leader has shot himself in the foot?
Golly gee. All 'cuz of Quebec.
Peacekeeping. Hahahahaha. One of the main pillars of sanctimonious Liberal blowhards in Canada.
So your big concern is he is fiesty? You are really grasping - makes me think you are actually very concerned.
How is radical Islam an enemy of Canada? Have you let fear of the bogeyman take over your common sense.
Yeah, and then maybe we can find out who was really behind it. All this rush to action, it's getting pretty suspicious, especially when you consider this: http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/05/05/us-syria-crisis-un-idUSBRE94409Z20130505
'I got into public life in part because I believed that politics can be done differently................and because my mommy told me I could be Prime Minister one day .................................... just like pappa!'
I prefer deeper emotionally intelligent leaders to the stringent strategists. We are as a species much more vulnerable than we admit to and we are heading for a huge crisis if we cannot feel the threat of that.
Oh no it started long before that... at least a decade before.
There is a point to this, one would hope. Or are you fact-plucking to bolster some dark view of the world that you may harbour ? To the point, how many women in Sweden were raped by white caucasians ?Otherwise you're amongst the Trump party.
You may want to invest in aluminium.
Pay attention now when the Liberals are in huh? Where was your sages advice when Harper did it SEVEN TIMES?
You wasted too much time replying to Shaath.
I hope the next kid Khadr-ized is yours - that seems to be the only time you mean and stupid Cons wake up.
Bot Orwin didn't say that.
hahahaha you got it. At least the Jays gave it a go.
Nobody in their right mind will give the so called liberals here in b.c. another chance, they have blown that a long time ago with their LIES!!! Just like the Cons, they are from the same stable!!!
I want proof that Ford is actually in rehab. I don't believe he is.
I think I would rather have had the money than a packed funeral. He no doubt he deserved both.
I don't know if you're American or Canadian, but your use of an expression that refers to specific Washington, DC geography suggests your 'the rest of us' isn't particularly relevant to Canadians.
Yes. Rollingstone. For an unbiased view of the Republican party :) I am glad I don't have a vote in this election ...
Obviously you aren't aware of the funding issues at the OTPP and all public sector pensions. Who do you think is going to fund these pensions.
You could have fooled me.
Supposedly this Tactic was used by a Significant Number of Hong Residents prior to obtain Canadian Citizenship for their Children before Communist Takeover. Is it a Coincidence the absolutely amazing number of 'Canadians' in Hong Kong?
Agreed. But, on the other hand, with PR (or democratic reform of any kind) nowhere in sight and a government of neo-con hacks in power who are slowly but surely destroying our country, there is a certain logic to Martin's thinking.
''Canada repeated this US failure''Ontario is a cesspool of failure, not able to run nuclear plants, building then demolishing NG plant, hopelessly expensive wind and solar..
NO, sorry, the mule who carried Harper's corrupt financial offer to buy Chuck Cadman's vote does NOT get to sound off on political morals.
Go to a volunteer force that are called in for bonafide fires while a core of say 4 professionals 2, 12 hour shifts to avoid the sleeping, who will respond to the medical emergencies and fire rescues. It would save millions and be as effective.
Last report I read about Ontario manufacturing with the lower $CDN was that it HAD NOT responded as expected. Do we need a .50 dollar?
Well if the Supreme Court Judges are to reflect diversity then with over 80% of Canadians unilingual (English only) it appears all future judges will come from Quebec.
Just goes to show, smoking pot all the time, makes you delusional.
'Why are young feminists so clueless about sex?'The words, 'about sex,' are redundant.
This is a rhetorical question, since Harper appears to be ruling by decree.
Some of the dumbest people I know have university degrees. Smart in one area only and like posts in most others. Smarts and intelligence have little to do with university but it does enhance
What has he said or done specifically to make you believe he is a threat?
Susan Jacoby adds nothing, just opinions, opinions, opinions.. on religion, feminism, secularism.. We all have opinions, like belly buttons, so what?
He should certainly be allowed to - We just need to know that he is extremely biased.
No joannie, they did not vote any taxes down. Taxes will come, they just declined to say which ones would be best for Toronto. Now the 905 mayors will decide for us.Good job, there!
You mean like the Liberals when they choose not to get rid of GST? Or rip up NAFTA? Or being the only party to turn hundreds of thousands of people into criminals over night? You mean that kind of dictatorship?
'once she is President' ?? Getting ahead of ourselves aren't we?
I don't use nazi comparisons lightly, but what you are suggesting is what the Nazis did to Czechoslovakia after Reinhard Heydrich was assassinated in 1942.
It was the conservative Greek government that went on a spending binge and hid from everyone the huge debt they were piling up.
Thankful for Canada's support of Ukraine and recognition of struggle Ukrainians have undergone for many years.
Alberta is crowded, the roads are rough, the lots for homes small, house prices are high, we require more schools, it is not like it used to be. You have to wonder, who the heck wants a boom?
Let's hope you're right.
Well it's got you hyperventilating for sure. And very, very excited about it??????????
Male opinion writers outnumber women by more than three to one? Well, you're an opinion writer, aren't you Maggie? Oh, I get it. Never mind.
All of this desperate apologizing for Juniors remarks is unbecoming of even the most strident of liberal sycophants. He made a mistake in timing, yes it can happen. Gasp! A liberal made a mistake. So shocking.
No, "Eddie" has taken temporary asylum in a country that would accept him; that doesn't imply that he has any kind of allegiance to Putin's Russia.
You are an obvious twit. Try learning about the industry before spouting off.
Dead on analysis of a very shrewd, very calculating move by the Trudeau camp.
You hit the nail on the head there Bruce. Some people multi task better than others. Just watch Canadas worst drivers. It's scary to realize these people are actually out on the same roads as you!
What if you're NOT better than others around you, but continue to delude yourself that you are ?
Feel free to leave Ukraine and live in Russia. And you can take your chattels with you. When in Russia you might also take English as a Second Language training so that when you move West you can be a busboy or something similar.
I had never heard of Taylor Swift either so I looked her up.She is a country-music singer born in Pennsylvania now living in Nashville. Her 25th birthday is less than a week away.
You're exaggerating Russia's offensive legislation. Compared to 2/3rds of the world, Russia is progressive on this matter, and Yakker singled it out only to play to the Globe's editorial biases.
Do you always paint everyone in the nest with the same brush?
That's why Canada needs Sun News. This kind of silly propaganda needs to be refuted with a bit of reality. Support Sun News here: tinyurl. com/acwm7rd
@ I do not like them Sam I am.Nice to see you've discovered cut and paste. How original.
More from the Conservative Reform Advertising Party. C.R.A.P. for short.
Honest mistakes and fraud... Is there a difference?
We will definitely need organic weed to provide 'healthy' smoke for inhalers. Right?
What a moronic comment.
The Mop and Pail has a bee in its bonnet, methinks.
How are those single mother families doing, statistically speaking?
Alison Redford marching in the Gay Pride parades in Calgary and Edmonton slipped by you? There are HUGE changes here.
Yes, If CNN can fit 11 on one stage after 4 in a preliminary round last night, the G&M could have held the debate to include not Elizabeth but Gilles in front of a Bi Plane in Calgary!
Canada should have a moratorium on immigration. That would put the banks and property speculators in their place.
Did you write the last sentence with a straight face?
The problem with the Harper supporters in Canada... their support is based on ideology rather than reason, 'gut feelings' rather than facts on the ground, and above all, what they think is going to play best to the base at home.
See Liberals (later Liberal Democrats) in UK....
Which reminds me - they let Pamela Wallin moderate one year!
Don't tell the Globe's editorial writers, Terry - they seem to be completely oblivious to it all.
RememberThePast: That is why everybody gets exactly the same neutral gaze. What goes on behind my eyes is my business; what the world sees is a neutral gaze with neither leer nor ogle.
The worst pm Canada has ever had has done enough harm. Deceivin' Stephen has to go.
Shhh, you might trigger her!!
As is typical -- the UK is ahead of Canada on the innovation front.
There is no point other than Trump playing to the stupidity of his followers. Trump cannot be gone soon enough.
Has he voted in any Canadian election over the last five years? If he does not bother to vote, what's the beef?
You bring up a good point. Unionized auto-workers earning $30/hr pay some pretty heavy-duty taxes as compared to migrant workers earning $10/hr at the McDonalds Drive-Thru, most of which is being sent home.
Nigel Wright. But the PM so-called 'fired him'
Very well stated thanks
As the budget will balance itself, do we still need a minister of finance?
Ms.Wente is an American.
Bad tactics and underestimation of the enemy's strength. Trench warfare was neveer going to win anything quickly. Let's hope we manage to identify and avoid the equivalent against IS.
YES... I say BAN the interloper!!!!!!!
Very true. You reap what you sow.
To be a 'real journalist' you don't use the attribution error as your argument.
I think you are mixing your metaphors. Pay more attention.
If Lawrence Martin says the Liberal Party is not doing very well it has to be reeeaaly bad. Mr. Martin is as 'Hooked In' with the Laurentien Elites as much as any of the Main Stream normal cheerleaders.
But if commercial vehicles are charged a toll as well, and the cost of goods rises accordingly, I WILL indirectly pay for the road toll as a consumer, which is how it should be.
The whole article ignores the fact the $3.1 billion figure is from the period covering 2001-2009. Who was in power from 01-06? Plenty of blame to go around.
The best alternative is more basic research, without the IPCC assumption that it's all man's fault.
heh heh... just noticed I wrote 'real facts' :-)
If Trump sees a profit in it for his holdings he'll bite.
Japanese suffering in Canada? Tell that to commonwealth soldiers who suffered in Japanese prisoner of war camps. Tell that to the Chinese who suffered Japanese brutality...
Nice little Compare and Contrast, Mr. Simpson. Grade it at 88% - only because, you know, 'the A paper has never been written'. ;)
Exactly right - we never thought a Prime Minister would make such an appointment. The best that can be said for the Harper Prime Ministership is that he has exposed the many weaknesses in the Canadian democratic and parliamentary systems.
The Globe's so far behind the National Observer and The Tyee in exposing ongoing coverups, you're obviously bothered by any progressive journalistic activity disturbing your doze, Front.
So, Alberta will become a landlocked republic? Or, if Stephen Harper is in charge, go retro and declare itself a British colony? Certainly, it won't rush to join the U.S., whose states must envy the autonomy possessed by Canadian provinces.
You probably won't read this, Stephen, but you're absolutely right.
So Gord, what you're saying is that hard work has nothing on privilege and inheritance. Hmmmm - this seems to go against the hard right's Ayn Randian mythology.
Tom Flanagan; what a reptile! Ralph Klein; birds of a feather.....
Green people seem to like people living in poverty under despotic leaders. That way they do not add CO2 to the planet with cars and air conditioners.
Warren Delano, grandfather to President Roosevelt (FDR), made the family fortune in the China opium business.
Harper ran a massive deficit so he could cut the GST.
>>If he does a good job he can have 4 nannies. Throw in a performance bonus, may be?
Bikerman9: 44 PM on February 19, 2013The white man brutalized Asia for centuries. Read From the Ruins of EmpireThe Revolt against the West and the Remaking of Asia By Mishra, Pankaj An eye opening exercis for me.
What a stupid comment. I am sure Sweden has politicians that are corrupt.
With this group discrimination stares them in the face the moment they look in a mirror.
A-Chord,Nothing justifies racism. even this language law does not justify neither racism nor bashing.
My, my, look at all the new posting accounts.
Here's a Galup poll about what worries Americans the most: http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-01-06/new-gallup-poll-%E2%80%93-americans-consider-government-much-bigger-problem-gunsNotice how guns are WAY down near the bottom of the list.
Sing along Marg,'Cause I've got friends in low placesWhere the wiskey drownsand the beer chases my blues away, And I'll be okay.
Yes the are - the problem is every prisoner isn't locked up in the hole. Retribution is so rewarding when you are a spectator.
People will feel a pressure hereto unknown to provide services that were until just recently considered illegal.
Look to our private sector
You danced with Ellen! You must know things
Blithering eedjit.
No .............. The birther issue was always just a p i s s i n g match between you wing-nuts and reality.
Quelle surprise, pundits wrong again. Be weary Angela Merkel.
Great example of shoddy and biased journalism! No wonder journalist are viewed so poorly by the public.
The difference between the reception of the news of BC's refusal to allow the pipeline and Quebec's is the fact that parliament was not sitting when BC made its decision so the Conservatives were not in there to make it a divisive issue.
This is the kind of weak journalism that buggered up the Americans under Bush/Cheney.
Send help please :(
You mean Bill Clinton's rape trial? Or Hillary Clinton's espionage trial?
Sounds like we should have a national energy strategy before we just go and export our energy.
"Hate sex" refers to having sex with someone you're attracted to but do not like. What did you think it meant?
Important column, but what is missing from this critique (and many others that deal with Trump or the Republicans) is that these are reflections of what elements of the voting public want.
There is only one taxpayer ... Then the Provinces downloaded to Municipalities.
...and recruited by Paul Martin.
I do not dispute your tastes but I fail to see why taxpayer's need to pay for your amusement.
So do you, avid Sen's fan (isn't it), with your innuendo here, equating ISIS with these refugees. Refugees that, as you well know, are not from the same ethnic demographic of as most member of ISIS.
'I think that Kevin O'leary was probably the kind of guy who got picked on a lot in highschool. Now that he's made his millions he feels the need to let everyone know that he's made it.'----------The above statement is the sign of a sick mind.
They're in therapy, along with the Ford kids.
Trump has to lose.
Me, I expect my journalists to be squeaky-clean.Else you'll never stand a chance of having the important issues you want covered, and covered properly.
Seems the Provincial, Federal and Municipal deficits were unavoidable as well, next.
It was a marvelous gazebo.
i hope to see a challenging comment from the robo-cons that has substance, fact, and some detailed information. i'am i hoping for to much?
Maybe you would like such neighbours, I would not. And since I am an agnostic, I do not subscribe to the idea that I am any prostitute's keeper.
Must be extremist christians.
Exactly ! Always beware of the "official" story !
Jeffery is not a Moron but he certainly is a left leaning dreamer. There's no government like a bigger one for him.
Do centrists exist in your world?
doesn't one of the guys in the report has a British Passport and another a Swedish passport? think Progessive, think
We were enumerated at the door--?????
You only have to force the other party to negotiate when they won't do it on their own.
Then the 'average Canadian' should wake up and start learning about what this government is doing to our country.
typical whining designers, complaining about work they weren't asked to do, never stopping to think why that was so...
There is little doubt that a franchise in Vegas is destined to be an epic failure. You can't build a fan base in a tourist town. But hey, who actually cares .... the suits get their 500 million, regardless. Gary Bettman is an evil gnome.
The reduction to the HST has hurt us. Consumption taxes are the way to go. Not income taxes. No one likes to pay tax, but we should pay our fair share!
He is a soldier and not a politician. Listen more to the question period of parliament and you will see what the difference is in giving evading and sometimes stupid answers to intelligent questions.
30,000 guns deaths per year (2/3 are suicides), yet no reason to change? Tell that to the parents of the kids at Sandy Hook. I dare you.
Why is Canada being taken over by people who should be proud to call themselves Canadian under the existing Canadian laws? Why?
So in a nutshell, the Liberals will always do what's in their own best self interest. Canada is indeed back.
Good explanation. It's disappointing that, other than Mr. Ford, we have a pretty downtown-centred election race. Don't forget that Mr. Harper made his own luck in terms of In and Out, attack ads, voter redirection ...
It's transparent in that we can see ourselves being screwed.
Oh my goodness.....the horror of it all. An actual pay raise. I would like to know what the annual salaries are of the Canadian Taxpayers Federation's employees are. Of which the above writer works for.
Crux is a Dominionist wacko. If you do not know about the extreme Christian Dominionist movement, google it.
and the same applies to the USA - i.e. they are conservative Christians
In other words, kozak, you have no valid counter-point. What's your interest in seeing avoidable conflicts escalated? Own a lot of "defense" stocks or something ... ?
OMG! Actual analysis.
Making friends with a charm offensive, just like Mr Baird did.
Interesting format of your comment.... but I agree with your observations. I think the real culprits are the ed adm who control the curricula and their implementations. Please read my comment.
Spot on, Margaret.
Yes life is tough. Now that we have established that move on and start giving back. Unfortunately it appears that it has not taken long for these people to become real Canadian and complain what they can't do an can't have. Unbelievable
Good thing we have Health Care - you're going to need it when your head explodes in October.
Of course not....it is just more straightforward in Quebec.....outside of Quebec... just a few more bank shots....but the balls still go in
Way to stay on topic
did you read the editorial? There's no reference to it in your comment
There are less regular working people among the NDP and Liberals? Really ridiculous claim. And your proof of this is?????
Pandering (as usual) to the social-conservative base, and telling the majority of Canadians how to live -- and end -- our lives. I urge you to support www. dyingwithdignity.ca/
You have proven the author's point. No one can say what Harper is doing to 'destroy democracy and human rights', they just assume we all know. Please give specific examples, I know it's fun to rage against the machine.
Absolutely - and the parents need to be held accountable as well because the kid will receive next to nothing in the form of punishment.
Kinda makes one wonder, 'Thrym,' what's going to happen when us 'grey-hairs' aren't around anymore. Chaos City?
When you aspirate a noxious bug, the answer is to cough deeply and expel the irritant.
They're screwed when their good men leave them with a bunch of snotnosed kids that need supporting. I guess those good men will be okay with paying alimony though... right?
Since the Magna Carta, the Glorious Revolution, the Industrial Revolution etc. There was much to change but you are talking then and this is now. If there are any more effective institutions than the West enjoys presently, I am unaware of them.
Ah, that's the rub. Whose land is it anyway.
Because all the attending doctors are men? Is that what you are implying?
not this time
Nobody is standing in your way. There are cliffs all around. You want to FORCE someone else to KILL you. You want to FORCE a life changing event on someone else who may have gotten into the field for the exact opposite of helping people die.
Amazing how the federal political partys/politicians can not bring about the wish of most Canadians and close Canada's useless Senate. Weird politicians in what is often a weird country. Canadian voters leave a lot to be desired.
This and the 4 other Trump stories belong in the US Election folder. The tabloid press is taking over mainstream media.
I think it is false to say we do not hear from moderate Muslims. They speak to extremism every day. But moderate views are not newsworthy. So they rarely get heard.
' Fareed Zakaria: ?We are meant to be engaged with the big questions? 'I not only got engaged to, but I married the big question.
Fossil fuels don't receive subsidies but they do generate trillions in government royalties and taxes.
Real: look at the latest opinion polls. Sorry to disappoint.
say it ain't so. you mean my fantasy is now over? that it never really was? aghhh the angst of liberal failure.
By the time the senate gets down to 15 , maybe Trudeau will be "ready". His hair might not be so good though.
And you owe it to yourself to do a little more research into the positive things that Mr. Rae and the NDP government of Ontario managed to achieve.
Or how about poking the snake as you would call them? How's that good for our security? ... You can take your boogeyman mentality and trade it for a fascist leaning government or you can be a real Canadian and support democracy and the people.
There is no more moderate ANYTHING, as the posts in this newspaper consistently show. People no longer think; they react.
Well, we can always create another body to make recommendations for that body ...
Delhi is magnificent. If you're such a shrinking violet, fall to your fainting couch, but please, leave the wonderful flawed world to the rest of us. Please?
Don't worry. Like Canada, Britain is a branch plant of the American-dominated corporate empire. The Americans will take care of the elites, the masses of people not so much. But the masses always suffer no matter what form of government is in power.
I realize some will disagree with this. It does have some issues with it. It does however stream line decisions better. After all there were how many people flown or brought in from other countries on the gateway?
Police States are expensive.
.Does the Globe and Mail and other leftist media prefer that the West tremble in front o China? What is wrong with you people?.
You should put Trudeau's speech on your youtube, so you know what he actually said.
Right yo are, Bill! 'Brand', as in a indelible mark seared into the skin that can't be altered or hidden.
Sad, but possibly true.
No they can't deliver, they will increase taxes on the many and give to their select few.
Nonsense. Are we to overlook that the natives took slaves as well?
Half or more of the population 'made poor personal choices'???Wrong; there's something sick with the system.
So you would throw a hissy fit, grab a coworker, elbow a women, and stopper around. Get real and stop the excuses, his actions clearly display a child who had a knee jerk reaction that ended very poorly!!!!
Not surprising - have you seen the size of some Samoans? They make the average Canadian look like something out of Belsen.
But it doesn't seem like a very balanced account with both sides consulted only the ones really in the know. It would be nice to know what the real story is, at this point I don't think I do.
way to ruin a good narrative rant with facts
Math: Suppose you have someone making $50,000 (not a great salary, btw): $50,000 X 22 = $1,100,000 And the man in the article has acquired a small 615 sq/ft apartment. No, in Toronto, he'd likely have a detached house in a fairly good area.
The judge positioned herself above the Charter, a part of 'the supreme law of Canada'.
J56, putting 'rational' and 'religious beliefs' in the same sentence is, well, totally irrational.
I guess health care is not part of the Liberal way. U.N = Yes, Native Chiefs who will hoard the money = Yes, Healthcare = NO
For those not following his posts over the years, rb works in oil & gas and dismisses global warming, a not-uncommon combination founded on narrow self-interest.
sorry the logic is missing to me. Quebec is still in Canada. The USA is not.
That is their right and it may be that they consider themselves winners due to the election results.
Lamont, do you really think it's coincidence that the NDP surged in popularity within Quebec when Jack Layton said that he wanted to be PM so badly that he was willing to break up Canada to accomplish that.
A load of el guano, if there ever was one.
This present edition of the parliament must be the low point in our political history. It is nothing but a gong show with the worst possible ruling party and official opposition. There is some solace though. It can't get any worse.
To suggest that all GMO are by definition safe is as silly as suggesting to say that all GMOs are by definition dangerous.
maybe he will sue the robo-con party.
But sadder still is the lame extended metaphor in the column.
Bwahahaha! Every post Miller makes just maps out the extent of his delusions. Sad really.
Development of the Athabasca oil sands was made possible in the first place thanks to federally-funded R&D and tax breaks. But some of you will carry your cherished faulty memories of Pierre Trudeau's imagined slights to the grave.
Lemmings are solitary animals and don't leap off cliffs, PJ.Even with figures of speech you gravitate to the inaccurate ones. Must be a characteristic of the 'Friends of Science'.
that is the kind of Identity politics Liberals play so how did Trudeau get elected ? after all he did say Canada has "no core identity" oh, he said it after the election
reserves and race based resource entitlements ARE an apartheid system... Agreed!! The natives are the racists and we are the (intended) victims.
Carefull, I hear that it's dangerous to wake a sleep walker.
Honest, intelligent reporting? From Ezra Levant? The guy has been reprimanded repeatedly for unfair reporting and is owned by oil companies. Sheesh.
'Blame Canada campaign 'There's a Blame Canada 'campaign' going on in the U.S.? I must not have gotten the memo.
> "hyper masculine posturing." Code words for "MALE-BASHING" perhaps? Why inject this rather casual (and probably thoughtless) sexist comment? Is this so ingrained into certain strains of political thought?
The issue is not pro-spanking or anti-spanking, the issue is pro-choice.
Marcus and Maggie
The criticism: Bill C-14 does not specifically state that a doctor or nurse practitioner must be present at an assisted death. To require a doctor or nurse be always present, limits or denies this medical service to patients in many areas of Canada.
Does the truth have to be biased?
By the reasoning of Harper and his ilk, who look for every opportunity to create a dragon to slay in effort to please their followers.
Trump is neither racist nor social conservative.
Yep, 15 Russians on Facebook were able to counter the 24/7 bash Trump media that included CNN, ABC, NBC, CBS, and MSNBC.
Precocious doesn't mean what you think it does. Look it up.
Well, upanddown2, if you and yours ever want to show a hint of an indication that you aren't ignorant, paranoid and xenophobic, now would be as good a time as any to start.
Steven Forth, One word: winter.
Even when using the same playbook as the Harper Conservatives.
Never mind freedom of the press, all of Canada should wake up a realize that we no longer have free speech rights too.
Wrong on so many levels . . .Make Your Opinion KnownContact the 'Never Forgotten National Memorial Foundation'6 Vansco RoadToronto, Ontario M8Z 5J4Tel: 416-253-1917www.nfnm.cominfo@nfnmfoundation.ca
PROGRESSIVE ??? You are still blowing smoke as two-thirds of Canadians could not even find Iraq on a map ? You keep throwing around the LEFTIE issue as if you were a conservative ? Some folks are conservative and don't agree with you .
He'd better be hot and rich himself to attract a hot and rich trophy wife. Just sayin'.
I am glad this post is on. It says it like it is. If you don't think their creed (not even religion, because it is not just a religion) has anything to do with it, you are a naive fool, who lives in a bubble.
C'mon it is simple Bridge financing, Duff had expenses with his PEI residence. unforseen. Cut the guy some slack!
Brilliant column, thank you Mr. Simpson!
Christy prefers to bury costs, to be found out by future generations. That's Liberal transparency.
'Take a good look at the post-war social policies that built a strong economy and more fair society, it pulled people up to the middle class.'Spot on. Jeffrey will never use history, however. It has to be a moral thing, year to year.
Because expat Americans pay tax.
BC, Orwell has reviewed it and is firmly of the belief that the correct approach in newspeak is to pretend these people don't exist. That'll make them go away for sure.
"Trudeau needs to take the gloves off..." That'll make some strip tease. He's already got his pants down.
It is a tough calculation. A lot depends on the west and the next couple of years. It will be interesting.
I've had hair-raising taxi rides in Toronto.
we like messed up people in ON.
Yep, it was pure luck we won WWII... never managed to do it again, so let's never try again.
Lol. Nice gymnastics.
And americans wonder why everyone hates them?
I think it's illegal to 'pole' people without consent. But you could try polling them.
Two key impacts you've not mentioned: food and potable water. Google 'nexus energy food water'.
Mocking political correctness. Makes it so easy to spot the bigots.
Again snuff we know your social agenda now let the majority decide....
Please note: umbrella strollers do not work in snow! Here in Saskatoon, we have half a year of the stuff and unplowed sidewalks.
Unfortunately for Canada the Harper infrastructure budgets were serially only partially spent on projects. His claims to be spending were mostly window dressing and contributed less than advertised.
In a democracy you get the government you deserve!
How about admitting that he mislead parliament and lied to the Canadian people?
In fairness to the police, they were busy releasing the names of the looters. Probably just ran out of time to release that other stuff.
When all is said and done, I think you nailed it.
What data is that? I am the son of immigrants and my family is doing much better than my parents and I see many others who have done well. Are you using American data again? They do have a problem.
Dunno, Mr Wiser. You're the one name-calling.
Oh, and Leon, what it sounds like _to_you_ is irrelevant: what it sounds like to those who are targeted is what matters.
Suggested solution: Refuse to purchase anything with a 'Made in China' label. And be sure to tell the store management why you will no longer shop at their store.
The media in this country lies to us. They only pay lip service to the idea of freedom of thought and speech. One day these false messengers will face painful consequences.
Well... Chrome is working ok. That much is a relief.
You secretly want to be whipped Ark... it's obvious and your secret is out old boy 
Harper's changes weren't as drastic as you claim. What do you think was "drastic" ?
I have criticized the globe, for lacking remorse for having played such a large roll in Harpers successful election bid. This very frank editorial, is a good start on the path to contrition I believe they owe Canadians. Bravo.
No its not. Slant does not mean fake.
I think this is a reference to 'Your Ward News' and it not CPC (Conservative Party of Canada) but a new political party which is not even registered for this election.
That's true. On the list of headlines that you will never read is 'Atheists bomb temple, church, etc'.
Don't want to peak too soon.
no, she's right, according medical facts
How did the Frum kids go so far off track?
I'm confused. What do you have to abort? If you mean a male birth control pill, I'm sure there's no one against that. I've yet to meet a man who requires an abortion though.
Yes indeed, 'the old bear is still alive' and it has taken this to rouse the masses from their self absorbed lifestyle.
Just as Alberta needs BC to transport resources overseas, BC needs Alberta to transport everything to the rest of Canada. If it does get ugly. BC becomes the BIG loser.
'Jesus was an early originator of the idea that all people are to be loved at all times.' Except if you're gay, an adulterer, or believe in the wrong stuff, or want to decide what to do with your own body... you know, stuff like that.
'the spectre of democracy in Ukraine, which the West is promoting'Supporting a coup is promoting democracy?
The MSM is absolutely corrupt and the Globe has lost all credibility. Period.
I think it's backfiring. I am fed up with hearing the word 'family'.
Well, she will be an honorary Canadian citizen soon - can honorary citizens stand for office? She isn't old enough yet. There is a general decline in copy editing, even in 'serious' news media.
You seem to be missing the point: Mike took the money. Nigel paid the money back. Mike still has the dirty money.
Yep, our betters have told us what to think ... all discussion must now cease.
Renewable energy is rapidly dropping in price. Alberta has some of the best wind and solar power potential in the country - there is no reason why the province cannot become a renewable energy leader in Canada.
Reminds me of Rob Ford's refusal to support an $80,000 programme for STD prevention paid for by the province but pushes through a $3 billion subway and expects the province to pay for that.
You've described it exactly as the late Dalton Camp predicted it would happen. Flora MacDonald had simply bailed.
So 'Jesus-y'.
Absolute nonsense. They aren't looking for a handout; all Alberta wants is for a pipeline or two to be approved so they can get their oil to market. They're not asking government tp build it; they just want government to get out of their way!
only a sith deals in absolutes
23 million to catch a million - sounds like the audit needs an audit.
agreed. by time he's done with em they'll be ruined
Buzzwords like 'elites' are a dead giveaway of someone who can't think for themselves. Would you kindly define what you mean by 'elite'? If a millionaire like Ford isn't part of the 'elite' then who is?
who are talibanesque bigots? supporters of the Taliban come from the LEFT eg. Jack Layton's lovely nickname was TALIBAN JACK Just call the left "talibanesque" bigot is redundant it is obvious
" short term memory is very much impaired with cannabis" An often repeated myth backed by no reputable evidence.
clearly you missed Parizeau's furious attacks in 2013-14 against the Marois charter of values; the PQ could not get him to shut up, and said loudly and repeatedly that this was not the type of society he envisaged ...
Pretty well actually. One of a few provinces on the upswing.
Ontario has the highest electricity rates in NA, a major deterrent to manufacturing. That's on the Liberals.
Lighten up. The fact that JT happens to be nice looking does NOT negate his ability or accomplishments.
Yes I heard about that result as well but it received little coverage. Note to Haygagan, this poll is different because it was commissioned by the UN ( they are a respected international organization based ) and there were 7 million respondents
Why are all the comments sections closed on the Boston Bombings? Why have they been closed for days?
CA's have to feel trepidation, isn't it part of the education process to become one :-) Who wants a happy go lucky accountant?
You criticize the polarizing language of downtown elites vs suburban people, yet these stereotypes are embedded in your opening paragraph. You need to tidy your own mind first.
Yeah to Tabitha for her commentary. Bet Mom is not laughing!
'Maybe the writer should deal with oil and art in separate columns.'Unless of course he's writing about oil paintings :-)
All charter rights have limits.
if you noticed from my now self-deleted original comment... did i ever misread your comment the first time... time to sleep.
Do you really need to ask? Sounds like a comment (wholly justified) on the conduct of the Harper government.
Unfortunately the elites will survive just fine. It will the people who will suffer because the elites will make sure their oxen are not gored.
If she is so intolerant, then she shouldn't be a judge.
I wonder if they or we are killing the most people.
There wasn't a rational thought to be found in your last comment. Assuming you were drunk was the kindest thing I could do.
Very good points hifiman.
'Occidentals'?
A Globe endorsement has lost some of its shine for me since they backed Hudak in the last election.
Equal treatment under the law isn't propaganda.
You apparently live in an alternate history universe. Try reading about what happened in the real world.
Realism isn't a strong point for people who figure they can live off someone else's efforts.
Bees? Hornets? Wasps?
So, report them.
DieterHH - are you following the Truth and Reconciliation Committee's work? That's one way South Africa was able to move forward but I don't see much good will from the non-Native community - and not just on this thread.
'this is a serious concern, because much of that wealth never gets taxed.'Pretty much stopped reading at this point as your position was clear.
Well put, thank you!
it is a shame the globe has sunk so low. i remember when it was a newspaper for grown ups.
I am cancelling my subscription to The Globe (no wait, I haven't had one for twenty years). And I am removing my bequest to York (one of my alma maters) when I next up date my Will.
In Canada, our culture is superior. That is why immigrants come here. They don't go to barbaric places like India, Pakiland, Iran. Those are hell holes.
Wente shows naked opportunism. I don't know if she's noticed but all political parties seize opportunities when they come around.
i dont see any problem with proper recognition of our head of state. And the people who were serving in the navy and airforce when their traditional names were stripped away were cheering when the royal was put back.
Cause they are poorly trained, ignorant cowardly murderers.
.LPC, NDP and Green Party: Canada or Party ?LPC, NDP and Green Party: Wake up, and cooperate !Business-as-usual and vote-splitting irrelevance no longer suffice.
Victor, I don't understand your reply to Doug8888's comment?
It is fiscal madness to even contemplate hosting the Olympics. The main beneficiaries are the IOC and grandstanding politicians.
I take it you won't be voting for Harper then? Great comedy post by the way, especially your pidgin grammar and runaway sentence rants. Too funny.
Nonsense, and that is all that needs be said about that.
How were Soviet communism and Nazi fascism defeated?
The Trudeau in the title of the position is Pierre Elliot.
'Excellent education'? Does your definition of 'excellent education' include forcibly removing children from fit parents, neglect, sexual abuse and unmarked graves behind the school?
University of Calgary trained economist. Because the University of Phoenix hadn't been invented yet.
You fool! This isn't left vs. right! This is the people vs. the globalists and their agenda.
'You couldn't make this stuff up.'But you just did.
And had that happened and he died, the same furor would have been raised. 'Why did they not use a bean bag gun instead of a taser?'
You have your own answers.
Traditionally, trolls don't *cross* bridges.
This type of rubbish advice can come because too much tax Dollar is flowing into the universities.
Yo're stoned, MR? No great surprise there, I suppose.
A new Wente reader, are you, Peter?
What's the difference between your comments about Muslim refugees and Charlotte Whitton's views of Jewish refugees in 1939? Well done for exposing your true nature and lack of any Canadian values or characteristics.
What the heck is this writer smoking? Everything King Obama touches turns to crap!
Yes, very good comment.
Gary Buttman is more disliked than Sepp Blatter in Canada.
I'm a Franco-Manitoban who moved to Quebec City 8 years ago. My accent gives immediate rise to all sorts of comments. BUT, if I don't like it, I know I can just go back to MB...same thing applies to anyone who cannot, or often, will not, integrate.
No one can deny Israel's accomplishments just as no one can ignore Israel's misdeeds.
Hiya Naddsie: imagine a vicious anti-Alberta bigot like you showing up on a thread about 'respect'.Too late to have a conversion now little hater... Tick tock ...
A glaring problem that any competent editor should have either caught or had the author explain, imo.
I'll choose your first scenario. Bay Street, Wall Street, and the Harperites choose your second.
What?! Kindred spirits?! NO!
Many documented court cases of elections being reversed for fraud, just google it.
Indeed. Size matters...
Just maybe he wanted to get out and smoke a joint with his buddies, the marijuana equivalent of a nicotine fit!
Conservative values,, ha ha ha.
Paragraphs! Paragraphs, dude!
Not from Matlow. And a lot of people were basically just talking about the taxes.
Well good for you calgaryobserver. I dare you to profess your love/admiration for notley. Why dont you get on a soap box in downtown Calgary? Id love to see what happens to you. Lol
NADDAWAY: And at the other extreme you have Margaret Thatcher, who held that there is no such thing as society. It seems to me that her dark vision is now on the defensive in Britain and possibly elsewhere.
Funny, no comments here to the effect that both Toronto and Vancouver stink. They're both big masses of concrete with waaay too many people in one place.
Article should be titled, Can manufacturers do more to fight stupidity of self-obsessed dangerous drivers who don't think it's their fault if you die while they text. or if that's too long....Protecting us from stupid.
I suppose you're a centrist? Not everyone who disagrees with Harper is a "lefty".
Correct me if I am wrong, but is this not the same agenda that Ford was catigated (rightly) for? Does the same analysis and conclusion not apply? signed,Interested questioner from afar
So f?hlt sich der Reichspropagandaminister stark genug, in seiner Position, die F?hrung der Partei die Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiter-Frage zu stellen.
I can't believe Ms Wente would try to turn this incredibly complicated international situation into a pissing contest!
Prostitution (by women and men) was and is legal in every culture over the world. Always. It is called 'marrying rich.'
Plenty of energy to post long screeds about this condition, which many doctors regard as a non-illness.
OMG... disgraced congressman....WEI-NER is her husband???? Does Hillary pick her staff from a recovering wives of sexual perverts support group?
Gawwwwwwd seeeees alllllllll
'Bank of England Governor Mark Carney bowed to campaigners and agreed to put Jane Austen on the ?10 note.'Last time I checked, Florence Nightingale was on the current edition of the ?5 note....
The AgProfessional site has the link. http://faostat3.fao.org/faostat-gateway/go/to/search/beehives/E. It shows that hive numbers are the highest in 24 years in Canada.
As opposed to a Helen Reddy-like character and her "I am woman" stance?
Why is a replacement required? Canada has an elected government (3+ levels).
Now that the Federal Liberals are in stay tuned, they will put the Human Rights Act back to just that and a lot of people will be bankrupted by those tribunals or face jail if they breach the orders.
'.... the people of Japan ..... are totally dependent on China.' This is the type of stupidity that you get when you replace Rex Murphy with an imbecilic college-dropout named Doug Saunders. The Globe is a mere shadow of its former self.
You mean like the fake wedges you fall for Trudeau gives you?'everything wrong with Canada is Alberta''The budget will balance itself out''Need to rethink space and time and where we came from''Canada belongs to Quebec'You mean those issues?
For hifiman: I have already done so in my reply, above, to "Andrew from Toronto."
The law is from 1993 and was put in by the Liberals.
Wow, I just checked Fantino's bio. This guy could be the poster boy for those matchbooks ads from the 80s, Careers Without College. How someone could move up the food chain so far with such awful work performance is beyond me.
Although they used their real names the Cheech and Chong that you refer to were fictional characters. Have you found a way to clone fictional characters? You have shown that you can clone drug war BS.
American values? America, like Canada, was founded on white supremacy and racism.
If I knew as much about anything as M Wente knows about everything I would be border-line genius. When it comes to Pot advise from Margaret. Just say No.
Do not expect favours from any American.
So there is intelligent life out there after all.... for some people, the idea of a global market for petroleum is very hard to understand.
Hudak is merely carrying on with the graceless Canadian tradition of dumping on retiring leaders be they provincial or federal.
The government has only two policies that are a failure; foreign policy and domestic policy.
It isn't simple, and I will not be silenced about that. Detox is the answer; if you are financially backed by a phara company? I suggest you lose them.
So, is the object to prohibit the use of solitary confinement or just the over use of it?
shftless2: The China FIPA was tabled in the house but has never been scheduled for discussion prior to ratification. Why is that? Is Harper afraid we will discover the agreement will threaten Canadian sovereignty for 31 years?
foreign Ownership is also Banned in Brazilalot of nice properties on the Brazilian coast... they must be racist
as if I was- I was dressed too stylish for my whackjob lesbian manager who HAD to be the most stylish in the office. She was putrid with hatred/jealously. Lost career due to her in large part.
Prime Minister Toady already been told what to think no need to let facts get in the way.
But 'scientists' desparate to keep those cushy grants and jobs do.
But is this meant to help the people of the area or is this meant to make Canadians feel better?
Lemme get this straight. The good folks in the Harper Government? are going to educate me on listeria and bio-terrorism and I just have to make sure I boil the water & the beef? That's a plan one could only expect from Harper's pinheads.
You poor dear. How can you survive?
That's what I do.
I would choose her over Harper, any day. At least she's honest. Also human.
if this is the kind of "man" you want to be (weak) then go ahead and follow this jew bastard
I think media is so lazy now they are just rehashing eachothers stories with no fact checking or research.
How many friends issued from recent immigration do you have? How many co-workers issued from immigration do you have sitting next to you?
Because Harper's ashamed of it.
Not a bug, not a bird, not blade of grass shall be harmed in pursuit of abating the folly of Goebbel-warming. A pox on your hydro! More windmills .. more solar panels .. more McGintyite waste and policy malfeasance .. NOW !!
I believe Konrad has a point. A manageable minimum wage for employers and an income supplement for those who qualify paid through CRA. The lower wage employees improve their lot and the economy doesn't take a hit.
Hope not. Perhaps they can find someone who understands that real journalism is the reporting of fact and not the creation of the classic 'poor me' diatribe.
Not that we should be surprised. Our media betrayed us and themselves the day Harper demanded to screen their questions, and they complied.
You're accusing Elizabeth of being an 'armchair critic' of the hysterical crowd's hysteria?
What about you, Robbins and Summers? Coinpurses nice and smooth?
When I have shared notes with patients from Europe who are in the midst of the two channel system. So far universally they all leave the conversation in envy of the Canadian system. This has been over glorified by many writers in my opinion.
Nothing is similar to cons destructive, incompetent platform and execution of it. Thank god.
Obama cancelled the agreement to install radar in the Czech Republic and defense in Poland. Since then his name is mud there.
I'll bet most of the 800, 000 are from Quebec and the GTA.
New Canuck and already totally confused. Lament Canada.
Well, the irony, of course, is the reaction to the BDS movement with regard to Israel and the occupied territories.
Ah yes, another Albertan with his head in a place where the sun doesn't shine.
Adolescents' self discovery + biological development + estrogen + testosterone= unstable and volatile rationalization. Unfortunately many go on to become lousy parents.
Mr. Ching: If you feel so scared and intimidated, why are you still staying in Hong Kong and keep writing these anti-China articles?
Mr.Busby: I was no fan of the Harris regime but where cultural and gender identity issues were concerned Harris wasn't the neanderthal he's sometimes made out to be. He was an economic neo-liberal but not an ultraconservative on many social issues.
OK. So when are you going to submit a more worthy article to the G&M to summarize your (apparently) more legitimate thesis? Kudos to Mr. LeDrew for making an effort (despite being a 'old party hack').
That is a strange definition of 'patriarchy'.And yes, parent 'losing it' and overreacting is bad, whether it involves physical punishment or overdoing removal of privileges. But mild physical correction does not involve 'losing it'.
Progresive111 - that would be because the hidden agenda is no longer hidden - it has been exposed and found wanting
Sorry, worst PM in history is lying fraud cover up Harper.
grope and fail? what called for that?
Yes thats right. Best prime minister ever. Thats worked very well.
Happy with life ...more denier crap
Yes, and let's hope that the Brian Mulroney defense doesn't materialize after the trial: 'But the lawyers didn't ask me the right questions.'
@Citizen1: Please note that the 'bunch of left wingers' support high quality universal health care that is praised here, while PM Harper and cronies are on record intending to destroy it.
Reality beats Trump....
And this proves that you are a big , tough guy? I'd suggest you tell this to the census people directly, but based on your post - who believes you?
How patronizing of you.
NATO should provide weapons and training to even the odds since the Russians are doing the same.
He more than made up for any transient lapse in judgment on the War Measures Act by championing the Charter and bringing it into law.
No - I'm pretty sure the dinosaurs like Gibson and Harper are really not with the judges.
I've said it before, and I'll keep repeating it. This travesty named the Orwellian 'Fair Elections Act' should be withdrawn. It does not deserve the light of day. Tinkering with it will do little good. A pig with lipstick is still a pig.
You have a disease that can't be cured.
If he did, so what? Criminal lawyers don't have to believe that what people was doing was okay... their primary role is to ensure that those being prosecuted are treated fairly.
We need to fully open our door to all the refugees around the world and let them in whenever they have no place to go. We need to let the refugees around the world to know that Canada's door is open to them 24/7.
Women have become men these days or haven't you noticed?
Give us a break already.
The old witch is completely crazy. First she bring in more dangerous booze to local corner stores. Then she wants people to get stone and drunk? Why would you encourage people use alcohol? Of course for the money!
Cry me a river ... got your attention, didn't I 
And you make up facts, when and where it pleases you.
Posting this picture undermines your argument
But Al, with your approach you'd be unable to retain teachers for any length of time. It's not a case of willingness to take high risk jobs: it's the policy question for the government of how to maintain services in this environment.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but didn't the G&M endorse the Conservatives in the Oct 19 election? Does trying to have your cake and eating it too, come to mind?
OK. Speak for YOUR self. What do you have to add to the conversation? Broadbent is left of me, but he speaks much sense here.
'I am a writer, a feminist and ... a woman'. Fine, but you forgot to mention narcissist.
C_Williams Actually conventions are part of the constitution . The constitution is made up of the written part and conventions . Who doesn't know that . I guess you .
robo-con harper the fred c. dobbs of Canada.
As opposed to the elite crazy republican world view.
Speaking of Dead Weight; have you taken a close look at your fancy man Trudeau ?
The prosecutor for Conneticut believed that there was sufficient reason to lay a charge.
oops I already published this comment - I'm getting my Globe and Facebook comments mixed up.
More likely France. Muslims are at 10% of the general population
Actually, Conrad Black is a Quebecer/Quebecois.
Tomi nails it:http://www.theblaze.com/video/the-left-tolerates-everyone-except-trump-supporters/
worc: Thank you.
Why should we? This is Canada, not Saudi Arabia. If she doesn't like our customs and our laws, emigrate elsewhere.
And the thumbs-down to this sensible post are obvious signs that there are some people who really, really want to make a mountain out of a molehill.
well said aerie1
You said the same thing about Rob Ford. It is self serving request so you can report more on nothing to fill your at times boring editorials. Pigs at the trough must go
Candidates? Yes, Laura Secord. Also Roberta Bondar, Emily Carr, or Gabrielle Roy. (And, let's be fair, Celine Dion.)
First of April came early this year, eh?Sure monopoly works - - for those who own, or have shares in the businesses that can monopolise something!
eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Canadians have had enough of moving backwards with Harper and his Republican ways.
Convicted of trying to murder someone he'd already legally killed. Makes sense to me!
Right. There are some areas that are densely populated, but the problem isn't overpopulation.
another day, another shameful chapter in Harper government story. It is more clear to me why Steve and his robo call crew does not care about Canadian veterans: this is not beneficial for his corporate enablers. the worst PM ever.
Proposed changes do not apply to parcel delivery according to the announcement. I haven't had home delivery for over 38 years, and can't understand what all the whining is about.
The Supremes throw their weight around to write into the Constitution whatever they please.
Whoa. Not only did the federal government get something right, but so did the Globe and Mail.
scunny Where did I post that I break the law by speeding. Please point that out to me or retract your last post.
Winning a referendum by a few percentage points means just that. It is not an automatic conferral of moral correctness. History is full of examples that show that - e.g., Hitler was elected democratically.
did you figure this out all by yourself? you win the Captain Obvious award for October.
It ain't the work its the taxes!
I'd like to see the Harper Conservatives reap a well deserved defeat in October.
Yet even with this questionable education and retrograde work experience Kristen, he managed to figure out that, in the context of Canada's economy, Alberta is much more important than the Maritimes. Would you not agree?
How dare you criticize Justin Trudeau? It's not like he thinks Canada belongs to his elite class of Liberal politicians from Quebec... Who would even think of criticizing someone with such beautiful hair?
Yet another biased, whitewashed editorial from big Canadian media. Very tired of the narrow-minded journalism - but at least we've finally got a few decent comment threads going.
Sorry Donna but that was 'Lord of the flies.'
You are 100% correct. It is a myth.....quite simply.....propaganda.
Maybe this is something you should take a step back and look at.
The liberal media is the 'muscle'.
The hypocrisy of this editorial seems to be lost of the G&M editors. Why then does this paper blindly support the Harper machine and its utterly negative approach to politics?
yes, it needs to be more nurturing.
by our BOMBS...
I heard that there is this new thing called Google......
there is a Puritan streak in progressives, which is why they don't find this funny
BUY farmland is perfectly fine and legal if the farmland is for sale someone has to buy it it is not stolen land so what is the problem? you get to eat your veggies does it matter who grows them
'... the Canadian right is poised for a healthy hashing out of ideas.'=====What would be healthy is if they abandoned many of their ideas completely.
And what have the CPC and NDP done last week? Nada
The election of a misogynist, racist ignoramus as president is a sure sign that America is in decline.
Rio: A legend in his own mind.
Whine away. Maybe next election you'll get off of your lazy behind and get to the polls. Until then, your incessant whining about the results rings hollow.
As a septuagenerian, I'm not sure how to respond to that.
Why is it the article seems to be assuming the Syrian government is guilty of using chemical weapons? Because the American administration said so? I seem to remember how that turned out in Iraq.
Maybe Harper will bring in temporary foreign workers to tear down the building. It puts a smile on Jason Kenney's face.
According to the CIA, there are 31000 fighters in total. Surely the combined forces of the countries in the Middle East can defeat them if they have the will to.This is certainly not Canada's fight.
Oh, no - you can't have negative votes. That might dissuade the very sensitive from participating, and this is all about eyes, not facilitating a national debate.
To provide a counter opinion would give some credibility to your tiresome drivel.
WELL SAID.
A matter for local law enforcement, no? As for your two occidentals characterization how do you know? Have they been caught?
10 billions plus a year in provincial deficit and thousands without the jobs is a big price to pay for your comfort.
Classic business case is the green/recycling movement during the 1980s - everybody supported it in surveys, but nobody would buy brown toilet paper.
They have no choice.
If Canadians (including Albertans) really, truly want to save the future of humanity, the oil in the tar sands needs to stay in the ground.
Last I checked it's a sea of Orange up and down the BC Coast. You'll need some commercial like 'Enron and the Orca' Kinder Surprise. This pipeline is a non starter. 2015 please.
@Nadia - I'm far from a Harpo fan. But you just plainly have no clue what a dictatorship is. Get yourself an education.
JC12345 2+2=4 Are you sure ? I thought any number was OK - to reduce stress on the tender snow flakes ...
Bravo! Well written and sensible.
I guess only people who work in the energy industry have homes, food, leisure time and family? Apparently you were struck silly.
Flasher try is proof positive that trickle down economics does not work. All those tax cuts and Canada has higher unemployment than Britain. Way lower corporate tax rtes than the US and still the us is showing higher growth than Canada
You're no liberal.
Let's have a look at who has the contract for the maintenance of all our Federal Buidings. I seem to have read somewhere that is was given to N-- Lavalin. You know the same company embroiled with the Ghadafy family in Libya?
Well, neither does Pence but Republican voters have accepted he is a good Christian for decades. Why shouldn't Trump take a stab at convincing the same voters?
Tabatha I am a fan from this day forward. You are funny , interesting and on topic. Donaldo
'WE' have been trying to 'make things work' for 147 years. All Quebec has to do is to join us with a sincere effort to do the same. Throwing Queen Marois out is a very good step in that direction.
Russification was very real... in Crimea the decimated native Tatar population were either killed or deported their homes and farms taken over by Russians and others imported from elsewhere.
Electoral fraud conviction, robo calling, lying in parliament about witnessing voter fraud. Gotta love conservative politics.
What this is really about: http://www.theguardian.com/environment/2015/jun/29/rich-countries-100bn-promise-fight-climate-change-not-delivered
Tell us about your understanding of oath taking and whether that means Mennonites should be excluded cause they don't swear an oath. Seeing as you seem to have deep knowledge of theology of religions you do not practice.......
Ask a minor hockey or soccer coach what kind of input to expect from 'concerned' parents. Even the current system is better than a dictatorship of the loudest parents, the most fanatical parents, and the parents with the most time on their hands.
Keep in mind, he IS a Truthbender.
complete, utter, absolutely patent B dot S dot On the even of the 2014 congressional election 352 count that brother 3 5 2 bills had been sent from John B to Harry R that hadn't been acted on. Republicans tried way too hard to work with O bin lyin
Big city living, oh joy.
Mr. Ibbitson, remember Brexit. Populists are stronger than the polls.
LOL is in the dust bin where it belongs....All that cutting and pasting for nothing LOL
Come on DUDE!!! What the Hello!!! are you C or L?? Kevin , you remind me of a character in one of Stephen Leacock's books, 'He jumped on his horse and rode off in all 4 directions. That's you buddy! Put on your big boy pants and make a decision!!
Ah yes, Russia's super-ninja stealth army.
only Sweden and Germany among the 28 countries of Europe all the other have taken fewer syrian refugees than canada
Just another Trump bashing article disguised as a personal narrative. There will probably be more Trump bashing articles later on in the day, and certainly there will be more tomorrow.
Maybe, but one must respect democracy, right?
I agree, I'm shocked and pleased at the same time.
Was that last night's dream?
This is not about killing babies.
In our society we should ban face covering period, there is no good reason to have people walking around with their faces concealed.
it would cost less to leave the current system in place if money was your real issue there Einstien
Perhaps an actual sighting of the theoretical blue dwarf!
@Myviewpoint - since very very few of these refugees will actually end up working productively and paying for all of this themselves, it will all come via government support... which means more debt and/or higher taxes for the rest of us.
That may be so but too many attempt to whitewash what happened, after all how could God-fearing Christians possibly commit such savagery on a people.
Mark Shore - thanks for the context, that's very helpful. LoonerLander - your input is great. Not everyone would get around the censors with a llama manure reference ya know...
Completely agree with Old Bannister. Regulatory independence is a joke in Canada when it involves the oil industry. Do some research.
My fingers would burn if I type HIS name.
who would not like to be called a Pretty Boy rather flattering Mulcair? John Tory?
Justine out of his depth... Liberals fighting with each other while the government protects Canadians! LIEberal Heads Exploding!
Carl Jung, the collective unconscious, may be our spirit.
The world is a far more dangerous place with Obama's tenure. International terrorismnow has a complete foothold as a result of Obama's lack of leadership in the world. Time to write him off as the worst U.S. president after Jimmy Carter.
Explain please. Define your "right thing". Then watch every second poster contest your definition and provide their own.
Aspirin came from plants until it was isolated and put into medicinal form. What's your point? Digitalis is also deadly, hence the benefits from isolating it and controlling it purity, dosage, and usage.
Fair enough, but why do we have ridings in the first place?
First the west condemns Assad for bombing the terrorists in Syria. Now the west is planning to do Assad's bombing for him if he gives permission.
Boy, how the Conservatives love their liars, fraudsters, child porn fans, babysitter humpers, crack smokers, womanizers , wife beaters and the list goes on and on. These are the family values of the Reformers.
"Ranked ballots... and Proportional Representation... are the two extremes..." And then you dodged the point anyway. What's wrong with a system that favours a party that appeals to the majority of voters?
Just channeling boomer anger at not getting theirs and everyone elses. AnglerBob.
Our greedy consumerist ways are overwhelming the planet, actually.
Putin's mind is an order of magnitude higher than Obama, and two orders of magnitude higher than the editors of G&M. And these editors want to figure out Putin ultimate goal? They'd be smart to figure out what will eat tomorrow. What hubris.
Same can be said for Jason Kenney.
Most articles before today's seemed to blame Canadian diplomats and Stephen Harper. I guess an apology to these good people is contained in your next dispatch .
I wish posters here would only post what is absolutely true. Most of you make up or repeat things you've heard. This dishonety hurts us all.
Did you read Piketty's book? Did you listen to any of Piketty's talk? Or did you just imagine what Piketty said?
You have no idea about the precautions written into the bill, do you?
Are you a muslin? How do you have such expertise?
Don't know if it's still that way, but a 20-storey, U of T married students' apartment building just south of Yonge and Bloor would have all the doors open on the south side of the building on many spring and autumn days back in the 70s.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Well said.
Want to finish that thought?
So the lightweight beat dear leader??? What does that say about Junior W Bush?
Are the CF-18's just going to fall from the sky? Is this the right time for more taxpayer burden? Let's see if the kids words is trustworthy. Build Canadian, We did it once we can again.
What was partisan about the commentary from the actors?
So no scientific based evidence to support your views? Nothing data dependent? And we wonder why Donald Trump is so popular.
Yes, and the great recession didn't happen and the Libs and NDP didn't push for more spending faster.
good point, but the young are so very impatient.....
I think it's 'cabin' in Manitoba, or used to be.
And a nose like Pinocchio.
Always fun to look over the fence and seeing the neighbour's laundry hanging out.
Bill G for Prime Minister...'bout time somebody called a spade a fkn shovel
Bill, you are a wingnut, pure and simple. Get help.
....or Brian Mulroney - some great theatre there.
Well Doug ,perhaps you should ask the Arab block-that bailed out the Portuguese economy- what really transpired at the U.N. .If Crets or any other PM was in Office the Portuguese were going to win the seat. The Arab gold made sure of that.
Another bloated government department bites the dust......no wonder Stephen Harper is so popular.
Do you decide what the KKK does? Neither do Trump voters.
So Ezra Levant has been right all along about JT.
Finally! A boomer has the courage to speak the truth. Ms Wente is 100% on the mark.
Holy crap. This is awesome. 
Or changed the income tax more drastically - time for the rich to pay...
Well Harper did call on the Ford Brothers and Ford Nation in a last desperate attempt. Remember?
Herr Drumpf ist kein 'Gesicht von Amerika'!!! Er ist ein Multi-billionaire. Er hat selbst so gesagt.
Mel, after months of reading you, I still can't decide if you are serious, or just doing en excellent job of satire....
Absolutely 100% accurate statement. Harper has failed. Plenty of chances. Next.
Or self-discipline.
Welfare state. Stop looting Canadians for this rubbish. The Natives should start their own nation, their own country, their own land separate from Canada like the USA aor Russsia. Draw it on map and be done with all this communism.
Total Claptrap!
claiming native heritage to gain preferential admission to harvard... falsely.
Listen up, Buster. Women's issues are everyone's issues. Quit playing the victimization card that you seem to despise so much.
Good point. However normal-sized his appendages are, the thought of Trump's itchy fingers having access to the nuclear codes should scare the hell out of any sane person.
Enough about the non-profit nature of the GTAA. What's the guy who called the ground-stop making? 700k? How many billions was T3?$25 bucks per head for 30 million passengers... annually... and still no connection to the TTC.
Torq, our justice system has always treated pedophiles with kid gloves. Minimal sentences, if any at all, and then back on the street pronto!
May has tried to encourage cross-party cooperation in this election. Both Mulcair and Trudeau have rejected the idea.
Lesson: Maybe you shouldn't play vigilante and stalk unarmed teenagers because you want to be the big hero.
Yes, but it got excited coverage by 'reporters'.
This is not the first time this subject has been raised and one wonders why nothing has been done about it. Surely it is not that difficult to figure out.
Don't worry. You ARE wrong.
Good comment.
We don't need a Prime Minister who is a citizen of France.
You and fanatics have remarkably similar posting styles, Tormaine.
Heck. A lot of nurses refuse to get the flu vaccine.
It pales in comparison to the hatchet job the Fords have done on themselves.
Meaning the Bible thumpers won't be allowed to thump gay folks to death? The victory will be costly to whom?
But we would be rather handicapped by having to perform all tasks one handed needing the other to hold our noses.
You got to move, you got to move, 'cause when the Lord gets ready, you got to move.
So what? Things change.
I will refer you to a link that might be helpful to you. Don't worry. There is a video. You won't need to be able to read. theagenda.tvo.org/There is a video on the right Senate Shenanigans.
She was free to take her own life. Don't force others to be complicit in it.
As long as governments keep 'borrowing' made up money from the entities they license to make it up we'll keep paying a hidden tax to the 1%.
But that's just the sort of pretext Putin likes to use
Ya, that was it ...
The 'picture' that you see is largely given to you by just a couple of individuals, like the ones who operate this media outlet. Who is that individual? What personal interests might he or she have?
We've always had a Criminal Code provision against spanking. The bar of allowable force was moved downward in 2004, and now the government proposes moving it further down. There doesn't seem to have been difficulties in enforcement so far.
Derisible. Navel lint dressed up as a comment.
Better questionWhy are the Thomsons paying for this tripe while laying off Canadian employees ?http://business.financialpost.com/news/globe-and-mail-to-hold-town-hall-with-employees
great article as usual from one of G&M's top journalists.
Did you not write this: "We will find Harper's lack of foresight and flippancy have long repercussions." ?
I lean to Conservative but I thought taking kids to Star Wars was a great gesture.
Yes, Siren, and Trudeau is Catholic; Paul Martin attended Catholic church every Sunday. I know, how dare some have a spiritual life? You 'progressives' are so closed minded. C.
Except they are. Land and labour are commodities like any other. To everyone except Marxists and political opportunists.
A majority of voters already don't like Steve. The challenge is that with 5 political parties to chose from, and 4 are left of center, the vote split means that Steve can win again.
Accusing Mr. Martin of giving Harper a free pass on anything is laughable. This guy is so proLiberal it hurts. Its not his fault if Harper is having a good week.
You mean norms like allowing women to wear what they want, rather than sending the police to demand they take clothes off?
I wonder if they will issue a correction now that the blunder has been caught.(BTW, ooops again on the link.)
Dilias, you simply go to where the service is available. People with much more serious problems have to do it so why do you think it's such a big issue?
Canadian provinces and US states aren't "nations."
When you hit 50+ you are lumped into the senior demographic it's commonplace to stereotype - age seem to be the last remaining acceptable prejudice.
Coke does not make it punishable by death to drink Pepsi because they are confident they have a good product and they are not afraid of competition...
Yeah, whatever, when's the next election so that I can vote for Harper again. You see I vote according to ideological beliefs. The hell with everything else . . . opps, can I say 'hell'. Forgive me father for I have sinned . . .
A learning experience? It won't happen again? Does Kathryn Wynne have no shame?
Doubt you have been to the Netherlands, or just hanging out with kids. Been there and you tell them Canada and you are given big smiles and warm greetings. The troops are still fondly remembered especially by the older ones
Leader is a bit far.
Why are Con MP's upset about a few political ads?
Humility and generosity?...From this man?...Give me a break.
Eligible for parole IN 75 years, when he will be 99 years old. Few hearts will bleed over this though he may get a 99th birthday hug if he lives that long.
very good point
You sound like you need to bone up on your WW2 history to see what was actually happening. There is simply no current comparison for what was going on, and the bombing (nuke and non-nuke alike) was necessary.
Or, in the case of men, where that mouth has been.
In fact, DR Tamblyn looks like a pretty smart guy and is working on a bunch of interesting projects. You should write to him and lecture him about how to do science. http://faculty.uoit.ca/itamblyn/group/itamblyn.html
traitor....now you have given the North Koreans the Platform edge... on the Conservatives... what's next ...Froggy....Ideologue for Cons..
A Sikh player wearing a sport turban does not in any way enforce his religion onto you. But you are pushing your bigotry onto him.
Wente is so irrelevant, I don't know how she keeps her job! Pardon the pun, but I'd like to see her become "Wente the way of the Dodos"!
The real issue here is: 'What is the real politics of the Democratic Party then'? see below also Rmiller101
Guns aren't the problem, radical Islam is!!!
The Republicans are owned by the NRA. Mass killings will never stop until the Republican Party grows a spine. They have the blood of tens of thousands of innocent Americans on their hands.
Biting the hand that feeds you usually brings bad consequences.
Quebec Nationalists are zealots. They don't care about finances. They care about politics of language and identity and that's it.....
Why do you need someone at the newspaper to tell you how to feel?
What part of %1.75 doesn't add up for you gravy addicts out there? What really doesn't add up is how the Chief of Police can so blatantly violate our Privacy Laws and the Police Act to perform a political hatchet job and not end up in jail
Yes absolutelyYou think fear should rule us???
Apparently Eric thinks they deserve to get hep C and HIV and then burden our health care system.
Ha ha ha. This is hilarious and yet so sick and ignorant. I'm sure you are willing to ignore Stalin killing 20 million of his own citizens. But their relatives can't ignore it. I know, I'm brainwashed. At least I have something to wash.
And they can ward off scurvy.
'Radical Parallelism' is that like 'separate but equal' ?
Cubans have no need to come to Canada for medical care; the Cuban system is free and excellent. If you understood the blockade, you'd know that the U.S. forbids countries to provide medical equipment to Cuba.
I would also add some assessment of whether the material hacked was being hidden from us by our government or corporations and should have been in the public domain in the first place.
Exactly, who gave these 'leaders' the mandate?
So you take your medical advice from the likes of Jenny McCarthy's?Her medical qualifications: celebrity and playboy b! mb0?.
NETNUB, what makes communists or Mao part of the left? Are you suggesting that progressives are more intolerant than conservatives? Because otherwise you're just being intellectually boring.
You are spot on--the federal government has used Alberta taxpayers as a piggy bank over the last forty years.
'Mainstream psychology is based on the false view that the mind is a machine.'You are out of date. That view was discarded decades ago.
More brainwashed Canadian sheep talking.
tucky, this is completely outside the jurisdiction of international courts - the US can tax it's citizens and residents anyway it wants and that's completely up to them.
I'm trying out a new app I found called the EatBy App. There's some stuff about it around the web. It reminds me when things run out in my fridge. Seems good so far. Hopefully it'll help me throw less stuff out.
If he has to clean the bathroom, he will start to sit down too.
'Westerners and Jews'? What the heck does that mean? Aren't many (actually most) Jews also Westerners? I find this highly offensive!
you should try reading the bible some time. The Old Testament has some really abhorent 'lessons' too. ALL religions are an anathema to modern society.
It won't take long for John to get up to speed, unlike Ford, he can read.
For which jobs specifically? If you look at what will be traded (similar to now), we don't directly compete with Europe that much. Similar to a Japan free trade deal - our economies are largely complimentary.
Turkish planes just attacked Aleppo and all the GM can write about is the dystopian pant suit clown.
In an ideal world, that would be a lovely solution. But Syria is hell on earth now. Are you personally going to take on ISIS ?
Merkel is on a suicide mission and will take dumb Europeans with her.
The article should start with the warning: 'This is a Paid Advertisement'
A glowing example of being "too clever by half".
No Mr Pincushion Man we don't want another taxpayer dime. We don't want you funding yet another cabinet position in big government gobbling up $8 billion a year from the beleaguered taxpayers.
How in the heck would anyone know at this time?? Lies
The taxpayers of Owetario should be presiding over a modern day auto de fe of Wynne.
Rouge Chimp - You have no sense of humour, lighten up. "dehumanize others" - ridiculous the media lies - if this would have been your original comment, Chimp would have called you racist, lol
Oh, goody, we've got a ton of them here - can you tell me where to send them?
I love it when the grass roots speaks.
The Germans are going to love that.
I'll flip it on you.....all those welfare programs promoted by Liberals.....do you think there are people willing to take advantage of that system? Does that mean you don't believe in it?
Crapdoodle.
If one reads instead of watching American Idol, one can learn a great deal about a great many subjects.
Farag had to leave. His presence in Brussels was antagonistic to the scammers there. Tee hee.
As I understand, you belong to that same crowd that puts blame for Russian invasion on anyone but Russia.
So this is merely a reinforcing exercise.
Hey, I gave you a Thumbs up for that post. Funny.
I never understood why home delivery was grandfathered in the first place. Home delivery should have stopped completely when the green boxes were first introduced.
Per person allotment? So basically meaning allwing China to do what ever it wants forever because of the size of population. Nice.
guess where our government focus is Keystone
'Mr. Harper?s drive to subjugate the system to his will is something he cannot shed ? it?s compulsive. Party of One is rooted in a pathology of one.'______________Is Harper a psychopath? Just wondering.
ummm, the dairy industry isn't a union.
Joe, the second part of your 'nym is extremely well chosen.
$48 billion dollars was transferred to the Egyptian military to fund the coup. Seems that buying friends for Israel doesn't come cheap... but it's unfortunately still possible.
When will one Reform MP stand up for the rights and freedom of Canadians?
Better an MRI than rhino horn and bear gallbladder, I suppose. Sigh.
When alpha-male behaviour doesn't get men laid, that's when it will stop. But as long as women are attracted to alpha-male behaviour, it won't.
Maybe we can look forward to the same scrutiny to Olivia Chow and her husband's use of prostitutes.
Is this article another Senate application?
Well, at least the VW response wasn't ' Hackers must have done it '
Sounds great but do you think anyone will actually admit to voting Liberal? Just raise the rates from everyone who is dependent on the Gov't for a cheque because they are most likely the ones who voted for the Liberals.
You're wrong. I find the fact that you call a great Prime Minister 'effeminate' completely understandable.
It is certainly bringing forward some angst. :)
Are you Obi Wan Kenobi? Is your next line to tell us that we will never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy?
The headline is misleading -- a cheap sensationalist attempt to get us to read the article. Nowhere do the authors predict Trump will win, only that we should prepare for the unexpected in this bizarre election year in the U.S., which seems prudent.
Because to thousand of racing fans even having the welfare and EI fools out there losing to the slots is an embarrassment tot the sport of horse racing....why add to the problem?
Talking of cheap shotsThe Great Malumba is taking great cheap shots at HarperI am calling you out, O Great Malumba
I don't see that the conclusion of this column adds anything of value; of course the solution to underemployment is employment. Any other bright ideas?
The Court's ruling is to control those who know the value of everything and the price of nothing.
Okay, I'll buy that. And what word do you use for unaccounted impacts of climate change that we end up paying for through health care budgets, disaster relief, or infrastructure payments?
There's no pixie dust that will do that all by itself. It's going to require participation of both parties to pull it off successfully. When all one party can do is blame the other NOTHING will change.
Nice spin though
Hamas is not WWII Resistance it is a governing body in Gaza.
While a few people have made some responsible pertinent comments, it is so sad that such a high percentage seem to be only interested in posting very hateful remarks.
Steal it? Your then implying the money is missing? You must then be implying that the money is private accounts? Please bring out your proof.
His mug shot from Hawaii is hard to beat.
Really? Einstein, even chev put a gas engine in an electric car and it doesn't normally leave the ground.
Bashing has nothing to do with it. But putting China forward as an example of minorities treatment was completely off base.
With a year to go before the 'big show', what new 'gems of wisdom' will come out of 'Le Dauphin's' mouth?
hardly compelling and pretty easy to say after the fact
Mandatory carriage is not good, but CBC mandatory suction pipe to my wallet is even worse.
When you hide your face in public, you diminish yourself. It is not about other people.
You are certainly showing your youth. Obviously, you know little of our history. A word of advice. Don't blindly follow anyone and hold all to account... even the ones you have a crush on.
The Liberals are the masters of making the goal posts so wide that every punt scores, the opposite of principled foreign policy.
interesting how he is dead silent on canada east. but keystone, bc and even the north... he is a big boosterconclusion harper despises the east
It's time for Putin's regime to do some navel gazing and realize that imperialism is so pass?.
I don't recall Canada dropping bombs on India before terrorists in Vancouver put a bomb on a plane and killed 268 Canadian citizens.
Margaret, Enjoy!
Including Trumps clothing line.
There may be 500 million farmers growing on less than a hectare, but that 500 million hectares could just as easily be 20 farmers in Brazil.?True : however which is better to have 500 million employed or just 20 people employed.
There is no meaning to the middle of a doughnut?
Bill Maher made an interesting remark the other night to the effect of: Since they hate us for being in their lands, why not just get out of their lands?
Sorry, I don't share your opinion although it could be true, I sincerely hope they've given it more reason and consideration that that.
Too little too late for him. He has gone too far rightward beyond progressive conservatism.
And what is Hudak planning on doing about it? Hmm? Answer: Not one thing. All Tim wants is you to work for less. Period. Now, if you are okay with that, by all means vote for Hudak. The rest of us don't.
Chris Jenner? Dina Lohan? Kathy Hilton? Mrs. Bieber? Great mommies one and all. Their multiple husbands were lucky to snap em up!
The Supreme Court will take YEARS, as usual to even look at this matter
Arguing about who is morally superior seems to be a western obsession, no doubt coming from the Bible and monotheism, but boy is it tiresome.
yup neither of them got a single vote
it was sarcasm.
Canada is helping to stand up to the Russian bully boy in the Kremlin. We can be proud of that.
Guess men would be better off finding a feminist who enjoys sex then. You'd think we'd learn.
9.5 for you for Smugness toward Americans! Way to keep yourself in medal contention! You have obviously been pracitising a long long time to be this good! - The Elephant - it the room!
Not me - but I await the revelation from the curly guy with the Trudeau halo in eager anticipation ....
Of course they have freedom of expresion, d2012. They doesn't explain their determined refusal to become even minimally informed first.
That is an interesting rebuttal. How are young males terrified of competition when the proposed hiring practices are anything but a competition?
Me too because PM Sunny Ways Selfie is a liar and a fraud and not very bright.
Yay, Republicans: Boo, Democrats. Shameful one-sided ideological reporting.
The West is too much the missionary of long ago eager to convert a state based on tribal foundation to the joys of liberal democracy. We continue to pay a steep price so such hubris.
Manning's comments are relevant but also did Pamela learn entitlement during her employment as Canada's Consular General working for the Government in New York City? Just thought I'd mention it.
You are making selective references to history. What is happening today is more like 1956 when Russian tanks were sent into Hungary. In 1956 the world was focused on Suez and did nothing. Today the world is focused on ISIS and doing nothing.
I seem to have struck a nerve with you. Now, just imagine, how you would respond if I said you had not integrated well and questioned why you were even here.
Good point. At least one quite reputable study (I have a copy) found that former residential school students are more active in preserving and promoting their native culture than Aboriginals who didn't attend one of those schools.
With Israel the Liberals are the same
Where is the explanation from Paulson as to why Nigel Wright wasn't charged?
With kind of insight and logic, why should anyone take seriously anything te globe has to say going forward much less pay for it.I will be calling the subscription tomorrow.
'Rob Ford needs to end the sideshow and be a true leader' ? Good luck with that!
As Margaret Wente pointed out, the officers tasered the victim AFTER emptying a clip of 38's into Yatim. They had the suspect cornered. He had no hostage. They had a taser at the scene. Why did they not use it BEFORE shooting him?
'He (Rae) is a partner at Olthuis Kleer Townshend, a law firm that acts for First Nations across Canada.'Sounds an awful lot like you and your law firm have a vested interest in this Bob.
Just keep blaming others for the fact that the CPC is not forward looking but backward looking. The same strategy is really working for the Ontario PCs who have been reduced to being nothing but a rural rump party of grumpy old people.
We should never mention 'middle-class'!Canada isn't a class based society. Call it middle income earners, high- or low income earners, but not class. This is not India.
Ashley Smith
U-Sage: Where was your "outrage" when harper was doing the same thing?
The US has defeated Iran's two greatest enemies (The Taliban and Saddam Hussein) in the past 15 years, and trying to take out a third (ISIS). Why don't they how the love.
Saw an interesting article elsewhere today on the waning study and influence of Mandarin. With all due respect, plug that into 'sphere of influence'.
And Natives wonder why we just shake our heads and ponder what the hell would work for this disorganized rabble?
We have literally dozens of areas where the private sector provides service. In fact most of our needs. It works. Why not for health care? (The US is a sample of one, and in most areas the US is in trouble.)
In a democracy, there will be right wing parties and left wing parties and centrists. That is what democracy is all about, and is something Putin and his propagandists do not understand
Yeah because that's the same thing... except for the terrorist element of the potential husbands. Minor detail you overlooked.
An adopter can't pay the surrogate? Why not?
Amazing -- even with the sickening memory of the envelopes of cash, the awful Harper decade makes Mulroney look almost golden.
Oh please, the NDP, Libs and especially the Greens would talk your ears off on the topic of changing the electoral system, given half the chance. Not that your ears would convey much information to your brain.
Okay, peons, get the lesson. The media are the bosses. Don't interrupt them when they're doing their dirty business or suffer the consequences.
That was a stupid comment!!! Canada's middle class is better than the USA NOW!!! Unions and there pensions are driving provinces BROKE!!!!!
This anti - Harper fixation of the Globe & Mail is getting tiresome.
But at least he will try. I think that counts for something in a context where the Dems are lining up to turn the country over to the globalist cabal.
Rob Ford should be automatically disinvited and barred from any public or private functions that carry any measure of respectability.
Yes the REPUBLICANS said they had WMD's and the media reported what the PResident of the US said. Exactly our point - can't trust politicians on their own
Yes it was the Libs who sent the military to Afghanistan and then Harper kept them there until was politically undesirable to have them there. So?
Yes Steven Harper is his worst enemy, not the weather or natural disasters. He has surrounded himself with people way over their heads and Canadians are unhappy with him and his choices.
Murder by cop. Is this being investigated?
Two problems with that. What is that address no longer exists? Second, why should one address allow for two groups to vote for it? One that lives there now and one that doesnt, and hasnt for decades? Imagine the abuse that could cause!!!
Mambo BananapatchWould the Russians sabotage their own Olympics by deporting an entire country's delegation in front of the entire world? I doubt it.-----yes put the ball in russia's court and let's seethe rainbow ball, that is
Teleology, Where were you 35 years ago when The Work Farce was telling Canadians we're being had by the corporate government profiteers taking advantage of multiculturalism and the fear of being labelled racist?
When governments turn their backs on evidence-based science (egs. Prime Minister Stephen Harper, Ontario Minister of Health Dr Eric Hoskins...) modern society is threatened from within!!
The plunging price of oil and the impact on this guy's cushy job is going to get his attention real quick.
moot point -- she is Canadian. She speaks to you as one Canadian to another. If you don't bother reading the article, then please don't bother posting a comment.
I'm tired of this continuous self flagellation of our horrid treatment of our native Canadians. You are right, integrate them into Canadian society.
The headline should read ' As Terrorists Ramp Up, Trudeau Ramps Down '
Oh, Darcy.... you're so full of yourself judging others without reflecting on your own silly comments ..... soooo obvious
Let's not forget that the previous Liberal regime under David Petersen also left us with significant deficits. (NB, I am not making excuses for Rae, who was a complete disaster in his own right).
nominated for one of best posts here.
Natives, not Indians, India is where Mumbai and Calcutta are large cities with the Indian Ocean walloping the shores...
Is that your way of telling us you don't have a science degree?
I just can't believe this is the Canada of my childhood. The Globe is beating the racsist Hive.
Trumps wisdom and his profound statements will easily fit into a 15 second clip the day after...
Logical thinking is not a strong point with many in the G&M Commentariat
hahaha, good chuckle and visuals from a well written story. Glad it all worked out for you. Happy Canada Day!
Balls. If anti-austerity were as widely opposed politically as you claim, it would not be practiced. My Corbyn was elected because the Blairites brazenly sold out the British working and middle classes. And they finally clued in.
U know, I got to agree with U, its fun until U crash.. pot can give U too much guts while driving, U don't get scare when high, not as much, so U can push harder. Hey get out of my way, I'm coming through, like it or not
Do you want a talker or doer for president? I want a doer.
Dumbest statement ever! If I am doing nothing wrong, then why are you spying on me?
YOU NEVER USE GOOGLE EARTH? DON'T USE GOOGLE. I GET ADS FOR TRIPS TO CUBA ALL THE TIME. AND OLD AGE HOMES. SO WHAT? YOU WANT THE INTERNET TO COST NOTHING? THERE MUST BE ADS.
Now tell me what bigger farms and centralization agricultural services do for small/medium sized prairie communities. You didn't even consider it did you.
Except capital is not going to Alberta because of $30 a barrel oil and much of the new oil that needs to be developed is not profitable at that level. O'Leary is just taking on the same Conrad Black role when Bob Rae was in government in Ontario.
This is one issue where Gee is 100% right and Hume 100% wrong. But I'm sure Mel Lastman would support Mirvish.
Well, Doug, if you're ready to admit the benefits to the grandkids.
No wonder he had to remove himself from his foundation. He is probably Canada's biggest narcissus.
Kayaks_rule - no, 3P wasn't joking. Some posters on here are just completely without humor. Usually they're the same ones accusing everybody else of being humorless, e.g. 3P's post above.
Stop citing wattsupwiththat. It is pseudoscience.
Trust Rob... to do nothing
Ah, so it really is racism, eh?
One might be tempted to include the G&M moderator ....
No. He will not make an active effort to disenfranchise women. What world do you live in where that is even remotely possible?
wente is merely copying the process that climate change denyers use.
and sometimes much, much worse Anie
This article is focusing on the impact on Ukrainians and Ukraine -- doesn't mean others didn't suffer. The Holodomor, though, was an assault on the Ukrainian people, who were mostly farmer/peasants and who resisted collectivization in large numbers.
Ah yes, but it's raw meat for his base.
Let's also hope that the divorce settlement gap also closes.
Mr Simpson, you know very well that the American term 'medicare' does not apply to the health care system in Canada.
He has thrown her under the bus one more time.
No it's not. Watch the interview.
right... she admitted she emailed podesta....
What/who is "The Left?" And if I suspend disbelief for a moment and accept that there is "The Left," then what/who is "The Right?" Do they also "force people NOT to have speech period" as well? Pal.
Loser's defence. Why not a fire off a stinging rebuttal instead of hurling adolescent insults? Unless you have none and 'what else can you do?'
Taqiyya is one of islam's worst achievements.
You think the Globe and CBC are not rightwing currently? Good grief. The Globe endorsed the Harperites!
Never start a war you cannot win.
If it keeps my taxes down, I'm good with that.
Veterans from the ROYAL Canadian Navy and Air Force could always ask the Queen to use a very small fraction of her vast fortune to help them...
Before the world ends? Give me a break. The list is so short sighted. Looks like the title was being sensationalist to draw in readers. Humbug on bad writing!
Worse - Cruz
Yes thank you Mr.Simpson for you consistent critical feedback. The status quo would also like to thank you.
Feminism isn't a coherent philosophy. It's a movement, and movements end.
Take a rest Lamont. The comparison between Alberta and Norway sticks and you don't like it.
Ivy BlackUntil MY agenda is addressed I won't be financing anything by the Church. --------------YOUR agenda? it seems you have YOUR own church alreadyso you should finance your own church
Ontario hasn't had a population of only 6 million since, I would estimate, the 1960s.
Alceste, please point out who on this thread has named her a citizen of convenience...
I find it fascinating that Alberta is expecting so much sympathy from the ROC about their current situation while offering so little to others. Nevertheless, they have it. Now that's a case of the haves and the have-nots.
Already taken care of , our Prince will see to that.
In fact, I seem to recall that the G&M did as well.
T.D. McGee making a fool of himself once again.
The mob are usually ignorant. Lincoln also believed in racial superiority so when is his monument coming down?
C.C. they can't play that again, it was the original version of what Harper said happened. When things got sticky he changed it to fired.
A pointer for Liberal supporters. A reference to Harpo or to Nazis regarding the Prime Minister means that your comment goes into the electronic version of the oval filing basket. A least try to be adult here. This is not a children's magazine.
The Globe replaces the letter from the former PM's et al with this partisan hack?
Palestinians wanting peace? That's like ISIS wanting peace. Their resistance is in the toilet. Just look at their surroundings and what their resistance has achieved. Rubble and squalor.
You're not the only Canadian, but you may be the only idiot.
Wente?s source is from Iran himself and well educated, and he is one of the harshest critics of immigration in Sweden who has bought the whole right wing homophobic xenophobid package.
Well said, we keep having to start over again. One gets the sense that activist, media and politicians utilize it for their own personal gain!
Such cynicism inherited by the son from the fatherfor many this was the Friday night out that they could affordyou would not mock the poor who lined up for foodshame
Denier logic: A. Look at all the thumbs down you got! It proves you're on the right track! B. Look at all the thumbs up you got! It proves you're on the right track! C. Look at how few people voted! It proves you're on the right track!
Tell that to the many of us who are either looking at pending illness and death or those of us who have watched their friends and colleagues die. DG you don't know what you are talking about.
The way our prime minister is starting to behave Trump is starting to look good.
So then raise your voice! and be heard. The holocaust was an attempt to annihilate a people from this earth. This remembrance does not take away from anyone else.
How and why did those posts disappear in the first place, Jimbo?
I'm so glad that Russia has agreed to send their children into gay friendly Canada!
A good source of jobs for the unemployed are the two income families. 4.7 million of them. Median two famly income $91,800. Unemployed 1.4 million.
And then there is the 1919 World Series. How about the Olympics? What Does print media have in common with both? Losers.
Seems like the attacks on Ford supporters are sounding a little racist here. How ironic from the inclusive anti-elitist left.
When I was a kid we had to hide our porn magazines. The internet has made everything so much more accessible. Not sure why the writer thinks kids aren't into porn regardless of a school sex-ed class, or the absence of one. Kinda naive of her.
Well, all the thumbs down to the contrary, I liked your post, for what it's worth.
Bang on, Jeffrey! Time for a little introspection in Alberta, eh wot?!
No, we don't
isn't that what hitler did'? in the beginning of the end
Everyone knows the definition of a 'refugee', but no one wants to call a spade a spade in this dark story.
say it ain't so Joe, you're a downtown Toronto Liberal, Thanks for nothing and 10 years of McGuinty
Nonsense, we should keep our nose out of those places.
Well said - she is a waste of skin
until you have sexual feelings gay sex and straight sex are just words
If you don't vote, you have no right to complain about the outcome.
Do you expect many international law cases to appear before the Supreme Court of Canada?
' create enemies among our population'No creation required....
Would love to hear someone say they are sorry for all the Iraqi and Afghani families that have been butchered. Oh, I forgot ... U.S. lives are worth more.
Yes I am a public sector union member; I'm also 60 years old, and I've never voted Liberal in my life. The arrogance and assumptions some of you commentors make is astoundiing.
Glad to hear it. Obama's environmental stance is getting through.
Hypothetical????????
Swee: So Switzerland is now a red herring?
Wrong. The diplomatic machine cannot work miracles. They do what they can but they cannot force another government to act. And, don't forget, Fahmy was an Egyptian citizen when he was arrested so there was absolutely nothing that Canada could do.
snufflupagusHowever the police won. They are free to violate the Charter. See my post two before yours.
Already happening now, and down the road: 'multiculturism' confers heterozygosity confers hybrid vigour that is good for the country.
Dear Laugher the National POst does not publish on SUNDAYS so what do you mean "this morning" ?? this morning on TV Harper was leading by 1 % over NDP the tide is turning because of Harpers Syrian refugee policy
Scared little man. Try to find a ball sack on ebay.
Well of course immigrants are going to vote Liberal. Liberals are more likely to allow wide open immigration, reguardless of its effect on the economy, than Conservatives are. Your dance with the one what brung ya.....
Moral outrage from the same editorial board that endorsed Harper.
Evan Lewis - When you consider simple flirting as rape, and start misusing a label like that, you hurt the very women you claim to be trying to protect.
To say your anecdotal evidence for abuse by welfare/EI recipients pales compared to the corruption perpetrated by the wealthy would be a massive understatement. So basically, so what?
'Dr. Six' is not one doctor but six doctors billing together under one number.
As do these comments in many cases.
That is exactly what the victims were doing. How can you suggest anything else?
Targeting foreigners for distorting the job market = racistTargeting foreginers for distorting the housing market= sounds policyLeftist logic is amazing
How exactly do the sophomoric twits on the ed board imagine it's possible to make a 'bona fide' decision to commit torture?
WestLight - good post ! We have been a branch plant operation for most things technical, subsidized by governments trying to attract ' jobs '. Far be it for Canadians to get off their socialist leaning pots !
Yes, but that leader should reside in Canada permanently.
727 words, 3696 characters (4,424 with spaces included) all in one sentence. I aspire to read the whole thing. If not I'll leave it for my children and then grandchildren to finish.
but at least neither of us have 'language police'
I would love to see all the court challenges that would arise as a result of putting a carbon tax on imports and exempting it from our exports.
Agreed. Men step up to the plate. These men/boys are begging for role models. Your job is very important, on how to teach boys to be men.
Yeah, we'll see how miniscule 6 months from now and 6 years from now.
You mean she should write about a topic you choose, not one she chooses?
Next we should have robo-soldiers. We shall not have PTSD any more.
Good unionista propaganda.
OK Reformacons, here are your talking points for March 2015....
The mantra of the neo-cons like Harper back to Harris is always, 'profits before people', and yet people continue to let these evil men run the country.
Yes - anyone who puts his career and life on the line to stop North America from becoming East Germany is a hero and patriot in my book.
and with any luck he will soon be the same inside Canada too!
We've stopped going because of the noise from the soundtrack and people who talk as if they are at home.
How many people vote NDP & Liberal , about 50%+. Maybe the people who think the country is going in the wrong direction should be using Google maps.
Margaret Atwood bores a lot of women too.
Canada may be looking at PM Mulcair in October - perhaps in a Minority situation.==================================================That is good. Then Mulcair can be evicted easily before any damage is done.
So you're trying to justify Harper's sitting on this for 8 years? Not working.
The pro-abortionists on university campuses know something about curtailing free speech.
Do you mean like, in a sauna or something?
If there is a Quebec referendum, then there must also be a Canadian referendum to rid ourselves of the separatist portions of Quebec once and for all.
And by the way, don't bogart that joint
They could go teach journalism at Ryerson. Much of LEAP's support comes from there.
Correction: Despite its name, AMAPCEO (Association of Management, Administrative and Professional Crown Employees of Ontario) does not represent Ontario Public Service managers. Management staff in the OPS are not represented by a union.
Likewise with countries in the middle east ? And if they don't "get it" sooner than "eventually" many will want to TAKE it, ????????????
Not if it was the part of the Arctic Canada thinks it can claim... I in fact would look for Putin to be pushing Russia's interests there alongside China and India...
A country of 1.3 billion is never short of workers. They are always over supplied. It is a stupid myth invented by some stupid guys.
We don't hate him. We REALLY hate him. Not too crazy about you lately, either.
When you lie down with dogs, you get fleas.
Jetson, if it was such an open and shut case as you seem to think, why did it take the jurors 16 hours to render their verdict?
Putin is a war criminal and murderer. He just can't get away with it quite as readily as Lenin and Stalin managed.
Shame on Laureen & Stephen Harper for using Odin Odin's birthday to score political points and pander for votes. https://twitter.com/LaureenHarper/status/579292487384174592
Davis did nothing special, he just lucked out demographically. It's almost impossible to fix the mess we're in today.
ok so you are saying he do what they say he did . . . . but he did not understand what he was doing?
Yes, higher taxes and increased debt.
Three of the jury were black and it takes a majority of nine for a grand jury decision. Conclude from that what you like.
" .. sanest and most appropriate comments .." come now, that is no comment at all - just a political banality. And I wouldn't expect anything more from the intellectual light-weight among the contenders.
you have a very interesting idea of what it means to be a Canadian
Or you should just stop reading that Grant Huscroft bilge. You used to brag about calling the Ford brothers to give them your view - why not contact Harper and tell him to look after his responsibilities.
There is only one thing that needs to be said in response to this tripe, and then it can be forgotten forever due to slightness and irrelevance. Investigating possible crimes and enforcing proper laws is not dictatorial. G'night shills.
are to allow the employee to practice their religion. They do not exist to allow the employee to force their religion on any other employee.
Pretty much, meanwhile blaming everyone (aka the rest of Canada, history, etc.) for your problems other than yourselves.
Whose core? Whose idea of morality? Certainly not mine. But you are welcome to keep to yours, just don't make me keep to yours too.
The US citizenry is armed to the teeth, and so is the country. You wonder why? To keep peace?
The Harper government won't get my vote based on their stupid on crime agenda.
The difference is that the giant oil tankers that Kinder Morgan wants to bring through Vancouver harbour don't motor up the river to London.
Not one LEFTIST commenter has addressed the main point of this article " Can a third orange wave splash across Canada?" I guess the answer is NO then I challenge leftist attack hang dogs to ANSWER the question
The procedure is available in the publicly funded hospitals in NB. So, the NB government is fulfilling its obligations under the Canada Health Act. A provincial government is not obligated to fund a private provider of healthcare.
Clearly Prince Harry is a soldier first and royal second, most likely why he is respected among his soldiers at arms.
Right now, at this very moment, Weener is probably looking at porn or sexting a minor. And how about that pitiful wife of his!
LLucas. Read my post again. You didn't bother to read it. I never said Flanagan, I said French. You guys on the right, no wonder you have no morals. You have no intelligence.
http://angusreid.org/faith-in-canada/ : )
It's up to us to draw the line.
If you need to claim you're world class - you're not. Toronto pols haven't figured that out.
Of course the media should be publishing them. And it looks like the globe, star, CBC, etc. are not. Which is to be expected. The national post is however, again to be expected. Bravo Post.
It shouldn't be up to Senators appointed by the previous government to decide what the current elected government can do.
'An introvert lurks behind Stephen Harper's austere exterior'No, John, what we see is exactly what we Canadians get - a cold, calculating sociopath who will do anything to retain power.
What Shema Khan forgot: Gender inequality is not negotiable. To prove a rape, the event must be witnessed by 4 Muslim men or 3 Muslim men and 2 Muslim women.
The Trudeau Libs have been in office for less than two months. It's going to take longer than that for them to have much effect.
Lament all you want. It will accomplish zero.
Boo. There, I said it.
Cloudy days indeed.
Better to have a fiscal conservative than a leader who trades our sovereignty to China for a pair of pandas.
"One would have thought we would start seeing this kind of crap in the 2nd term!" Rochdale68: 2nd term? The mere thought of it triggers anxiety and fear for me. I don't know if I can handle the trauma!
why would Brad Wall save Ontario? There is no need to. Let Ontario drop.
While I agree that 'giving tax breaks to the rich' makes no sense, there is no evidence to support your claim that government money spent on daycare 'gets paid back ten times in....'Baseless claims are not useful in this debate.
Sadly, you're probably right, w king.
Utterly false agrument. Where does the ruling say that any law firm will be 'forced to hire TWU graduates'? It doesn't.All it says it that those that may consider hiring them won't be prohibited from doing so.
He appealed to the social democratic base of the Bloc, whiz.
Read the book. The little mouse brought world peace and a voice for all the other 'mice'. A wonderful satire of geo-politics and large countries trying to impose unfair rules and expectations that threaten the modest life.
Hopefully, there will be an end to these asinine Tea Party labels that are catchy for the base and crass for the rest. Seriously, Barbaric Cultural Practices and all they could find to rail about was polygamy.
Well, nobody has accused previous Liberal leaders of being intellectually lightweight. I think with JT it's a first.
6 Canadians were killed in Burkina Faso not that long ago... they want to harm you in Ottawa, Ouagadougou, Nice, or New York.
Most nuns still wear head-coverings. Don't make things up to win your argument.
Sadly, our areas of highest unemployment import many TFW because our system keeps our own citizens from working. For example, the fishery on the east coast can not find people to staff the processing plants and therefore import workers.
accepted by whom, I wonder.
If you are Irrational, don't make stupid comments, make rational ones 'We will only pay for the who get sick through no fault of their own; the public should not be expected to pay for life-style diseases.'
Canadians deserve a reformed senate, yes. While we're at it, how about a new national paper of record? The Globe is so pro-PC its ink line should run blue!
I'm trying to figure out if this is clickbait or genuine.
Bowie was so good some of us are willing to forget the statutory rape stuff.
That's Harper's strategy!
Looks like you seek the USA system of government. Two-party state.
Bibeau also believed in conspiracy theories. That's how it starts.
Also England
You tell him: "those are girls' toys." And you take the doll away from him.
60,5% of Canadians voted against these sleazy, self-serving liberals! So where is there majority mandate?
Ahhh, I see you remember well the scientific, and journalistic efforts regarding the decline of the Auk, the Buffalo, etc.......
Boring. Get a life.
the 'crown' (aka, the government) is continuously breaking promises here in canada, time and time again.
Ronnie in Halifax feverishly clicking the thumbs up again I see. Too funny!
Don, Truthfulness is also lost on Cons
Alright already. He blew it. Big time. Did the world end? Has the economy collapsed? Has anyone declared war on us?No? Then can we please move on and be done with the piling on for no reason other than to pile on.
"otherwise stable and predictable jet stream." Based on what historical record of any lenght?
'Its author probably knows almost nothing about the topic...' You probably know nothing about the author. Now, do you know anything about the actual topic?
Have you ever read a book?
It's an excellent comment. But the problem is, when we look in the mirror, 25% of us think that Rob Ford represents leadership (or at least they did until recently). In a first past the post system thats a real problem.
And from exorbitant pension schemes that are unsustainable.
Translation: support the Liberals.
Stereotyping millions of workers across America as ignorant angry hillbillies is middle class bigotry. America's working class is diverse as the middle class. Many are educated. Many are unsuccessful or unemployed through no fault of their own.
Governments spending taxpayer dollars on terra projects in hopes it will change the climate at sometime in the future , what possibly could go wrong?........lol........
Lies is all we get on 'climate change'. There is none due to our CO2, so they have to lie. Oh, I guess less landfall USA hurricanes could be due to our human caused climate change. Is that bad?
You hit the bull's-eye with this one, Jeffery. Too bad you can't be as clear-eyed when it comes to energy/climate issues.
What's in your mail that's so important? Your Pizza Hut flyer? Go once a week on a nice day and stop your whining.
This must be steve, his first day back will only be to complain about something, then retire, indexed to inflation!!! Another thing he promised to deal with but....
and not much from manufactured foods
Where did you come from?
Well the candidate is playing a rousing game of 'good cop, bad cop with you' the question is what is he doing about it.How about you find out by identifying him to the public to see what some reality brings to the situation.
Pack your duffel and board a plane to the combat zone. Tough talk won't defeat Isis. I'm sure the Jordanian army will accept recruits.
What?!?!? What workplace dismisses someone for accidentily bumping into someoneAnother person who hasn't watched the video i assume
Excellent article good job G&M!
I don't think so. I find it refreshingly research-based without projecting pop cultural women's views on us.
So Russia and North Korea as well as Iran get a pass. Hmmm!
This is just a big fat lie. In TRUTH, French Immersion students do better downstream of their single language counterparts
I would like to kick start Jughead trudeau in the seat of his pants. Harper is a smooth running machine compared to that train wreck of a flaneur.
Is everyone who committed murder unchangeable? How smug of you to just write them all off.
So at the same time that Harper was flapping his gums about the necessity of dumping the long form census to protect privacy, he was quietly instating full scale surveillance. Everything Harper says is a lie?
If we dismiss the value of anyone, based on the mental health of their parents, then we're condemning a fifth of humanity!
APparently Baird & Co exist to salute, click their heels, and yell the Zionist party line.
Restores this reader's faith in humanity - the Canadian variety anyway.
So funny that a little yellow VW car -- 'yellow punch buggy, no punch back' -- went right by my feet this morning. Licence plate 'GUINTY'.What's that handle that someone on this forum sports? 'YOU COULDN'T MAKE THIS STUFF UP.'
Oh please tell us, g.d., about your photosynthesis delusions. Wait while I get some popcorn.
Thanks for the laugh Nankanda.
Who got rich from this "fabricated" crisis? And who is getting rich from denying it exists? The dollars going to the second group are several orders of magnitude larger.
Ford is a child. A real man would have resigned in disgrace.
R.M. is bitterly disappointed that Hilary is prevailing over Bernie... many of us are, but we haven't recklessly gone off the deep end like R.M.
The on
So 'a mentally ill mother' was not a possible answer?
Except public workers!
Wow, totally off-topic, wrong time frame, and an profoundly inaccurate comparison. The Soviet famine was the result of a state-wide policy, not something applied to the Ukraine SSR alone.
Yes, very childish, and sexist, like some kid in the schoolyard, 'ooh, ooh, Justin walks like a girl! Nyah, nyah, nyah, nyah, nyah, nyah!''
If Israel hadn't invaded Lebanon (more, than once) there would be no Hezbollah. If they hadn't ran over the West Bank and East Jerusalem, there would be no Hamas. Where does this end?
Seems like you are asking a Forbidden Question.
I think she's going to be dumped by us - the Albertans who didn't vote for her, and also the ones who did and are now really, really sorry.
Exactly. PKP will blow this up, real good.
And Taiwan, and South Korea and Philippines and Singapore .. you get the picture.
Maybe. But you might be overestimating this guy's foresight.
Why? Care to expand on that pretentious generalization?
Quebecers are bigoted?
You've never been raped brutally by multiple soldiers, have you?
You need to emigrate to Texas
Htemes: He is cutting the 100, 000 jobs to balance the budget which he has committed to do in 2 years, not 4.
So RoFo = Little Trudeau, Looner? I like it.
Nice bit of satire.
It shows that Harper's decisions are so bad, not even his own appointees can find grounds to justify them.
Almost every other country that has health care has pharma care.
Yes AKA 'Grand Mufti Doug Saunders'
6 deficits in 8 years. Soon to be 6 in 9 years. Debt was paid down while lowering taxes for the first 2 years.
www. sciencedaily.com/terms/desert.htm At 10.5" of rain per year Ashcroft is 5% over the limit for being a desert.
Duffy has always bragged that he knows where the bones are buried in Ottawa. Now Canadians can see what that knowledge is worth.
Is this a foreshadowing of the Washington Post endorsing the Republicans next fall and after being elected encouraging them to dump the 2nd amendment?
Bourque is a case for Self-Directed Capital PunishmentWhy not give him a choice to depart this world. As an incentive, his family would be provided with 10% of the savings and a further 40% would be distributed to the victims families...
And they are responsible for it.
No. It shouldn't be allowed. Islam is a supremacist cult, the niqab is one such expression of Islam's settler mentality.
'Europe must reorganize after the Brexit, Ulrike Guerot tells DW. The political scientist argues the understandably angry British people made their choice.'http://www.dw.com/en/brexit-eu-can-no-longer-cope-with-its-crises/a-19353220
You mean the Hungarian Donald Trump?.
We should all feel sorry for what is happening to Canada. And exposure of the Senate's rot continues apace. There seems no shame too great for this government to indulge in.
Thanks, Chicken Little aka GITP. You've done a fabulous job of defining the problem as you see it. You've contributed exactly nothing to the debate about how to *resolve* anything.
The POTUS software is not compatible with Radio Shack servers. Thank god for that..
Maybe the dentist didn't explain that. Don't be so critical.
For exampleHeadline in news section. ' Quebec man with connection to Hells Angels charged....'
Sorry for all the facts upsetting your bull...
Apparently Chimp, your advise to YOUR daughter is to grow up to be a racketeering criminal, who plays fast & loose with state secrets, actively cheats on televised debates, etc, etc...
I really don't think Europeans give Canada a second thought. Does paranoia run in your family?
Blah!. Get real.
With those buck teeth, he looks more to me like that puppet from the 50s TV show - Howdie Doodie, was it?
I loved that line from Powells email pointing out ho her Hubris touched everything she did, and messed everything she touched. And he was a supporter!
I'm sure the members of the Dixon City Bloods feel the same way, G. Who do they police think they are? Investigating suspected crimes that, if true, were committed in their private time? Great snakes. What is this world coming to...
[excerpted from 'Ayn Rand for Dummies'.
He wanted to read up on this issue however he's no longer allowed to read while driving... you bike riding pinko's are all the same.
So, everyone who disagrees with her - and YOU - are fascists? You're just another pouting SJW, angry that you didn't get a 'Participant' trophy...
Anti-homosexuality sentiments were around way before Lenin and Stalin, and have religious roots. They elimated religion, but kept this relic of hate.
Really. She reads like Patrick Brown's Communications Director.
I'd be surprised if I'm not paying GST on my Netflix subscription.
I doubt that the author of this article has children of his own, or if he does, they are little angels.
The thought of Harper having any sex appeal would make most people laugh. About as charismatic as a textbook on forensic accounting.
They do all the time....even Mr. Cohn a die-hard Liberal does. Nice try as usual duke.
The percentage of muslim French is about 10%, maybe less. That's because of the nearby former French colonies in North Africa. Your statement about either France or Germany becoming a muslim state is sheer nonsense.
Then become a bank CEO. Stop complaining and pull yourself up. Stop looking enviously at others and do something about other than legally stealing from them through taxation.
The same arguments apply with respect to abortion services. If only someone would take up the legal battle.
Bruce I'd like to compare those results after ten years of this new form of education
Bernier and the biker chick.
Good comment. You are changing the way people think. Please don't stop.
are you sure?
independentlypoor, do you know what the word 'most' means?
lol, too freakin funny....Harper the mail-cart pushing boy at the oil company for which his dad worked!!! But, folks, let's not forget the 'incredible, professional'experience he amassed working for the Reform party, lol!
FT = First Tribes
The Western Allies need to conquer, govern and control Iraq and Syria period.
Not very well, in many countries.
and we are to ignore the mental and physical abuse within the Christian Evangelical movement, the worst offenders being the Baptist and Pentecostals?
It's likely going to intensify in the near future and lead to burning cities. Generations of social justice warriors have been triggered and there's no obvious OFF switch.
You mean the boy in the closet? Yes - time for him to go home where he can stay hidden.
Hey, (oxymoron alert) Think Right that response is word for word the same as the one you used for my comment. Congratulations, you've learned how to cut and paste!
Really, that is one of the most uninformed things I've ever read. congratulations, Mr. Ford. You appear to have made the spellcheck work.
Richard, are you referring to the russian spetsnaz with advanced weaponry who portray themselves as 'regular' Ukrainians? Nice try comrade.
Just think what it would have cost Joe Blow down the street who didn't have $800,000 to spend on a defense - quite probably several years of his life behind bars.
Why should people who don't vote be counted on the side of the status quo?
I think BLM has embarrassed themselves into obsolescence so next year is a moot point.
'...seems to have ...?seems?That's an oddly generous choice of words.
Same could be said for London, Hong Kong, Singapore, and NYC. Problem is even those markets got ahead of themselves and have corrected in their history. Torontoians are getting pretty good at rationalizing. Same thinking went on in Vancouver.
The tunnel behind York University is essential to a true understanding of marriage and class divide.
You got that backwards.
PETA thinks we shouldn't should kill people. Illogical. Hypocritical.
Flare Stack1 11:15 AM on March 5, 2013Define 'Rich'---------------------------------------Rich is possessing more than enough assets to make life miserable for somebody who doesn't have enough assets.
Wente has a fanboi? Strange.
True, true. :)
Wente associates good conduct with being upper middle classhow shallowthe number of politicians with bad sexual conduct is proof otherwise
They'll rant, get drunk, pass out on their march on Washington and go home with a hangover.
@dw"Quoiqu'on dise, quoiqu'on fasse, le Quebec est, aujourd'hui et pour toujours, une societe distincte, libre et capable d'assumerson destin et son developpement".
Complete nonsense!
Yeah, before Harper came along, no government ever got sued ever, and no government law was ever challenged successfully on Charter grounds. You can look this up.
maybe he can walk across the white house grounds and elbow Mrs. Trump on the chest if he does not get his way.
Street parties and festivals are not representative of reality.
YO mean the science on alcohol? That's been in for many decades. It damages brains.
Vacant is not a godd qualification for the job of Prime Minister.
And the fact Fox News is the only news source backing this up does not tell you something??? You are a very simple person.
Thanks for that. Very insightful. And just how many 'airlines have you flown in?'
THe right will have just as much chance as anyone else to win It actually helps the right since you get a guarantteed 30% minimum every election which is hugely significant in this system
So, she is beautiful and intelligent. Why have we been so afraid of that combination?
The Trudeau Liberals are now going down on the same path as the Obama Democrats.
This just in: people who are opposed to the Conservatives are opposed to something the Conservatives create. Next story?
@It_IS_All_Harper's_Mess All politicians love the uneducated. Makes their life a whole lot easier.
Fatuous drivel.
Typical Liberal.
Thanks for my morning laugh!
So, you don't agree with the IPCC or you can't understand it? I suspect the latter. You obviously did not understand the statistical trend line calculation.
' We in Canada 'Get serious. You in Canada had no idea Canada participated in the Korean war and when you were reminded of it wrote that it was trivial, still clueless. A whole host of reasons why you're a Russian troll.
Right. Because as long as pilots and surgeons had penises, no one ever worried about merit, right Dr. Smith?
How many budgets did Harper balance?
That would certainly be ideal, but I wouldn't hold my breath waiting for this if I were you.
Electoral reform is one reason why I voted for him , we will see if he is a man of his word or not very soon .
If you do not respect Canada as a constitutional monarchy, Do not become a Canadian.
It's still crap.
Mike is laughing, he looks like roses next To that Monty Python act running Ontario into bankruptcy!!!
This sins of slavery were paid for by the blood of the Union soldiers.
Seek help...
The second any Natives sets up a road block stop all welfare cheques. Why should we be paying Terrorists to terrorize Canadians?
Stop calling him a racist. It's really becoming pathetic.
I think you're conflating several premises in your answer. It's not gender inequality that is barbaric, but the particular consequences of such a position and world view.
Got 'clean away', did he?
Yeah, I know. Life just isn't fair.
Considering that the historical record says that Julius Caesar was openly bisexual, I would think that trying to make an issue of homosexuality at that time would have been likely to incur significant official displeasure.
No we shouldn't follow Washington blindly, but we should limit the occasions where we disagree to those important to Canada. Why? Because we have lost just about all remaining leverage with the US now that they are self-sufficient in oil and gas.
Up - You somehow imagine that you could offend me. Not a chance, cupcake. I'm not some Social Justice Warrior demanding a "safe space". Get over yourself. Only persistent stupidity offends me. Oh, wait...
Hey guess what Jack - you blew it. You resorted to personal attacks rather than addressed the issues. At all. It looks like us 'ambulance chasers' won one on you.
And bringing in a million immigrants every three years, many aged, and none having contributed to our health care system isn't straining our medical resources?
Protect its citizens? Permanent war is perhaps not the best way to accomplish that. Just saying
True, but if you want a laugh, check out the comments at the National Post. You'll want to take a shower after some of them.
Are you Caitlyn Jenner?
That has nothing to do with separation of church and state.
Yes, you do continue to live in a potted plant world where the sun don't shine.
Through its own various and repeated blunders ...this government keeps proving that the average IQ of its membersis negative (that means 'worst than zero')
Richard Wright, you can answer you own question by go to Pubmed or search Google scholar and, search for things like chronic effects of mold, chronic effects of smoking cannabis etc to find out some of the long term effects of smoking cannabis.
Of course this harasser should lose his job. As a man and soccer fan, there is no excuse for this behaviour.
. . . and over 50% of all teachers will decide to do exactly that before they have completed their first five years on the job.
tRump is dWinner ....!!!!
Is this Orwin guy another imported American neocon? Sure sounds like it.
For exactly the same reasons, as a male, I do not go into a bar waving a fist full of money and proceed to get drunk. One's safety is firstly one's own responsibility.
'Mother Canada'? I think 'Mother Goose' is more like it!
Stealing uranium? Canada made it out to be much bigger than it was in reality. Plus what annoyed Canada was that a non white nation fooled them. If it was the US or the Uk, they would have kept the whole story quiet.
It came from Ottawa: Heehee. Thanks for the laugh.
This is because of the jet stream movements across North America. It is not because of the equator tilting.
That's a lot of 'ifs'. Maybe this maybe that. If 'green' can't live without subsidies it doesn't belong.
You missed the point, Meli.
I'm not sure I understand your point?
Tell us more about yourself so that we know how to receive your post.
He's a bobble-head, a sock-puppet....only suitable for the role of village idiot.
Uh... yeah, I do say so. You miss that part where I said it? Unless you mean to say you disagree, which is totally fine. By all means, explain to us how this editorial makes any kind of rational sense.
I tried to find the book that was written about the theory behind global warming .I could not find it , even though I am a denier I would like to read the theory behind all this hulabaloo .So anyone know the name of this book ?
what side was the G&M on when Mr Harper began demonizing certain parts of the Canadian cultural mix?
Well.. that is certainly an unseemly dilemma. /..
So I guess you are opposed to following Canada's laws then, as the court has ruled on this.
You can't be serious. Crawl back under your rock.
Yes he did, if you had been paying attention.
What if they're attacked? Wouldn't you want them to be combat troops?
And what do you say about the PM's wife's RCMP detachment? Watch where you throw your mud.
This is the single most reasonable Margaret Wente article I have ever read.
Sure, some denial, but a lot of spin. Or since spin has picked up some negative connotations lately, 'twirling'.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3CCh9sk-9l4
Lou - You can't spot satire and sarcasm?
Which are?????
They won't change it because they know Harper was right all along about it.The Liberals lie during every election and a lot of the public buys it.
McDougall didn't have a single useful thing to say except mouth Con ideology that demands faith instead of facts.
A rival for Mel and Jomo Wangala ;-)
Generally speaking? Yes.. as they are loose fitting..
I came to post the same comments. Lawrence really doesn't understand the different meanings of 'great'? Does he really think those who coined the term thought it was a fabulous, excellent war?
geeze, you're not very bright.
Only worth suing someone if they have worthwhile assets. I doubt vancharger has a pot to urinate in.
You are as bad as Jones. Try saying something coherent and consistent.
Agreed, Donald Trump like many of those born with the golden spoon, share a common sense of entitlement. Vilifying immigrates, the poor and disadvantage will not put a halt to falling wages and standards of living for the rest of us working stiffs.
.'uh, the largest terror attack on North American soil since 9-11 and it smacks of opportunism to have renewed interest in talking about a terrorism bill ? '-----Yes..
Ya ?f'she wins... silly comment
Small town cheap.
Here's another 'Economics 101' axiom: the cost of competition is always borne by the consumer.
Trump gets away with outlandish statements and a very dodgy record and everything from the way Clinton wears her hair to the experiences she had 30 years ago is called into question. Different rules. Old and ugly double standards. Get it now?
Well said, 'weaselinsuit'. So glad the story ended well and grateful to the author for sharing a memory that will stick with her forever.
actually it does, when faced with Tea Party Timmy, people in Ontario just made a hard choice...
Canadian 'everymen' are not also citizens of France.
having been to the middle east, yes you are quite right 'they have no idea'.
Whomever the next PM is will come out fine because of this episode. But Harper is toast.
What is Harper afraid of ? Let the prisoner speak. He was a kid when he killed the American man in military uniform in the heat of battle. They were both enemy combatants.
You live next to a base, which of course, makes you an expert. Based on this post, I can see that you are indeed an expert. Clearly, you have a PhD... Proctology I presume.
I believe all the private banks have been made whole and were out in 2009. They have not been involved in subsequent loans
The new faces of the elite: Farage, Johnson. Don't be fooled: they also think the people they "led" (perhaps duped is a better word) are "the great unwashed." Just as Donald Trump thinks, south of the border.
it seems you might not have read the column... at least not with an open mind
Wow. A Rob Ford story where comments have been allowed.........wow.
Devil's in the details. What exactly will companies expected to comply with? Will they dictate changes in corporate governance codes or in the Ontario business corporations act?
And don't forget to visit the gift shop for your asbestos bust of Dear Leader Harper and a glimpse at the $127 billion deficit! All Hail Harper's Mother, Canada!
She's just in a bigger league with bigger trophies.
Notley tried that as well but albertans forced them to cancel their schemes/events
Most of Latin America is besieged by violence.
Do you have a point to make?
It's true that Justin never worked alongside Steve in Imperial Oil's mail-room.
But there is !
So bold in his abject stupidity is more like it. If you really want to look at it, both parties have been screwing with voter rights. That's how the world ended up with dubya in the first place.
What's with her photo? Trying to be Ms. Bowie! Get a real shot for your article!
And with our dear Knotley.
CCFer - exactly !!
Read it again Mel. Even the Dixter Himself confessed that, 'his admirable stance against the Kinder Morgan pipeline' was a big mistake.
Globe trotting, waving in parades, engaging in selfies....and spending money. Tony's in favour of all this.
I was born and raised an NDP-er, but I absolutely agree with this editorial. I don't understand Mulcair's reasoning on this at all, but don't take risks with my country!
I think it's spelled "Harperrhoids".
Read your history...
Agreed, but we also need to put more money into apprenticeships.
Don't worry. I'm sure that when Harper does eventually step down it will be a Gong Show again over in the Conservative ranks, just like it was before Harper took the reigns.
Send John Baird and Marg Delahunty to document it!
Are there males complaining about not being allowed into the teaching, nursing, social work, child care professions? Or allowed to be secretaries? Or is it just you guys trying hard to come up with a talking point?
'Eminence Sense' - how positively Freudian. In case you hadn't noticed, 'Progressive', we just not interested in keeping his Eminence in power for the sake of his lackey party of yes-men like you.
Ahhh, the Conservative ship, soulless and lost, full of skeletons and ghosts as well as some live trained seals of the past, wandering aimlessly in the watery political wilderness. Can it be righted, can it even be revived?
Hang on, I thought we were talking about right and wrong, principles. Why is it ok to stereotype me, but not ok to stereotype others?
And waved his hands in grandious, condescending gestures. The sign of an insecure personality....and perhaps some insight about his unsavoury focus on his 'legacy'
According to the FBI Director's statement Clinton plainly lied to the American people. Of course that should not stand in the way of her 'historic' candidacy. And people are perplexed why the electorates are rebelling. Face palm.
Probably it is banned because of the dangers of overcrowding and movement. I don't know- but I do recall the tragic events this year.
Wow! Have you drank the "politiclly correct" Kool-aid or what!
Calling 'svenjolly' you can come out now!!!
Most anything Wente rants about must be put in perspective since almost every topic is based on knee-jerking. She takes good points to the extreme where they no longer carry meaning.
personally I found recent coverage significantly slanted in favor of Mr. Dix and the NDP. Better luck next time.
Nor should you.
Get a grip, Government. What alternative do you propose that wouldn't end up with biker gang warlords running the show.
A gifted satirist according to Peggy.
Your logic is inescapable. Therefore be prepared for personal slander and snark from the sociopathic right.
Bill Morneau, John McCallum and Dominic Barton are perpetuating these problems we are facing, Canadians need to email your MPs asking these people to be shuffled out.
Yes, and not just Bakken. Flaring is one of the many disastrous practices seen as SOPs by the oil industry. You should be pointing out the carbon and environmental load of BC's LNG ambitions while you are at it.
Not really - there is something SERIOUSLY rotten in the PC party though.
Voting Liberal? All you get is Harper-Lite?, plus endless income tax surcharges and sermons about a "middle class".
you should get a subscription so taxpayers do not have to fund your fetish
Starting with the Balkan wars. That war which Europe and NATO supported had opened a door for the Islamists and Jihadists into the heart of Europe.
'Is it really all that important who?s on our money? Absolutely it is'Yet the column is all about defacing whomever is on the money? (Including the Queen, who just happens to be a female?)Most illogical.
World toilet day ?!? People clearly have too much time on their hands.
Maybe they are just intelligent enough to see through Wente's pathetically one-sided attempts at presenting an issue!
Brian is part of the corporate elite and we must listen to them!
Raises were higher in the unionized private sector, too, jumbo. What's the takeaway here? You have a better chance of getting a raise if you belong to a union.
PLEASE DON'T TELL THEM ABOUT TOILET PAPER.......
Then why don't you pay for it? Personally, I think there are other higher spending priorties should as mental health and addiction treatment, homeless etc.
So Mr. Ibbotson. You don't like it when someone speaks out on something, particularly when it involves them. Sorry that you don't like others to express themselves, being a non-biased journalist and all. Are you a member of the Alt-Left?
W.T.F And exactly how many notches is Sweden above Canada in the grand scheme of things? Let's face it, if Steve wasn't in right now and things were running a bit smoother then this article would never have been written.
Well you are obviously a conservative or a member of the PMO and you are doing it for them. Case proven!
Trump is a fighter and its good to see the R&D folks take it on the chin. Unfortunately I am not sure it will end well. The people may not get served, they make get serviced, which is not that same thing at all.
Not a thing is going to happen until they figure out how to maximize tax revenue from it.
That may explain why the Conservative Party lost the last election.
Unfortunately you could change political parties and the result would be the same. The writer errs when he says the helicopter replacement went back to 2004. The original replacement was an EH 101 which was cancelled for political reasons.
Wow, this article flames the fires of racism for no good reason....it is pure fantasy
Doctors don't want you to eat butter, sugar or drink coffee. None of those things are illegal.
But the pay is much lower and government revenues are much lower. Your 'manufacturing' was based on autos and auto parts; and making stuff for the oil and gas industry. You stole auto jobs from the USA and now the work has gone home and to Mexico.
Margaret......Individuals who oppose the right of women to have access to abortion services can run for the PCs.
Ah yes, the well documented 'massive electoral fraud by the left' scandal! I forgot where I put the link to the article where that was outlined, Eyes-Open, can you post it please?
And you will NOT vote conservative no matter what. What's your point?
Suggest a greater threat to the future is the actual belief that 'leaders at all levels of government (of any kind) can rescue us from... ourselves.
OH yes but Harper first. The people of Canada are going to show Harper that he works for us not the other way around. OH yeah your fired!
No one makes the Public Service look worse than the paid Harper trolls on media comment sites.
I should've added lying, lazy and manipulative.
Welcome to the 2000s. We will legislate to protect the stupid, instead of letting the stupid face consequences of their actions.
Let me translate for Mary Lou: It allowed a beam of light into her liberal blindness. She didn't like that feeling.
They do. It is their political overlords that more often than not make a mess of things.
I haven't laughed out loud while reading the newspaper in a long time. Absolutely excellent writing!
Excellent comment, ChuckT.
So Citizen 1: what are you doing about it if our political leaders are sitting on their hands? Maybe this photo could spur you to act (a donation to the Red Cross, a letter to your MP?)?
A bit holier then thou? I wouldn't work for a boss like you either. Reminds me a bit of the the song 'Signs'
GROW UP ..... IT IS STRICTLY IDEOLOGY DRIVING THIS FOOL
two people in Ottawa looking for Root causes Chris and Justin
The Northwest Passage is only open in the summer. In winter ships cannot get to Cambridge Bay. Maybe if 'climate change' happens this may change.
We need rt.com ... lol
How does your 'guarantee' work?
What a myth. Alberta was one party long before Trudeau's arrogant nonchalance swaggered across the oil patch. He certainly entrenched a hatred for the word 'Liberal'.
Perhaps one Gerald Butts is weighing the options, after-all he is the power behind the throne..
it would be interesting to see what he'd say if a reporter put that question to him. perhaps he'll get the chance to answer...
Good post !
And poor teachers teach because they . . . ?
All true, but the real 'why' is that the others were loyal Canadians, while Harper is a traitor engaged in treason.
Quebec does not have low birth rates compared with the other provinces. That was last century.
And Catholicism doesn't "force" anyone to be an abortion clinic bomber, either. But some take the teachings to extremes. It's just that the extremes of Islam are worse than the extremes of Catholicism.
3 statements in one issue of G&M. Where does hysteria begin really?
Yeah, that is really quite unusual- Doug Ford not holding court on this latest fiasco!
Short of taking selfies and spending billions on the world stage. Exactly how has he helped 1 Canadian? In order to get the god like accolades from fawning media?
Actually, you can pin that one on GWB.
The senate degrades and corrupts governance from coast to coast.
Yes: Fight fascism with fascism. Way to go Harper!
We complain all summer--mainly about the clueless people like you who tend to populate the comments on editorial pages.
Happy, Get off the cross, you need the wood.
Excellent post. You could have got yourself a CRTC license and operated a local radio station in the '70s and 80s doing just that.
Ascalepius, I doubt it. Hahahhahahahahhaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.
because they service all of Canada, instead of low fruit picking
Talk about the City flying airships ('Zeppelin'-style) from the Toronto Islands airport: http://gtaecoflyer.freeforums.org/gta-zeppelin-f3.html
london, NY, and San Fran: a strong economy and income earners to match the housing prices! Does Van city have that??
Maybe "you" do, but I don't and my friends and family don't. If you want to fry your brain, go for it, but don't take the whole country down with you.
If the Lunatic Fringe is against it, then it must be the right thing to do.Carry on Harper.
Yes, and...?The cooling role of dust and aerosols in the atmosphere was hypothesized immediately after the eruption of Krakatau. Do you think Earth and atmosphere scientists have forgotten about it?
Nice to see a Montreal mayor not up on corruption charges. It's refreshingly new.
14 year olds are in grade 8.
Good point. Might even start with Roman Emperor Claudius.
I don't remember as a kid getting that much PE in school. We had recess but formal in school was pretty limited. My school as so old ( 1884) it didn't have a gym. We got bused out one a week to the University gym.
'If the NDP can't make it without Jack! then it is time for them to vote LPC, one time only, then support Proportional Representation.'Except the Liberals aren't interested in PR. Only the Greens and the NDP support PR.
I fully expect that Trudeau will turn this country over to the UN. I miss Harper. I feel that this country had a better future with Harper. It needs to be run by adults, not believers in unicorns and pipedreams.
Hilary Has never had a real job. Sponged off the government all her working life. The left wing media always fails to mention her illegal deletion of her emails or the lying to Congress and FBI???
Somerville has always been against doctor assisted death. There's a difference between a sane balanced policy on this issue and creating a bureaucratic nightmare that will only prolong suffering.
is that right ask the average Muslim what he think of Christian Canadian surprise surprise
So the idea is to not even try? Complete non answer. Pathetic.
"Feminists" are not the majority in any of our gov'ts, who are the ones who changed the wording in the laws. Sorry.
Speaking of which.... How long before the G&M close this down because it is not going the way they want/thought it wouldIt has been happening quite frequently of late....
I've been reading your posts since you were a Ford supporter, steve -d1. Read my virtual lips: too dishonest.
So....when is the first Bunga Bunga party? Or did we miss that?
With an emphasis on selfies.
Over 40 mayors and government officials are opposed, including 21 lower mainland mayors in Vancouver
''your post is disgustingly arrogant.''It is trying to compensate.
As much fun as it is to discredit and vilify a good person who has already done a lot for Canada and Canadians, enough of this story.
That was my initial reaction also. The red maple leaf would have been adequate.
Two things: 1 - His name is Rae, not Ray. 2 - It may have started out as a senate scandal, but it is now a matter of the PMO inserting itself where it did not belong and then trying to cover it up. Hence the Nixon reference.
I can't wait to see Baird and Kenney clawing, spitting, scratching and pulling each other's hair over the leadership of the rat infested CPC ship.
Lord help us all if he's here another week.
Yes, Canada needs the Conservative Party. The CPC isn't it.
Putin's useful idiots are out in full force today
Different labour market when they're 65?Good sales technique. Aegism will be no different 20 or 30 years from now. If employers are cutting employees (principally men) in their 50's they're NOT going to hire them in their 60's or 70s.
wonder if they will have any insurance by then
Well said XP.
Maybe the other spelling gets caught by the automatic censors?
Very good, you contained your 'criticism' to just personal attacks. Well done. You may keep posting.
This is about a mis-use of funds in a system in which people who would otherwise live are dying. Unless the three of you and all the other wealthy types want to pay for it then go to Hell!
Bathroom....
As insightful as they were, I doubt that even the US founding fathers envisioned a state with the power that we see today. And were they able to see it, would they have rejected the idea of an armed citizenry?
But didn't she face an accusation of plagiarism recently, as well? If so, then maybe the job will be right up her alley.
Brilliant comment... you are 'spot on'.
Really? Did you not see Trout Finnegan's response?
Even the Democrats are Hitlerizing. https://i.sli.mg/HOfNIM.png
Skitty, how did you ever come to that conclusion from what I said? Were you with Mayor Ford the night of.......
got any stats to back that claim? Immigration has been unusually high since Mulroney increased the number to 260k in 1988. In 1982 it was only 70k. In 1960 it was 90k.
'Friends', eh? Yeah.....like Arab dictatorships are our friends.
Wow, taking the 10 seconds to reply is quite the heroic feat.
Bombing softens up fixed assets and sure keeps their heads down... all things to do if you won't put boots on the ground.....
Agreed. If you watch the slide, he didn't go after Odors planted foot. Which is where the damage is done. He just caught his loose foot, which was for some reason in the air over his head. That slide was 100% ok.
No, ordinary Canadians support the rule of law, which is not rule by the police. A concept you apparently fail to understand.
I guess there's no need for democracy or respect when you think you're 'the smartest person in the room.'
Bill Gates and Steve Jobs and Zuckerberg rose by meritocracy Stephen Harper did not have a father who was Prime Minister
Well said. by which standards is the current lifestyle of FNs substandard? Not the traditional one, where modern healthcare, comfortable modern housing, and material security were unknown.
Goes to an apparent reading comprehension deficit and inability to relate items to each other correctly - i.e. off topic.
Whoever gave Tom Flanagan the truth serum should dope him up until 2015 and keep him talking.
Here is a link to a site that tells you how to purchase the instructions to do it. http://www.2acheck.com/converting-to-full-auto/
Sometimes one doesn't have to be qualified or and expert to recognize where some expert has gone off the rails.
Why? I think Putin said it best: 'People are suggestible. Most people don't pay attention to details so it's easy to tell them what to think.'The Conservatives guiding principle 'perception is more important than fact'.Best to ignore them.
Yes they have done such a great job, right?
Just for asking "canfan" for a valid reference to the work s/he is citing, I get two thumbs down votes. Apparently some here think of themselves as mushroom farmers LOL...
I didn't say he would be successful. I said he was probably over at the Senate trying. Apparently he and his boss weren't successful.
LOVE ITfrom now on, when I hear that ridiculous line, yours will be my response!!
If you are a true red Tory, there is no way you could hold your nose and vote Con.
Wente seems to have made this up to fit her own thesis ?Did you make your name up?
?xe, xem and xyr?Unbelievable.We truly are at the end of Western Civilization.
Have you ever lived on reserve? Perhaps you should give it a try before you lecture others on their 'racism and ignorance'.
Absolutely! You should volunteer yourself to go over and help out superstar...
Nuclear energy is our best intermediate step. PV is already cost competitive in some jurisdictions (Mexico, Chile [subsidy free]). Combining PV with nuclear and hydroelectric is going to be the future.
Either a tax or cap&trade has to ultimately be revenue neutral to governments. Perhas a day dream ....
I for one am eagerly awaiting the final episode next Tuesday. You know, the one where Steve & Laureen end up sitting up in bed and Steve tells Laureen about the CRAZY dream he's just had about how he spent the last 10 years.
Good job? Why? Does it pay well?
Don't forget their allies - the biofuel industry (including the farmers and fertilizer industry), the solar and windmill industries etc. Ontario was foolish enough to offer overly generous rates for green energy, and we are now paying the price.
How, Rb, do you make the separation of political and personal 'opportunity' ?
We will be happy to let you go the next time!
If a polygamous person gets divorced, and has under the table religious marriages, its easy to get away with this. That is what is going on. Which women in Canada will tolerate off-book polygamous marriages? You tell me.
Open relations, the communists are doomed. Your thinking is backward.
Nope, the progressive's version of Sarah Palin: 'I don't read newspapers, if something important happens my friends will tell me.'
Referencing real science like studies published in the Nature journal, an article that interviews ice experts and statements by a scientist speaking for NASA is cherry-picking??? I think you are projecting your behavior onto others.
Ugh. Watching homeland on Netflix. Thanks for the spoiler.
You suppose moral authority is needed to ask why Trudeau is stopping opposition to ISIS? You apparently have no morals, period.
Bravo. Exactly how I feel.
foxy, I never understood the justification of depriving people, who were unlikely to support harper, of their right to vote.
Francois... the good progressives on the Toronto District School Board said so.
Correct, that is how jamming an unneeded tax grab threw works.
But its when they are ALL corporatist that we have a problem and as they all rely on advertising that's what we have.
I would say that much of it comes from tv appearances, film deals, filling stadiums when he tours. Musicians hope and pray that someone will use their songs in movies. That's been Pharrell's bread and butter... Despicable Me etc...
How can we even be talking about this in Canada? The police should no more be able to search your phone than to walk into your house unannounced and search your computer or read your mail. This is the slippery slope to a police state.
Look at the Gini Index.
"Allowing hundreds of thousands Moslems into Western countries would tend to increase incidents of anti-Semitism in those countries." There, fixed that for you....
Our democracy was paid for in generational blood that did not find it's way from the current religiosity that seems to enjoying the 'freedom to proselytize' in today's Canada....
Isn't mental illness part of this discussion?
Atheistic Canada celebrating Good Friday with a national holiday. Quite ironic and puts a new meaning to ?entitlement?.
and who wouldn't want a government gravy job?
French translation of 'mindful stretching' : 'r?-flexions'
'mommy, please build the pipeline''ok son, i'll do it for you'
Taxes have been going down, Sparky.
You must have loved Nixon .....
Yes, whereas Liberals never ever do anything for crass political gain.
As I mentioned you are full of hate. Thanks for proving it.
happily living (part time) in Calgary for over a decade now
The problem with the Conservatives winning the next federal election would be listening to The Chosen Two Hundred whine for another four years or so on this forum. Or maybe it would be fun..
But we can afford another $250 Billion in debt from the 'Conservatives'?
GM Canada shares are $7.66 less than when Harper sold them and thus earned over $400,000,000 more than if they were sold todayhttps://ca.finance.yahoo.com/echarts?s=GM#symbol=GM
It isn't illegal for an 18 year old to have sex with a seventeen year old.
Then give up you medical licence you have no right to be a doctor who refuses to treat a patient.
Don't you worry about it fanboy.
Well said Bob.
Please. Let's not say anything about the defacto cultural/linguistic fascism in Quebec. Some Canadians are just more equal than others, and in need of special status.
You wasted so much hot air here and still have not defined any specific harm caused by this woman's right and freedom to wear a niqab. I could care less if you are offended and your ego is somehow threatened by her existence.
What bunk. It's gone from lets legalize pot because it's the right thing to do to how much can we make off it. Just legalize it now and work out all the details later. And Justin, in the meantime please call off your RCMP thugs.
ABM - Anyone But Montreal. Heck, I'd even cheer for Vancouver.
Harper's long time collaborator Tom Flanagan called Harper 'a predator.' The grass roots are finally catching on.
Absolutely the primary concern, RJ.
Boy, it never gets old... preaching to women and telling them what they're doing wrong and why they should feel bad.
Canada had a hand in destabilizing this Country... but then Harper loves a war...
The only thing it has done is increase credit card debts and make people go to the USA to purchase while increasing poverty in BC.
Progressive: Turing to Murphy for an opinion on harper is like turning to Goebbels for an opinion on Hitler. No one cares.
No need for a referendum. There was an election. Carry out the will of the people and tell the IMF to get lost.
Any tilt toward the East by the government is purely hypocritical and should be seen that way.
The Globe should change its name to, 'What Neo-Liberals are thinking now.'
NADDS, how 'bout dem Jets?
YES - but is the reverse true?
...are you still in Grade 3, zeb-ster ???
Maybe ask John Turner?
I agree. It's just more of the 'look at me' fluff that lacks any critical thinking.
You still haven't solved that 1201 alarm.
I think Shribman is an American.
Show some grace Globe... I'm paying you $20/month---I think you owe and other readers the courtesy of a serious thoughtful refection on what your support has done.
Well said Ms Wente
Brazzers!!
For dairy products, they simply remove the fat without adding anything else. Processed foods for sure. Stay away from processed foods.
I guess Conservatives everywhere are the party of hatred, sexism, xenophobia and bigotry. I don't mean to say that all Conservatives are this way, but clearly many who do think this way find a comfortable home within a Conservative party.
The G&M has become Harper's Pravda, nothing more than his propaganda rag.
Your medical experience does not inform the argument. It is individual choice and one's own perception of quality of life. All individuals have more experience than you in that regard.
Siren call Putin is the only war monger.
Lots of 'fifth column' bogus multiple thumbs down from both the reform wingnut club and their allies Chairman Mao's 50 cent little red book wavers!
Does this mean the G&M is going to stop endorsing the Harper Party. Their previous endorsements are part of the reason we are in this shtstorm.
Tell your children that HRC had nothing to offer the taxpayers or the country and she lost on that alone. It had nothing to do gender or glass ceilings or looks or what was in her pants suit. Even children can understand the simple truth.
What color is sky in your world?
Ah, but Canada has been 'built' since 1867, in spite of the 1921 Gold Seal ruling!
Think you mean the 'Second Amendment' people. You are right though- that is dangerous rhetoric.
I would not send my son.
For such a clear victory for the liberals, there are sure a lot of liberals and liberal opinion writers like Simpson trying very hard to convince that it was a victory. Me thinks though dost try to hard - MacDick.
+1. Way too many anal retentives lacking any sense of lightness. Relax
Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. The only war the Liberals want to continue is the war on Poverty. After 22 trillion dollars it has been a total disaster. Baltimore got 2 billion dollars from the 2008 stimulus fund program. Where did the money go.
Their shareholders? You mean like CPP or Ontario's proposed additional pension plan? What's not to like about that?
If Cruz is Canadian, perhaps he coud run for PM as well as President of the US.
Google "quandary europe isis" for an update from the NYT on that. It seems quoting from the article and providing a link isn't allowed here....
Disgusting hypocritical filth.
I thought this was a good tribute. I liked The Tin Drum, but can't really speak to a lot of his other work except My Century, and his book of poems Novemberland, which most certainly has significant political overtones.
Mr. Simpson, you hit this spike on the head!
May I suggest that the Editorials be moved to the Business pages?
That's an interesting viewpoint. Are you open to hearing a different one?
The Government checks arrived in the mail yesterday so they're a little slow this morning.
This reeks of an uneducated, bigoted rant against Trump. What is the problem?
Finland is also very socialist and has high taxes on the wealthy, not that you would approve.
He's got it...that's it...it's over.
Maybe, but it's based on nonsense. If someone handed me this paper I'd give it a firm D.
Mulcair and his ilk think the US will do his bidding forever.
as compared to a socialist party that is NO everything i will the the Lib. party of BC any day.
Maybe you are.
Editorials like this one confirm my decision to cancel my subscription after the infamous 'vote for the Conservative Party, but not Stephen Harper' editorial.
A very good analysis Seth... thanks : )
Cherry picked history from the Wile E Coyote of Alberta politics
The North Pole is the subject of this story, not the North-West Passage. The sovereignty issues are quite different between the two.
Strange that with the powers of the NSA, the bombers didn't attract the attention of the FBI, despite one of the brothers' recent trip "home", flagged at the time by Russia. And no, I'm not a fan of what is happening in Russia.
Starting with royalties for the introduction of metal to their culture and everything since then. Other than a few vitamin supplements, what else have they contributed to any one else.
The good people of this country who have trouble making ends meet will have a difficult time with wealthy people who would fire their hard working employees to save a few bucks.
No.Because the frabid frightwing lie about her incessantly. (Have for a quarter of a century.) And the gullible frightwingnuterati actually believe the myriad lies.'Believe me!'
So in actual dollars, 50 cents.
No, it's about who OWNS the G&M and the fact that the Thomsons impose their ideological preferences on the editorial board.
I could care less about vouching, but the new rules on spending and allowing the incumbent to decide who runs the election, all while reducing election Canada's powers..... THAT is disgusting!
Oversupply of illegal guns (probably smuggled from the USA) and the rise of an impoverished and desperate immigrant underclass.
Experienced IT consultants did choose the consultancy route, but new graduates were forced to accept contract, no benefit jobs that were offered even by the big banks.
heywhy not move some gas plants out there????DUHcan't believe no one thought of hat one...
It's true. They are the ones who understand the issue.
As long as your ilk requires the 'Guidance' of Jon Stewart (and his laugh track) I'll say we're in pretty good shape.
Any movement is better than what the muffin man left on the grass, after his decade of economic ineptitude.
mulroney said prices would not go up, he kept his word. he never mention that manufacturers would give you less for the same price.
The surprise would be if any political party or political leader did not have a similar list.
I don't think many here are arguing with the proposition that women like sex a lot. I think the issue is whether 'women like a lot of sex'. One doesn't equal the other.
You my dear are not invisible!
No...next question? lol
Is 'obtuse' an 'obtuse' way to say dumb?
The misogynistic trolls like Kravitz have crawled out and appeared now.
Could not have said it better myself, so I'm glad you did.
So, whos getting hurt ?
I agree. Initially, I considered using much stronger language, but because of the Globe's frequent heavy handed censorship I ended up opting for polite language, i.e., not directly saying that he was arguing in bad faith.
Aaaaand you've just proven his point.
The Chinese Government seems to think there's a problem with Chinese citizens purchasing property in Vancouver. Why don't you, Professor?
YES! Bring back the Diefenbaker posture, not this ugly war hawk posture of the Conservatives
Mosha, Not so, they will do it because they don't deserve Harper's.When are you going to get out of limiting beliefs and into reality...?Hugs!
No matter who is Pres will have the same difficult time. With Obama, whatever he said many would oppose only because Obama said it. Trump being a businessman may figure out how to get things done being more of a horse trader.
Glad to hear you support electoral reform! Now please help put the word out
nice ideology loser
As opposed to the tax-funding liquor and tobacco and Big Pharma lobbies, right? Think it through.
Boule sheet.
Us heathens have NOT seized the holiday. We've simply taken it back...
That's the problem, you don't remember the Klein days. Our debt was GONE and with $16 oil. We had a AAA+ credit rating. We were good as gold. Now we have a bunch of nitwits trying to run the province into the ground.
Speaking of sound bites how about this one:'....how about trying to whip our CF-18s and show them how big they are'
Canada is empty and needs a bigger population. Our country will change, just as the US and Australia are.
Does the G&M endorse voting but not the booths ?
Come to Ontario - we had 10 years of McGuinty and the Libs and now we have Wynne - more lying, incompetence and waste. I will take Harper and the Conservatives anytime!
well articulated!
brophy62: That's all true, however what if Quebec decides not to play nicely?
Multiculturalism is not normal, otherwise we would not have segregated ourselves into separate nations, cultures, traditions
Graft and political donations to all of the parties except maybe the NDP hard core
The Post printed it, my friend.
Well, then... where are their voices?
I know, the hypocrisy by the Liberals is laughable.
'Harper Conservatives run a thugocracy'.Short and sweet headline for you, Mr. Simpson.
Norway has a population of just over 5 million - not much different than Alberta. If Alberta was a sovereign country - like Norway - we'd likely have a similar amount tucked away. PS - You're welcome.
And they didn't offer to forfeit before the game started - they only made that offer after they were behind and it became clear that they'd lose badly.
You can't discuss complicated things with simple voters.
As stated harper never campaigned on the fair elections act, but the libs did campaign on electoral reform. Major policy platform. One I voted for.
There's something desperately sad about posting tiny, off-topic crank manifestos to a vigorous thread as it disappears around the bend, only to see those posts scored down in passing by those involved in the actual conversation.
Nice article, yet not one mention of Beverley McLachlin's recent comments? When the chief Justice of the Supreme Court accuses their opponent of historic cultural genocide, First Nations can be forgiven for thinking they got this one in the bag.
So that tax cut promised by Hudak had nothing to do with people's wallets?!?!?
Justin should challenge Harper to a boxing match
Well as a counter-example I think my opinion of Christy is pretty clear from my posts. I have pretty much the same opinion of Hillary. That should also be clear form my posts. Perhaps don't generalize quite so much?
Funny again , two in a row.
The THREE party leaders?????Grow up.
Oh there must have been a football game. The Globe is playing armchair Quarterback... again.
Beautifully said, Walt. Thanks! Since sanity seems to be a shifting norm in the world, yes, we'll have to be a lot more vigilant...
Breitbart?
Anyone who thinks that this fool was a member of a terrorist organization doesn't deserve to have a job writing for a national newspaper.
Ditto for the UK.
For all the issues that divide Americans and Canadians, there is one thing that both these countries can agree upon, and it is this. Tory times are indeed sorry times.
You expected an intelligent response from Justin Trudeau? Why? Was there ever any precedent on which to base such an expectation?
I have a degree in Cree, maybe I should apply for the Bank of Canada Governor position.
What sort of values? Like watching hockey at the local arena with a lousy cup of Tim's coffee and some doughnuts?
Michelle - where in the constitution does it say it can't have a oath of not having sex? Just because you think you have a right, doesn't make it so.
What do you mean 'corrupt?' Can you give an example?
You need to spell better and better grammar.
Eric is right bob, jeffs got no crediability on this subject. And by the way what is he an expert in???Sure as he11 aint climate change or anything to do with it. Maybe he should try history he might have more luck with that:)
I completely concur with everything you've expressed.
Exactly - read the details - it was his wife who was responsible for the firing not the dentist. And it was their business - they owned it - and they felt she was not a good fit anymore.
Rob Ford is an inspiration to kids everywhere who get in trouble. They can just say 'Hey, I'm not perfect.'
arab and state in the same phrase is an oxymoron
not ridiculous.
On this Ab. is as bad as Qc in other things (most other things.)
Sound suggestions all of them!
O'Leary supports trade deals, favours unrestricted immigration to drive down wages in this country and shows utter contempt for blue collar workers. The only similarity is that they are both blow hards.
No he did not use the word "here" anywhere, maybe you are reading that in to suit your own presuppositions. Neither my eyes nor my reading comprehension are that bad
He's not running.
Because in a union's mindset 'different delivery models' = 'cuts'.
See comment about 'the twinkie Trudeau' above.
Query- Do you just comment on articles in the G&M to display your disdain for Canadians? Fine if it gives you pleasure- but it seems a strange pastime.
Anything I have commented on I have seen first hand. For the record my respect is earned... No doubt a foreign concept to a second nations supporter.
@Alceste, just to be the devils advocate. To what degree does Sona owe any moral considerations to his fellow Canadians?
I totally agree. Germany is going vto regret their generosity dearly, very soon. Hope Canada be careful and screen everyone they let into our country.
And they must be perpetually drunk in Newfoundland as one can purchase domestically brewed beer in corner stores/ gas stations 24/7
To kevinThanks for the laugh ' leadership and commitment to transparency ' . There isn't one minister who has distinguished themselves with an iota of independent thought or action aside from kenney. The rest are sheep and incompetent.
How we as humans treat ANY living thing is a reflection of the state of humanity. Thank you Ryan Gosling, you are an enlightened human being.
Mirabel. Corruption was part of its creation. Expensive and involving three levels of government - Ottawa especially. Trudeau government dominated by its Quebec MPs. Millions and millions of dollars.
dave, You don't make any sense pal.
Starbucks is always looking for barristas.
Harper has been the best thing to happen to Canada in my lifetime. Soon to be our fourth longest serving PM and up there with the other great PM's.
If the public clamoured for the government to make good on this election plank, it would perhaps respond. The public clamour isn't there. Look in the mirror, Betty.
And remember how Harper campaigned on open and accountable government.
but they started the clock again each time you returned to Canada.
Reasons being?
Deepsville.
Insane - isn't it ?!
He'll likely win. And your job at the GTAMail is safe for the next four years. An anti-Trump column every day.
Looks like you need a good hosing again. read Mr. shim's post.....slowly.
This column was ready for print last week but even Globe editors knew how ridiculous it would look sitting next to the 'No jail time for convicted former Toronto drug squad officers' story.
A thousand times yes!
It is piece not peace, idiot.
Peaceful protest is acceptable. Illegal actions are not and should be dealt with in whatever fashion is needed to stop the illegal action. If that means physical force, fine. Just STOP the illegal actions!
Federico, A factual and extremely well written post.
Trump doesn't need a knock out punch line....but Clinton is the one to watch closely... She will fold like a house of cards
Yeah, Eric, don't you miss your tax dollars being spent on 'Canada's Economic Inaction Plan' advertising? All those millions of dollars spent on a non-existent program. That's the epitome of moral rectitude.
Maybe we need still more immigrants from Muslim countries to help us down the road to a religious/fascist society.
Dream on...the empty spot will speak loudly to Camadians who will wonder when Harper can be expected to leave his closet!
What are you so afraid of that it warrants such anger ?
I didn't see a thing that was funny about this drivel>
I agree its tough to predict, so thats why governments should leave a large cushion. Anything left over should go towards repaying the debt, not tax cuts or spending cuts.
Too good for us?You've got to be joking. Ignatieff was terrible.
goalie: Businesses, corporations, prosper from public works. Well then, where is their 'sunshine list'?
Her Reform Party background ... but of course, the BC Liberal Party is not Liberal having left the Liberal Party of Canada more than 20 years ago. But, confusingly, it keeps 'Liberal' in its name.
No one hates them, we just hate some of their practices including the subjugation of girls and women.
Are you sure about that, this was basically a liberal budget tabled...
Socialism is like a dream. Sooner or later you wake up to reality. Winston Churchill
Torture an ugly dog and it becomes even uglier.
Soldiers in our streets, hidden agenda, silly vest and sweater etc. etc.
Hard to say, the system worked for us for more than a 100 years. Now a selfie King wants change. I think not.
What's the worst that could happen? The patient dies?
What trickery and deceit tactics were used here?
Feisty should pertain into the septuagenarian set and beyond.
Wrong. Recall the daily sob stories about the European invasion by illegal migrants? Daily weeping and wailing from Ayed and Evans,.....does that sound like a conservative perspective... And what about the daily fawning over Trudeau??
Well I agree with you in principle but then I thought would I want to employ guys who thought like that and the answer came back as an emphatic no. So what's the solution?
I took care to relate the relevant issues in R. v. Oakes as accurately as I could. But it's applicability to the law Harper proposes is just my opinion. You'll have to decide for yourself if my reasoning is valid.
Thank you Diane Marie.... for your analysis, delivered thoughtfully & I can't wait to read future installments. Plus, why can't the Prime Minister in waiting do what ever he wants? He still has my vote.
It's not called La Belle Province for a reason.
Oh... you have before and you will be again. http://www.canadianbusiness.com/blogs-and-comment/heres-why-albertas-energy-sector-doesnt-need-a-bailout-yet/ "Yet" being the operant word in that headline. But we're done with your nonsense...
Humm... how's that working out for you? Just add it to Mariner's list of failed policies and strategic initiatives.
Harper's Foreign policy of ...Cheques and Balances...
http://www.theinquiry.ca/wordpress/charged/whyte-robert-father-robert-whyte-csb/He was our high school pastor.
Speaking of hairdos....
Ohhh I thought you were gonna say he pulls out his gun!!!! Because the brains are insufficient to make a counter argument....
Sure he can but then he shouldn't have anything to do with legislating education, industry, public health, technology, ?.in fact he shouldn?t be in government if he thinks opinion trumps empirical evidence.
Canada is in decline as a country, this Government has put us in the hole and we are not going to get out of it this time.
RAF FODDER- 'What an arrogant and pretentious cow.'Your empty smear betrays your ignorance & your party affiliation.
One thing than trans and gays really need is a reality check.
Good god. What goes on in your head? Is everything a conspiracy?
Soundly reasoned? The conclusion is absurd.
Thanks Bob... G-D Bless you and yours.
Few countries liked Harper. Many more like Trudeau.
Best comment I've seen yet. Thank you.
Notthinking Right -so, if the Liberals did it, it's ok for the Cons. Is that your argument?
There's nothing stopping you from spending your money on Netflix. The CBC 'costs' you about $75.00/year.
NDP thinks big with national daycare plan.... Didn't Jack Layton and the NDP vote along side with stephen harper against this national daycare program when proposed by Paul Martin and the Liberals ???
All 39.47% of you.
Hordes. But yes...
Don't be so real .. .-)
Making it illegal doesn't stop anyone from doing it.That's the point that seems to get missed by the do-gooders over and over again.
Yet nothing like this has been in any paper or in any media. So where are you getting it from? Link, please.
Ontario auditor general sounds alarm over province's growing debt ? $325-billion by 2018
We are growing ISIS, not shrinking it.
We are still waiting for the Mackenzie Valley pipeline. Why not ban aircraft, cars, trucks, buses, boats, trains, heating, make-up, piping, paints, plastics and 1,000 other demands for oil and gas?
Really? You can't see the difference?
How secular is the current one in Egypt? Not very by the standards of the west, it is just a less fundamentalist government.
earlymorn: you'll get no argument from me on that one!
...and that's why you keep being screwed by them.
And the National Post.
Just one problem, Justin is as dumb as a doorknob.
And you base your conclusions on what evidence?
You need to get a life. Really!
If you look at the statistics, not as narrow as your thinking
dream on-Bush's SAT score of 1206 correlates with a 95th percentile IQ or a corrected IQ of around 125that kid wouldnt even be closeHe got his mothers smarts ............not his fathers
uh, yeves, visit Sweden some day
@formerly, you need to dig up some facts, and think a little before commenting.
'Look how many Metrolinx personnel are on the sunshine list.'There are times when the minimum wage toady is not the best choice for the job. Sometimes you have to hire actual professionals to get the job done.
Michael Bell '...also teaches at Carleton University.'Also known as the Calgary School East.
Aboriginals have bent to our demands for generations. Now that they fight more effectively, the haters whine.
WE don't send our troops to war, these elected back-seat drivers do that with or without our will....
Canada needs its own version of Trump.
north. Where were those tanks in the streets again??
Every sperm is sacred? The little whimpers of each sperm must make you cry
we should be up in arms. i am.
I think you are the one who is deluded.
Harper never behaved in this childish, physical manner.
13 out of 19 male students are 'foreign'? There's no way.
In theory I agree with you, but you won't get ahead with migrants who refuse to integrate into society and forms segregated cultural enclaves - in Europe, 50 % of this population doesn't work, and has become an unsustainable burden on society.
Thanks for the input from the Panthers!
They said they want to 'hate f*ck' and 'sport f*ck' women. This is all about hatred of women because they are women. All the women were targeted for this horribly, demeaning objectification. It is indeed misogyny.
Hobby Lobby provides contraceptives - they only objected to 4 very specific treatments out of 20.
This endorsement is an embarrassment. The globe seems to understand what a miserable leader Harper is but not how our electoral system works. If you vote Con, you are getting Harper.
Did he run as big of a deficit as Harper when he was the premier of Ontario? I doubt it.
Do the Catholic instructors teach their charges about the Catholic Church that protects Catholic child molesters from law- enforcement investigators and prosecutors?
barjona: The Democrats and Hilary Clinton adopted Sanders position on post-secondary education. That was part of the negotiation that Sanders did to ensure some of his ideas were in the platform in exchange for him endorsing Hilary Clinton.
If tolerance is a two-way street, how come the evangelicals don't want gay persons in their university?
Glad you find threats of assassination so amusing, SVR Boy.
complements
What a load of crap. If a woman wants to get elected, then she should get out there and work hard for it. Qualified people should get out there and engage the electorate and motivate the voter to vote for them.
If you live in the tropics, an AC setting of 28C is the norm. and it's comfortable once you live there awhile.
Tonya Harding, Hope Solo. Anyone care to generalize this to their sports?
Strangely, the left were always happy to call Mrs T a Dictator. Today they call Harper a Dictator
Mulcair is every bit as capable as Notley, and Trudeau is finding his feet as well. If anything, it's going to be a difficult choice federally, between supporting Mulcair as the best possible PM v. voting strategically in order to eliminate Harper.
You do realize that you keep harp(er)ing about an event that happened over 40 years ago and the Act isn't even on the books today, right?
If you don't already understand why, no explanation will suffice.
Chance comin ' up in 2015 to get the 1 % outa there and to do something more for other than the 24.3 %. All you min./wagers and part-timers out there: get out and vote in 2015. The suits are not in it 4 yu.
Say:'Talk is cheap, real cheap coming from you'I think that works both ways, friend.
in simple and few words, robo-con harper is a liar.
HRH: he got your attention, didn't he? Whatever it takes to cut through...
Isn't it nice to have a Prime Minister who is admired enough to be highlighted by the world press.
Of course, the implicit message of the op ed is that she too was bold and is paying the price. Narcissistic self-grandeur ripples between every line.
The complete lack of insight by the Ford brothers is frightening. Beyond comprehension.
Bill Bradlee, Bill Clinton, Monica Lewinsky, JFK, Nixon. All Americans. Wow. You really don't have any identity of your own.
Who said anything about terrorists "turning themselves in?"
And these Liberals have NOT closed hospitals? A Vote for the NDP is like a quiet sail on the Titanic.
Brown, Joe - You're both right. We've been screwed by the Harper Conservatives and by the public sector employees.
The Australians have the b*lls to do what every gutless politician in Metro Vancouver is afraid to do.
Dude you sound like bit of glue sniffer trolling the web. What exactly is your point?
She is. Read the news.
as an Anglo who recently moved back to Montreal after decades abroad, I say of course: Nonsense.
No, he said, 'once she's elected, there's nothing you can do about it, folks.' That means nothing legal...
I want some of what you are smoking.
I'm pretty sure she'd disapprove. Most people do.Most people want our standards to be better than theirs.
Quiet ironic that you would write that actually.....
Naturally, in her usual rush to dismiss alternative energy Wente completely omits the enormous capital, operating, environmental, and human costs of fossil fuel production and use, which dwarf any expenditures on wind and solar.
Except the caring health system!
Is this for her Legal defense Fund?
Wrong. Saudi Arabia likes the deal because they have no need to consider nuclear. If you want a nuclear-free Mid-East, it is time to bring Israel nukes under control
I think the barriers for men to enter nursing are similar to the barriers for women entering politics In both cases it's largely personal preference / choice at play
My Acadian ancestors wanted no part of signing oaths of allegiance to the British Crown. Neither would I.We've been here for 13 generations. We need no crown - British, French or any other.
It was an open bar on Justin's inauguration day. It is easy to have good taste on other peoples money.
If 20% of current Liberal supporters can be persuaded to vote NDP instead, the Harper gang will be toast.
After Harper/Conservatives it would be difficult to lose any more respect internationally. Indeed the Liberal position will signal a return to the Canadian way as more concerned with peace that slaughtering innocents.
Whatever froggy can you provide some legit sources for this.
Where do you get the idea that anyone should be doing favours for you?
PKP is close friends with Brian Mulroney, by the way.
You've just espoused the 'fear debt model'. Standford rightly argues that this is to be avoided by governments during deep recessions.
Not enough to properly maintain track and rolling stock.
It most likely is a very good idea.
By that logic, I guess we should completely ignore the ongoing legacy of slavery in the USA.. It was in the past. Get over it. Let's move on...
Your comment came up at the bottom when sorted by highest to lowest. That is disturbing, but take heart. Many of the G&M readers who would agree completely with you have long since stopped reading Margaret Wente columns.
The last line says it all... Play large & loose large... Welcome to the rest & reality of the country AB.
How will 7,000,000,000+ people eat?
The Saudis may be responsible for the current price of oil; they are not responsible for the PC government decisions, nor the PC's management of finances and resources.
Which party does represent Canada? Is that something any one party can do?
add my name to the list of those who do not trust the RCMP... indeed a sad situation
Like your thoughtful and entertaining prose, OldBanister, -- a grown-up, whoever you are. No stranger to words, I'll bet.
Lots of Hype from a "Has Been Party"...don't see a return to Conservative dictatorship in Justin Trudeau's lifetime...
There is nothing positive to write about Harper.
Trudeau means 'back' in a sense Jeffrey can't understand. We are back to being the nice guy, the helper.
Was anyone forced to be complicit? Unless you think that the fact that the husband agreed with her decision was actually him being forced to be complicit?
Or because the NeoCon gravy train has come to and end..
Liberals will use the excuse of 'cleaning up after Harper' for the entire duration of Trudeau's mandate. In their eyes, Justin can do absolutely no wrong.
The Liberals are turning. Anada into a nation of 'takers'....This will not end well.
http://www.cbc.ca/m/news/canada/toronto/ont-civil-servants-given-secret-pay-raise-1.1125170 Here you go. Justify this
This story appears to be in a not so complete state! Either complete it or delete it!
Right Dix... Harpo will ONLY debate in a right-wing forum... who's the coward?
That's good because there is certainly nothing 'ethical' about 'The Harper Government'...
'Whatever the results from last night?s by-elections ? at this writing, results were not in ? the PM is piling up points, and momentum'Probably time to update your column, Larry. The results are now in.
Brilliant reminder of one of Rob's last abject apologies, Stew Fair.
The Harper/Baird 'principles' include the rejection of human rights and the rejection of international laws. These principles are definitely not Canadian principles. Our current foreign policy in the ME panders to a very small minority of Canadians.
Wow....many readers are poking many holes is this article......it seems like some of the readers have done vastly more research than Ms. Wente.....makes for a splendid bit of reading today.
'...Yakabuski is an American-style Republican...'HAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAThanks. That made my day. Yakabuski is a dyed in the wool Canadian. End of.
Earth Man, if you look at IpsosReid survey data, you will note that 80% of all Christians support assisted dying (83% of Catholics). For sure, religion strongly influences a certain segment - the fundamentalists.
If we used the swiss model. Do you think the Liberals could have turned millions of people into criminals with the stroke of a pen?
I still like the idea of no perks for the Senate and paying minimum wage. I keep hearing how politicians do it for the love of the country. Well this would weed them out and without any constitution issues!
CBC is an anachronism. So, too, are many private TV networks. So, too, are some print media outlets. Time ecomic and social circumstances will eventually take care of the last two. Unfortunately, that won't be true of the public funded CBC.
I will do that, thank you.
Stephen Harper has no policies, just right wing ideology. Trudeau does not need to spell out his policies at this time, although Harper DESPERATELY wants this.
Was that comment supposed to be a 'thought' BC?
Publically funded faith based education has no place in Ontario, period. Why should Catholics be treated any differently than any other religion? The answer is obvious and simple, end the funding - or fund all!
You mean like when Al Gore rejected the US General Election results, but lost in court too?
Moon howler - runs out of canned talking points when asked a direct question.
As another article read: The poll results are from that peculiar subset of people who pick up calls from unknown numbers and companies.
Don't insult hammers as they are useful.
Ronald Reagan's policies would be poison to today's right wingers.
Islamic State... this death cult of evil thugs is neither Islamic nor a State. PLEASE... let's call them something else.
right. because hiring tons of republicans with fraud records equates 'less flashy'
hmmm... not so sure about that. I am in favour of Trudeau's current position. I just worry that if something happens, the right wing will exploit it for their own reasons and frame the Liberal Prime Minister as naive.
He was also inciting violence, normally a crime.
The feds can debate those issues all they want. But health care is in the fiefdom of the provinces. It aint goin happen.
except for the ones on welfare
That's not a president's job, Rmiller101.
Wrong again Go!
OK, what are 'our' rules and customs? Are they English, Scottish, Chinese, Indian or what? To pretend that Canada is one homogenous whole and that we all have the same values is simplistic to the extreme.
Losers always put themselves in no win situations.
I think that's the problem with Canadians generally - not nearly cynical enough to believe that someone could seek public office with less-than-pure motives. We really have to wake up and smell the naked self-interest.
Did he give the millions back he made in the most lucrative gig of his career? Whatever you think of Trump, that shoots the ghostwriter's creidiblity completely away.
"responsible journalism"? LMA0! Seriously, were you talking about this article or something else you read from a better news source?
Sarcasm it was Chris, I agree fully with you. Daniel, free your mind and yourass will follow.
OMG the election is over, no one is paying you to troll this stuff anymore, why don't you blow off? Bombing KILLS PEOPLE. You ALWAYS have to explain WHY you do it. You NEVER have to explain why you STOP.
Yup, conservative-fabricated 'news' that 'dominated' the front page of this conservative rag.... LOL
to a liberal nothing is out of bounds, after all they are entitled to their entitlements.
I hope you are not alone and the 10% remember the poor governance that this government has given us.
Hudak calling for a pressure cooker registry is going to go over about as well as his, 'convicted felons should be released from prison to sweep our streets and collect our garbage.'
Yes but wait to see what happens in the election in two years after Trump.
Er, no, reconciliation would not affect indigenous funding -- or rather, it would involve the government living up to its commitments, which it has historically underfunded.
B.S. utter B.S. They pay 8 dollars an hour in Mexico go try living on that here. The gd boneheads are out in full force today.
Yes, I always laugh when they try to use the word 'academic' as if it's an insult ...
500, 000 unemployed in Ontario. 170, 000 in Alberta and so on . Why don't you go there and put those people to work?
Harper and his Conservatives: Excellent penny counters; terrible budget managers.
Tory is protecting his right flank from Doug Ford. It's certainly worth $3.B of our money to him for that!
Yes, Harper is Canada and he will win on October 19.
? TVworker, J'aime bien r?pondre en stupide ? des commentaires stupides comme ceux de msjp. Dans de tel cas, ne perdez pas votre temps ? ?crire un commentaire.
And before you write off Donald Trump as being too much of a buffoon to be elected, let me give you 2 words: 'Ronald Reagan'...
Nothing scientific at all about social science. Just bias and uncertainty.
An utter load of prairie fertilizer.
Great article . Too bad it will go right over PM Zoolander's head .
Wind sock is better then McGee?
What really encourages more violence is idiotic ideas, uncontrolled immigration and courts that are soft on crime.
How is Erdogan's dictatorship called a 'democracy'?No wonder democracy is getting watered down everywhere including Canada and the US. Erdogan's Turkey sounds a lot like Saddam's Iraq. An Islamic democracy? I don't think so.
How can you possibly compare Afghanistan with Japan or Germany? Think of the rates of literacy alone, or the role of women. Centuries will be needed to catch up, if religion ever allows catching up in the first place.
So why is this form of communism be deemed to be a good thing? Shouldn't these folks be given rights to determine their own future?
Oh my god, somebody with ties to ALBERTA. Evil is afoot I tells ya!!!!
Sadly, yes. Maybe the Cons are right about our system only allowing in the worst dregs of society are right - at least about Flanagan - afterall.
"Do you drive a 35 yr old bucket of duct tape repairs to work each day?" In four more years that will be what a lot of Canadians will be driving.
Maybe Lederman is trying to cut him some slack and also explain why the protestor was protesting. But I get your point; diplomats do not attack people.
What does that word mean? Another yuppy Clinton word? Were you trying to say sexist?
How about just plain "sensible people"?
If CO2 is pollution, we really should all stop breathing... Or is the CO2 that comes out of cars a different type of CO2 (maybe this could be used as an explanation for an inaccurate prediction in the next IPCC report)?
I love the way people who hate Harper nurse this 'vote strategically' fantasy. Talk to any political scientist... or read a little history. It's like a drug for you people. It makes you feel better but it's hollow. Never works.
Get rid of the anthem before sporting events. People are there for the sports.
Your comment was pointless jimbo and you are too ignorant to see it. Many people in this country cannot stand Trudeau. he makes their skin crawl when they see him. I am one of those people. Many of us are so sick of the politically correct Liberals.
Not true, these graduates are taught how to communicate, research, and learn among other attributes.
Ron - are you saying JT would shut Keystone down?
Clicked on the wrong thumb, DS, sorry 'bout that. It was meant to be a thumbs up. I agree with you wholeheartedly.
If you disagree with us, we will shout you down and attack you personally. Marxist code.
Kudos to PM Cameron for backing his comments with money and resources. The 'victim' argument wears thin after awhile. Seems like everyone is a victim these days
True, they spent a lot more tax dollars on blatant partisan advertising via the "Action Plan".
Harris, Hudak and the Ford Fantasy, similar small minded nobodies who aspired to be somebodies.
Obama isn't a chess player... he is a poker player... he bluffed... he was called... and now looks ridiculous.
only, You are incorrect, apparently know nothing about the constitution and what changes should be made to it? Who is trying to change the constitution?
Sorry you should check your facts before writing your uninformed comments. Billions of dollars have been sucked out of "have" provinces (read Ontario, BC and Alberta) to give to have not provinces (read the rest of Canada). It is a fact.
A poster 40 minutes ago who accused the cast of 'bullying and shaming' had earlier accused others of belonging to 'Generation Snowflake.'
The NDP is not about to run on issues like asymmetrical federalism. And any party who tries to raise the issue would have to explain how they themselves would handle these issues as well.
Most people born here would not swear an oath to the queen. WHy should an immigrant?
Not so simple. What about a man who has suffered a serious injury who must sit down to urinate? Seems like he and most other people would want him to use the men's.
God forbid.
That was a sad event, couldn't believe the airline steward actually asked that woman to get up for that man. Between that man and Ishaq, Canadian women who show their faces are second-class citizens or 'immodest'. How insulting!
when and how were these rules created? who decide that this is in the best interest of canada? Do other democracies have these rules too?
Have you become so afraid that you would actually suggest such a thing? Get a grip. Reality dictates well-thought solutions.
Imagine, a memorial to Victims of Communism as we watch the PM sell us off to China! Stop this man in October! No aesthetic intelligence, no emotional intelligence and no academic intelligence!
vote strategically: check riding-by-riding numbers as the 19th nears and keep the cons out. see threehundredand eight. com "lead now vote together"
Yeah, just like Canada's hate speech laws don't prevent you from having an opinion. I'm sure you have no problem with Canada's hate speech laws, right?
'with new cities all across the country?'.You're out of your mind.
extreme makeover jenni byrne edition
Strong. Proud. Free. No longer.
The colums was about Trump, not your HDSIts' 2016, live in the present.
california is majority hispanic now.
Yep - their experience was three dimensional reality, much more sophisticated than flat panel TVs. Maybe that is what they want ...
Last year over 70,000 charges were laid for possession - the most in Canadian history This is the legacy of Harper's war on pot, which continues to gather steam.
I agree, but our friends and neighbours freely elected this guy to a massive majority and he's still very popular. The election of Trudeau says a lot more about today's Canadian adults than it does about him.
Very true. Vote Libertarian next time!
Seriously? They've never seen a toilet before? Ever traveled outside your one horse town?
A more important question might shed some light on the levels of support for the C.R.A.P. Why are there few ( if any) Conservative Reformist Alliance Party Governments in a position of power within our Canadian borders?
That article says there are exceptions for persons like yourself
Wish Canada good luck. This is coming our way if we listen to our 'elite' do gooders.
But women three generations ago were also having babies in their 40's when there was no birth control around.
Very on-point comment. I thought the same thing when I read the headline about this individual.
Not too smart.
Jesus wept
How would democracy be affected if their was one government for Atlantic Canada?? That would be terrible??
Soft power did not work in Vietnam. The hard power of the conventionally armed North Koreans did.
Must be kinda cool to write your own history. Kinda sad if you actually believe it though.
I'm good with that, as it would surely be the death of this undemocratic and unethical party.
Canada should also provide military equipment to Ukraine so that that country's army can resist Russian imperialism.
The ability to get a family doctor is highly dependent on where you live. Some places it's easy. Other places it's virtually impossible.
Other cultures are barbaric compared to western culture.
Really, he's not pro abortion? Does that mean he wants to make it illegal? Or to be pro abortion you have to say you like killing a fetus? Ridiculous Racoon.
Here is a terrible thought for you but i think Pierre P. sees himself as the PM in 20 years. Fortunately i am old enough that i will not see it.
You want to stumble back into constitutional negotiations for years and years and years? Things are fine here. If you hate the government, join the millions of others who agree with you on election day.
So a survey done by the Suzuki foundation supported their own bias. Wow, didn't see that one coming.
Obama and his family have been receiving more death threats than any other US president. I think that's why he's provided with that level of security.
you are a used car dealer right?
Let's start with coat-hanger manufacturers.
??????????????
eliza grey, if 'assimilation doesn't work' then what do you propose? Apartheid?
If the firearms in High River had been stolen, it would be because the only people that the RCMP managed to keep out were the law abiding residents of town.
The control and scripting of the RCMP is a huge concern.
Does the LPC still pay you per post when you just copy and paste? Considering they have no money, anyway, seems like a bad use of funds.
I was thinking of the very recent protests in Germany - thousands on the march!
Well, on the other hand, the Globe has some news coverage. On 680 radio this morning the news cast did not have a single word of news coverage on Nigel Wright's testimony. Want to talk about media bias?
But by comparison in this regard Mulroney was a lamb compared to Harper
Socialism succeeds in Scandinavian countries whereas Communism failed in Cuba because Cuba was a familial-based dictatorship whose only ideology was to keep in power a small cadre at the expense of all the rest. Castro's revolution failed.
The Globe has every right to moderate the behavior of everyone using their property just as you have every right to moderate the behavior of everyone using your property. No difference.
I'd just go with fix your own early and anyway.
Fine, but that doesn't mean you shut them up. You speak out against them, not have them shut down like many on the left want with those who disagree with them.
I'm sure our Premier does understand that she has hard choices. You really ought not to sound like a pompous fuddy-duddy.
The dhimmi's at the propaganda desk are removing anything the thin skinned hand wringers tell them to. How much is the idle hunger games trying to manipulate this as they did the Cbc?
Ann Coulter, I did not know you posted on G&M!
@Snowrunner: Beans aren't paleo. It's possible to contain the cost of a paleo diet, but really challenging in some respects. It is a pretty good diet on the whole, but some people take it to a crazy degree.
The chattering classes gnashing their teeth over post-election letdown.
On this forum, puerile, unlimited hyperbole i how the Ruling Party supporters express themselves, by default. Ain't no point in being just a LITTLE bit self-righteous.
Right on Jeff. I was to fearful to say what you said.
I agree - just because I'm skeptical about your claim that an employee is most valuable to a tech company at 26 doesn't mean I'm not generally in agreement with you about this whole scheme, Denglish.
I am curious. Why would you put Harper near the top of the list?
No one is suggesting that. There is no hugging going on here.
From what I observe about many Canadians, don't be so sure they don't support governmental domestic spying.
Maybe you need to read the column again. This time, pretend somebody else wrote it and see what you get out of it.
tenure allows them to remain
I always get a kick out of the fascist who can't read. Of course if they could they wouldn't be facsists now would they. Google 'rail valdez' you halfwit.
Good one, I'm stealing that!
Foreign students pay the full tuition. Local students pay ~1/3 of the full tuition with the balance being subsided by our taxes.
Not a ' bogeyman'.... Simply a ' good kid' leaving Canada to kill and maim in the name of a particular prophet?
Hahaha! You can't get laid on your own merits!
You crack me up Malumba.
Yes, CBC should cancel one of their most popular shows because YOU don't like it.
Ridiculous oversimplification - did you actually read the article?
To be fair, the author is dissing Cameron for resigning. That's okay. He didn't believe in leaving. The crime he did was to bring the whole to a vote when he didn't have to. Now Farage and Johnson? That's a different story.
Those of leftist progressive political bent do not find Wente "superior" But she is indeed
CBC is a propaganda outlet through and through and they do not run news stories that ran counter to their narrative, full stop.
I met a Canadian who thought Canada is a democracy.
Suspect he cooperated with the Mounties assigned to his security detail. What did you want him to do?
Regime change as in Iraq. A formula for chaos.
Are you dim or what? The gridlock in Washington has everything to do with the GOP losing 2 consecutive elections and not being happy with a black president. You are a very uniformed person.
....as a kid growing up, I could never understand how a country like Israel could support the then racist South African regime....subsequent events have now made it abundantly clear as to why....pity!....
Ten paid Shillaries votes to keep you silent.
LOL...............
Way to go G&M! You endorsed King Harper and his Cons last time and we all know how that turned out.
Don't worry, the people in the cities will be forced to pay for those.
Keep electing folks who say that they're out to lower your taxes. People are going to be thrown just about anywhere.
Where is Harper now? Yes, he was turfed. Is that your point, Bill.. that Trudeau should be turfed?
He is voicing the injustices faced by the majority of Blacks and Hispanics. You do know that he is part White himself, right?
Perhaps he should have fired his advisers when he pushed the senators out of caucus ?
Twiglets, not tokenism but it does give her an advantage with a segment of the left leaning population. And the press - the media was desperate to see a black president.
Racism may be a real problem but that doesn't validate every poorly written essay of random thoughts that shouts racism at anything that moves.
I'm not Conservative, but I don't see Tory as a loser. He was right that Ontario's funding of Catholic schools is wrong, but his solution to fixing the problem (public funding for all schools) was wrong, and so wrong that I would not vote for him.
America taxes their citizens no matter where they live. Canada does not. Thats the primary difference.
Duke... don't confuse me with someone who supports your views here... your primary aim on the board appears to be a one track focus on inflammatory race-based rhetoric...
I have no idea what kind of car you are driving but I assure you it is not less expensive to drive your family in it 'somewhere' than taking transit. How did you calculate the cost to drive that car 'somewhere'?
So I take it you're ok with culling humans as long as they're not in your own backyard?
that's why robo-con harper has a 20 million dollar plus sercurity force and a bully force price unknown so far.
If we wait for absolute proof it will be too late to save ourselves.
Still there were more road deaths - why don't you ban cars?
science is not a popularity contest, overned by polls: you oblivious to dissenting scientific views, but try it sometime: http://www.realclearpolitics.com/2013/09/30/un_climate_report_is_hilariously_flawed_316801.html
Are we (Canada) not the only western democracy without a mechanism to remove our leader? We have nothing from any kind of process from a direct caucus vote like Australia to the model of American impeachment.
...and some parents need the curriculum more than the kids....
So essentially the writer's fear is that events may conspire to make Trump 'right' in spite of himself? :)
The moment she gets inthe vote process will start
Ranked balloting won't happen before this election.
No. Old is twenty years older than you.
Firdt and foremost these are Muslim countries and they know what is appropriate in public and what is not.
That would be the GST that Chretien promised to abolish.
Canada has always been a land of resource wealth. Its what built this country. Nothing new here. Harper is trying to build Canada through resource extraction and export. Any Prime Minister that did not do this would be a very poor leader.
Harper appeals to bitter, small-minded people. No one else. He will be tossed into the gutters of history where he belongs.
Wright doesn't need the money or the perks like so many in office.
Not to defend BC Hydro but I just checked my last Hydro bill and it came to just under 10c/kWh.
Move to Zimbabwe
That is rigged Cuban dictatorship government statistics that never has been verified by any independent research.
Art: Please cite the specific circumstances you are concerned about.
However, saying a dog is not a dog doesn't make it any less a dog. Don't you think that anyone appointed as a senator will not be beholden to whoever appointed them? It's the appointment precedure, stupid!!!!
Don't worry, substance will come in good time.
The TPP sell out. Appeasement with China will be Harpo's Neville Chamberlain moment.
Can't wait for the Editors satire on supporting Harper again in 2015. That is the sickest joke played on Canadians in 9 years.
F.T. The famed Prussian discipline predated the Nazis by a couple of centuries.
It is not a Charter issue.
'Liberal' and 'Values' are two words that are rarely used in the same sentence.
Many people in Canada do not want to hear anything about Margaret Thatcher as they believe the government should take care of them.
Who gets paid more for less work eh ?
If you are cycling on the sidewalk, you believe that a car/ bicycle accident is the cyclist's fault? Are you crazy?
A conservative.
RRowat....GranpaTim mentioned euthanasia. I believe he was making a reference to an unrelated topic.
me too. Who wrote this article
That's right. Vladimir Putin deserves our respect & friendship. Stephen Harper is not even half the man Putin is. We can learn so much from Russia...
And the fact that something like the 'dumb American thesis' even exists is hateful.
I doubt they seek anyone's sympathy.
Nothing more than your own personal opinion. Am guessing that much of Canada would disagree with you.
Don't let the door hit you on the way out. Say, Boogey, you'd have a better chance of becoming 1st class if you had basic literacy skills. Why don't you start with Russian?
Yes, paying attention to who turns a profitable spin on prophetable evil by supplying arms would be shrewd. I suspect we fund our own terror in many ways.
A legend in its own mind.
Actually, as far as I know, the Wall Street Journal reported similar information from their sources. Apparently, it was possible to determine the origin of some of the e-mails from the data available.
Quite the ratio Mike... watch your back.
Oligarchs and Media of East and West -- versus --The Elected Leaders of America and RussiaCome one, come all! A contest for the ages.
Change happens when two sides can sit down together with mutual and equal respect and work on a solution. That still hasn't happened.
I think the army has sent a clear message. Run for office but once elected we will not allow you to impose a dictatorship.
Railways and Canals are federal. But Quebec, and the people of Lac Megantic have an interest in how railways are managed in their province, and town.
No appointment, no entry.
They don't look at the chemicals the effluent contains. Toxic chemicals galore, and drug residue pissed down the drain.
No. Nothing of the sort. If you have a comment to post, you're free to do so. But please, don't try to insert words or meanings into mine that I did not write.
They are not 'peace making'.
Right, that's exactly what we need in one of Toronto's best parks: more cars, more parking! I also like how the cars in your scenario don't travel through downtown to get there. Must be hovercars.
He quietly added "air pollution" to the descriptors of the funding of climate change, effectively shutting down opposition by adding something legit to a steaming pile of bunko.
Bannon hasn't faced nukes from North, East and West at the same time. Any wrong move and its the end of the world.
Breakign news: 194 of the nations of the modern world are ignoring the climate accord signed at the Paris summit, Canada being the soul hanger on.
OK. Close all the pipelines to BC and see how you survive
You get what you vote for just like you get what you shop for. Caveat Emporium..
would you sign up for national service, if it was limited to defending Canada?
LOLGood for what, exactly?
This is very close to Camille Paglia's recent article. Not plagiarism but close.
Renzetti's hypocrisy is palpable.
Mr. Trudeau has run a vigorous, positive, dignified campaign. He and his team have produced a platform that will actually produce results after consulting with, and actually listening to, Canadians coast to coast.
Nothing whatsoever, Richard Wright. Of that I am certain (insofar as I acknowledge post-modernist sensibilities that 'certainty' is a Western construct).Remember the setup the British Columbia police conducted against that poor couple recently?
Thanks. Your comment is one of the most insightful here.
What is wrong with being a Trudeau Scholar? The Government of Canada funds the program.
And sometimes it can't.Read Miriam Toew's 'All My Puny Sorrows'
Grampa Canuck, you can renounce at any US Consulate. I did last year. It takes a few months though.
wow ... 39 downvotes for ignoring twitter .... it seems to have a real hold on some people
The topic is endemic magical thinking and its repercussions.
You have an extremely negative view, and I think you are wrong. Give me a couple of specific examples of claims you think are bogus. I am used to discussing First Nations claims, comprehensive, specific, and treaty-entitlement.
RIGHT ON- SADLY.
No one cares.
Sounds good to me, Robert.
You actually need to worry more about the G&M "moderator" !
Why do we have so many dreamers in Canada when the facts have been known for decades regarding immigrant integration?
What you are saying... Harper deficits are bad but turdeau deficits are good... makes so much sense... lol.
Ear, god man stop drinking the kool-aid before you kill the last brain cell you have. What if the next step of the police is not to attend your call unless you slip them some Borden's (that is a $!00 bill in case you didn't know)
Stats Canada could compile and report this information without any industry bias or agenda.
glad to see the usual warped paranoiac russian supporters/us bashers out here todayTry this: what if anything would you do differently and how would that impact things; Rather than this'us bad bla bla bla...'
Yale undergraduate education- Harvard as a graduate school- game , set and match I believe
Wow. I am married to a visible minority -- and I do consider her my best friend. So though she's not black, the answer to your question is yes.
You are correct, "susan" is purely speculating
Simple. Tell your daughters not to call millions of people 'deplorable' and expect no consequences in return.
You didn't see the fight where Levant had to eat crow after?
Closeted Mark.
If SCIENCE cant' be certain, YOU 'believers' certainly can't be 'certain'.Believe all you like but you may NOT tell my kids science 'believes' as much as YOU do. Now who's the fear mongering neocon?
So drinking on the job and hanging out with drug dealers during the working day is a lifestyle choice that others should be tolerant of?Who knew?
Doesn't that mean that Jews would be on land claimed by Arabs, and surrounded by Muslims. How is that any different?
Great article. Big Pharma, advertising, commercials, books, chat shows, etc all focus on 'what's wrong with me/us'? it's all about making $$.
This isn't Euro-weenie land, this is North America, where Ordinary Canadians and Americans don't give a rat's arse about this leftist propaganda, and happily eat our GMO food next to our steaks and ribs.
Refreshingly candid article
sooner or later the Quebecois version of the Mao dress code will be implemented....one step at a time
nose breather, What Mendelsohn proved is that even long-practising doctors aren't immune to quackery.
in other words, the morans, and sub-morans?Actually, native intelligence is not nearly as important as not being a dick-head. Sadly, dickheads are many, and Trump has their vote.
Saunders' opens with a lie in the very first sentence. So predictable.
Geeze you haters must miss SUN TV.
Funny, the overwhelming majority of people who make an issue of race and colour are the progressives, and our media of course.
Invest -- the new definition has become 'pillage and plunder the wealth of the nation in order to get a few scraps from the table of the wealthy'.Once the pillaging has finished -- nothing is left -- not even the scraps.
Eye-witness report: http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2014/08/14/michael-brown-no-record/14041457/
Or incriminate Harper.
A good plan, but there ought to be a rule that allows anyone who appears in a video to demand and receive a copy within a reasonable time.
As a retired teachers I can say that in thirty years of teaching that never happened to me or anybody I know. Frankly I don't believe it your nieghbour is indulging in fantasies.
There is hope, the Libertarian party is set to break into Canadian politics. They run on a platform of natural rights, small government, and individual freedom. Check us out at libertarian. ca
'Martin cracks me up.'It's alleged that some Somali gentlemen on Dixon Road 'crack' the mayor up.
Yes, a bit fuzzy if you want to put them on the big screen but they are all there. The ads are even blacked out.
I cannot believe that Ralph Goodale is supporting Justin Trudeau for the leader. This could mean only two things: Ralph is starting to show signs of dementiaRalph still wants to sit in the front row if Justin wins
Good luck with trying to take Mao Tse Tung to court, or his helpers Lenin and Stalin ...
You are such a sucker.
if an election were to be held today how well would JT do? This I suspect was his high water mark, and the ebb is upon him.
No one is arguing that assisted suicide is the 'only' way for a dignified end, so you are arguing a straw man Konrad. Now THAT'S undignified.
MacLean's ... now there is a really serious source.
I wonder if naked ape thought that way when Chretin won three majorities with 39-41%.
We don't have to be first at everything.
After all the years of free trade you honestly think Canada is going to get a fair shake in Asia? Keep dreaming.
Curious that you picked those two particular people, Martel. Care to explain?
maybe you should join them
Drivers, pedestrians, cyclists all have to learn to share the space we live in. As someone that can be any one of the three I have to say that each very capable at doing stupid things that put others lives at risk.
It is ironic that probably only good readers read this column.
typical victim mentality - always someone elses fault. The trademark of the socialist.
This is the Hungarian Revolution all over again. No small nation should believe that the West will go to war with a nuclear powered Russia in order to protect its democratic revolution.
jesus, you are taking this very hard
so with sex ed there will be no more teenage pregnancies ?
Good point ...
If this is the first time you have heard a male side, then I don't think you have been reading too much lately.
'Trumplethinskin' - very good!
The access to this cheap labour pool is also a disincentive for companies to bother looking into labour saving productivity such as automation. And we sit and wonder why our labour productivity doesn't improve!
David Smith another whiny Liberal.
Indeed, the G&M is a sad joke but not in the way that you assert.
The Japanese would be amused by that analogy. This is the land of Kabuki and Bunraku after all. I'm not sure the other nations that briefly belonged to the Greater East Asia Co-prosperity Sphere share your contempt.
Take pity, Pifco - these people were taught to believe, not think.
Why? Journalists are in a union and the union likely told them to support the Libs.
Who "want to" wear.
Penny4 is ablsolutely correct on all points. ndear: Calibre of FI teachers as a whole lower than that of English teachers? The greatest barrier to ensuring that we have the best teachers is the union.
Actual budget figure for VC Summer plant now 30% complete is $9.8B total.
hard to believe, yes? maybe they'll want the right to vote? You seem lost in the 19th Cent.
Israel gave up land in return for peace treaties with Egypt & Jordan even land that was part of Biblical Israel. Israel gave up Gaza. Barak & Olmert offered to return almost all of the West Bank in return for a peace treaty.
How about students pay for tuition? So now every bus driver and cashier has to pay for their 'betters' to get an elite education? Seems fair...
Hillary Clinton (October 1947) is a year-and-a-bit younger than Donald Trump (June 1946).
I can typing
That people are forced by the government to sneak around to use it is completely distasteful to me. It's akin to forcing blacks to sit at the back of the bus. It's time for a change.
HE did come on this side of the world. Search and you should find.
Some of us knew this only too well right from the start but we were branded racists and rednecks. What do you learn from that particular anecdote? (nothing I suspect in most cases)
The 'like' idiocy is Valley Talk. It's a good tool in deciding quickly whether or not someone should be taken seriously.
@roguechumpStill supporting ANY Lieberal shows YOU are THE Problem inthis Country/Province!@JoeYou have to know, Lieberals love Shiny things. Much like 'Bling' to shine through their rose colored glasses.
Exactly - just like the amalgamation of Halifax, Dartmouth, Bedford, and Halifax county into the Halifax Regional Municipality back in 1996 was supposed to result in huge cost savings - NOT.
'They?' Seniors are not universally in the condition you describe. Bankers wear blinkers.
do you think Harper caused the price of oil to drop? Have you been asleep?
Hides-in-Closet Steve might want to look at that Afghan Detainee issue again. If the CIA will lie about torture.......
more then 50% of BC voters are saying yes. I don't know where your getting this no from.
think -I'm sure many visitors to the Ottawa Valley or Cape Breton Island in the 1830s would have thought they were in the wilder part of the Scottish Highlands. What's your point?
Soundoff, You are funny. Thanks for the LOL
I spelled 'razor' incorrectly. Mea culpa.
The new chief could have changed the policy, but he did not, and he will lose the trust of the black community.
Kind of like voting in a good hair style and charm, over an astronaut and a doctor. You may also be a problem with Canadian politics.
Nor is there in Doctor worth $700 000/yr
if you get rid of President Assad and ISIS there would be no refugees
bobthebob... that's all you've got?????
Over the top or what? Oof.
I'm not sure how much business use the long form census data but my main concern was for the non-business users such as government in planning for our cities. I would like them to have the most accurate data in those decisions.
'Decent white men...'-Jeeeeeeeez.
Preferential ballots mean the CPC will never form government again. Never. Harper created a huge desire for that sort of electoral reform. Harper and his subservient CPC followers caused their own permanent destruction.
Me thinks you opened Pandora's box on this one Maggie; every do good liberal that already has a nice house and nice job and nice car will tell you why this can't be done.
Just a few brain cells and qualification for the job would o.
you should care, its YOUR tax dollars!!!
Bible studies on the History channel ...brought to you by the Royal Harperload Ministry of Religious Freedoms.'
The mountains, the rivers, the lakes, the forests and the fields, yet we Canadians revel in a fast food chain. What is wrong with this picture?
What a ridiculous post. It would be difficult to feed our families and pay our mortgages while also looking after the planet we inhabit at the same time. Right, Mikey? Sort of like you thinking and writing at the same time.
Art Campbell. What I'm saying is that the root cause of income inequality and income equality are fundamentally the same.
Diversity of ideas, not in this country! Not at York University anyway
They never make a situation better.
Pretty weak rationale for bad legislation. This has everything to do with being able to use tax payer money for partisan reasons. It's not good in Ottawa and its not good in Ontario. Blind partisanship can rationalize anything I guess.
Sixteen years of no global warming, and even James Hanson can't explain why. Who are the real deniers now?
Thanks for the insight.
Those damn Liberals .CONS are responsible for absolutely nothing. Mr. Harper is SO HELPLESS during 8 years in power because of those D? LIEBERALS. As a now anti Con, I THANK YOU for RECOGNIZING HOW WEAK mr. harper/baird truly are
I don't really see what liberalism has to do with it.
General Romeo Dallaire and former Liberal cabinet minister Lloyd Axworthy have spoken out against Trudeau's position on fighting ISIS. Ignatieff wrote the UN's duty to protect policy which Trudeau now ignores.
Wow! Talk about the arrogant left. Obviously intelligence and educated are not your strengths. M11 just nailed you to the wall.
I suggest you buy a costume and pretend to be part of the Star Religion. Let the taxbreaks be with you!
Young boys too. It's sexual assault, nothing less.
It's a clear majority when only 52% voted. If you want change and full representation, get the other 48% out to the polls.
Gobbledeegook. The Canadian consumer still pays more than his 'Merkan counterpart. Economists and 'experts' have demonstrated that they don't understand the world's economy any better than my cat.
Everybody must unite behind Hillary. Stop the fascist Trump at any cost. If he is elected billions of peoples lives will be in jeopardy! Vote for Hillary and sanity! Trump is racist, anti-semtic, Islamaphobia and homophobia!
I liked the story earlier in the election about how he's really a leftist at heart and he changed his name from Carl to Karl to be like Marx... Ya, and having the initials PCP I'm sure was no influence at all.
I don't know why anyone would say that Justin Trudeau is 'inexperienced'. He's 40-something and every day of his life he has spent living with Canadian politics. How much experience do you need?
Do you have any examples of "left wing radio"?
'In forcing his failed phallocratic 'taste' upon his students he's not developing their ability to do critical analysis but locking them into his step.'------------------------As opposed to what - politically correct kowtowing?
Citizen 1 Harper has been governing from centre Right? Surely you jest. Try getting some help with remedial thinking which may open up your world.
Justin is well traveled, unlike mos conservatives. He understands the world a lot better. Most conservatives think the world and north America are interchangeable words.
Abra-abra cababra Henry reach out and grab-YA.
The wirter is knee jerk poltiically correct. He does't see facts because he has his own already implanted in his mechanical mind. He's also immature with little experience at living.
Let me be even more blunt: Go away Green Party. The only thing you're accomplishing is helping the party that least matches your goals on the environment.
You're now quibbling over whether 2014 was in fact the hottest year on record. So much for the whole 'warming has stopped' narrative.
Plus, Harper will likely cheat, as he has in every past election.
Food for thought on Thanksgiving!
My pessimistic side sees this whole US political campaign being waged by the Republicans as one where emotion wins out over reason. This is the country that elected George Bush Jr. twice...
thereby removing one more person capable of thinking for himself and acting on it.
:) I doubt he'd bow down and kiss & lick the rear end of the owner's enough to get the job.
Oh please make it so! I'd much prefer to work in a system where these problem kids (and their problem parents) move along to whatever little fad school they feel like!
Sure, just as long as the people get to vote on whether to adopt the recommendations of the committee.
Change for a $5 bill ? That is too advanced - have seen instances wher they could not make change for $1.50 out of $2And I am NOT kidding !
...And the idea, Jack, that you might be an outlier just doesn't occur to you? On just about any other front, people of your generation will cheerfully say "schools these days... don't teach you what _I_ learned....
Agree 100%
Except in the California case the city seemed to recover.
Boys have played with pretend weapons since the beginning of history... with zero tolerance there would have been few boys in any class since the beginning of schools....I am more than certain that in Ancient Greece boys played with toy swords.
Nonsense. Fixing the inequities in the constitution should be a priority. The entire system of democratic governance is based on the structural framework the constitution provides.
Rjaybarj, can't handle the truth?
If he or anyone else is so worried about CO2 than they should stop heating their house, using electricity, driving cars, taking transit, flying or using their computers. Show us the way and let us know if it hurts.
why not transplant one of our surplus plush and comfy gazebos to the border for the yanks to use.
I used to eat a fair bit of salami and other processed meat. I cut way, way back when my father-in-law died of bowel cancer at 72. He was a big eater of salami, bacon, and processed meat.
All is not situation normal in France. Terrorists keep attacking every three or four months. To which outrage is expressed, followed by increased regulation and security for the common citizen.
Second president in a row to say, 'We are a nation of immigrants'
What a pathetic bunch.
The Economist (latest issue): Building Works. Short version: infrastructure spending now is an opportunity that should not be missed. Trudeau: Apparently he is ready.
I'd vote for a dull coated, swaybacked ornery dray horse to get rid of Harper. At least I'd have a chance at getting my country back. In this case, better the devil you don't know...
Chairman of the board of Quebec Inc. ?
The public should boycott all businesses that behave in a such a reprehensible manner.
http://www.democracynow.org/2016/9/19/two_party_tyranny_ralph_nader_on
Vote differently, that's the only way we can change the government we have been saddled with.
'Israel is a warrior culture, not by choice but because it has to be.'No, Ms Wente: Israel is an armed ghetto, surrounded by physical, religious and emotional walls. And everything flows from this mentality.
http://medical-dictionary.thefreedictionary.com/baby
I thought we were dealing with facts and truths? The funny thing about these things is that they are both supported with evidence. Something you haven't felt necessary to provide. Does that get you a Misinformation merit badge in the Denier Cadets?
A pyramid is exactly what the economy is. Which is why Republicans don't actually want to expel the 11M so-called illegals who can be easily extorted into working at half the minimum wage and serve as the bottom layer.
The spouse with the lower income claims the benefit. So if one parent makes much less than the other, they get to claim it.BTW, if you don't like income tax rates in Ontario, there are jurisdictions in Canada with much lower income tax rates.
shhhhhh. Facts and logic don't work here....
These pipelines are exactly the type of infrastructure that the Liberals promised to promote. I say go for it.
She's gross because she's a promiscuous slob. Just like any guy would similarly be gross.
Wow. Agreed.
Ah, the scientific perspective. Right.
Don't let facts get in the way of a good bias.
Are you living the evangelically-approved lifestyle? Thought not.
Will Canadians decide to go with the devil incarnate they know? There, fixed that for you.
Your describe Hillary as obese, but Trump is likely about 75 lbs overweight. Have you ever seen pictures of how slim Trump was in his 20s and 30s.
Trump supporter's r dumber than rocks
The angus reid poll was an online poll. Why Online Polls Are Bunk http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/net_election/2000/01/why_online_polls_are_bunk.html
OMG, the entire article makes sense. When is the author planning to run for public office. I will be on his team.
You corrected the error in identifying the GG as head of state. But what about referring to the Queen as HRH instead of HM.
A reminder for the contractors thinking of building 'the wall': You won't get your payment.
@JC12345 Would you let us know which neighbourhood was being destroyed? Here in the westside of Vancouver, my neighbourhood is getting better by the day!
Liberals = Conservatives
The Liberals plan will cut middle-class taxes.
Another silly headline. Better one: Why Is Canada Looking For a Fight in Africa? Still kinda silly. Nobody has to look long and hard to find a conflict on that continent.
Thank You for nailing it.
Quebecers do NOT want a referendum... and I am glad about that. That said, IF there is to be any referendum on Quebec independence... I think it should be a referendum in the rest of the country as to whether they can STAY or not....
Yes it has, yes it has. And why is that again?
How does teaching biological fact interfere with anyone's religious beliefs?
Speaking more generally, [almost] the whole US is just a big hairball.
I have far more sympathy for someone who would prefer to show their face but cannot because of a deformity. What a silly attempt at analogy.
They also flooded other countries with terrorists.
Harper and George W's meeting of the minds.
Colter Lie: Canada sent troops to Viet Nam. Your turn. Name one truth Colter told?
at what point does a baby have legal protection? do you agree with late term abortions?
Naomi Klein talks about this in her book. Surely, you are not suggesting we throw up our hands and do nothing.
Over the past decade or two I must have just imagined the growing number of Western extreme conservatives who have angrily rejected or publicly despised the values of liberalism and tolerance that Wente assumes are now the status quo here.
Scars are memories you never lose!
What is to laugh is your whole rant.
What you don't get is that blackface was NOT used to make fun of anyone, or insult them just to identify someone. Huge difference. Unless you actually think being black is in itself SO shameful, noticing it is insulting?
Yes. Harper and Putin have more in common than Harper or any CPC supporter will admit and than msm writers are willing to write.
How is writing about the challenges the new Premier will face a bad thing?
Turning sick people into criminals. Your Harper Government at work.
It was only a matter of time before this one oozed out of Ottawa's Republican crowd of copycat leftovers.
Thus, CETA.
Establishment dude shamelessly comes off sounding all sage about something incredibly stupid.
Because looking at father who was a success we got disillusioned with the rewards of the game. Females will bloom for awhile before a reaction sets in.
Which election? '62 or '63?
You expose your ignorance and stupidity.
The 'students of history' the writer cited would fail their exams if they argued that British and American economic nationalism was the sole or even main determinant of German and Japanese nativist politics of the 1930s.
what is fair should be the fare, let me pay after you get me there so I can deduct the hostage time that delays made my productivity unavailable
What drivel! What's the color of the sky in your world?
Any reasonable person certainly would, WB.Hamilton is also the Con guy 'shepherding' the Robocall scandal.
Thank you. I'm glad I'm not the only that takes strong offence to signs printed in a language which isn't one of the countries official languages. I had to learn the language when I came here 30 years ago, so did my parents. Why the hell can't they?
Sounds like a good place to start, indeed. An easy, quick change to send the right signal.
So you are still pretending that the fiscal crisis that has hobbled ALL major world economies following the banking collapse of 2008 was : A) Mr Harpers fault B) Avoidable by Canada ( but by no other major world economy)
'Ms. Byrne joined the Reform party as a teenager.' Poor, misguided, brain-washed, demented soul! Imagine spending those very impressionable years having your head filled with right-wing propaganda from the likes of Preston Manning and Stockwell Day!
Keep factual rather than judgmental. Is it too hard for you? Some can do it easily.
OK, he's gone. You can quit the melodrama. Democracy and freedom have been present all the while. The results of this election are the proof.
Gutless, heartless, and brainless? You just named the qualifications for being a Conservative (Reform) MP.
I watched the video... great stuff.
It's a common practise as EI is considered general revenue. At least he lowered the GST. Can't recall anything useful Martin and Chretien did.
I could not stop laughing as I read this story!
Thanks for the mansplanation.
Problem is, leaving the EU doesn't stop immigration to UK from countries outside EU.And Muslim problems/issues are about UK Muslims. They 'ain't going anywhere.
' has now lowered his ethical bar to such depths that any further attempts by him to pass under it will require tunnelling equipment.'SUBWAYS! SUBWAYS! SUBWAYS! drool
boz is hoping to dance on the grave of the last dirty hippie right after he does the same to the last filthy Commie. (Assuming he can do it with his walker, and remember why he was there.)
Elect fiscally sound premieres and we may consider it!
Yeah, the thieves, anarchists, and murders have a tendency to get over it pretty easy Dieter....whats your point? What about the victims!? Victims should have a voice right?
A show about nothing...
Astounding admission, wasn't it!
You mean: "poutinely roasted,"don't you?
These Liberals are nothing but tax clowns. The more they talk the more it cost you.
Sure. A principled foreign policy involves Baird humping legs in Bahrain... Uhm it should stay in Canada but these guys have blown it because Harper/Baird haven't the ability to articulate a sophisticated view of the Arab/Israeli conflict.
I hope he locked himself in the washroom again.
Got any evidence of that?
How's your logic holding up today considering the terrorist attacks and death on Parliament Hill
confused again writes: 'Joe Clark. The last honest man in parliament.'===============Sadly that probably has a lot to do with him only being Prime Minister for 9 months.
Rene Levesque at the time would never have agreed to anything. One of his ministers at the time, Claude Charon admitted as mush. Then Quebecers went on to give Trudeau 76 of 78 seats.
Archeological survey? who cares. Ancient history. why would they want to consult with the natives????? What do they have to do with this.
'The_Texan', as a moniker.. Not sure you would fit into even the most left-wing Democrat crowd in Austin...
Completely agree.
Enjoy your weekend.
Presumably your child, and those of others, are vaccinated, so there is no risk to them only to the 'non-believers'. Or, do you not have faith in the infallibility of vaccines?
THE g $ m THE BEST PUBLICATION THE CONS AND BAY STREET CAN BUY
Or use your journalistic resources national media and start printing the science. We're interested, we'll read it. It would make for a lot better paper, radio, television than the current waste of trees.
'Math A+'Progressive, you made me spray tea out of my nose with that one. Where did this 11.5 billion number come from? I don't think you are allowed to pull numbers out of the air just to get the answer you want with math. Maybe you mean 'Magic A+'
We should be thanking them for bringing 15,000 -20,000 children to our aging society. They will be an economic benefit.
'Math was always my bad subject. I couldn't convince my teachers that many of my answers were meant ironically.' ? Calvin Trillin
Ok and, then what... vote for more of the same? More debt, more corruption? Surely you would not condemn us to such a scenario.
I'm curious to know what character flaw is causing Rich to poke fun at a 10 year old. It was just a graduation ceremony. I had one too, in Grade 6, a long time ago, and the smartest kid in the class gave a speech. Get over yourself.
He was wrong: The most recent analysis of data from 23 INDUSTRALIZED nationals whos that 87 percent of the children under age 15 killed by guns in these nations lived in the United States. Industrialised Nations.
Harper and Baird perplex me. Is their motivation a strange interpretation of the Book of Revelations and they are preparing for the end of days? At least Obama believes in the future.
Again............--- 'Harper has said he considers himself first and foremost an Albertan.'-----Liar-show me the citation
JT might recover a little by presenting and trumpeting his amendments/alternatives during the campaign. still the absence of backbone/confidence in voting down C-51 was head-shaking
Well said on all points
The auto industry in Ontario is already a Zombie ....
Eck from Melville
I'll take American-style over Soviet-style any day of the week.
His masters in SA wouldn't approve of that.
I'm not laughing at you, I have thought this as well, but just figured those Liberals would call me Alex Jones so did not bother.
PCs were simply Red Tories -you couldn't really tell them apart from the Liberals. Now, you can. And while the chant is immature, it does go to the point that people are
laws against racism. right.
Without the intended humour.
technically, he is a criminal, however noble his intent. He has broken US laws and the US government is fully within its rights to demand extradition.
About a week ago, G+M reported that this civil war started when a teenage boy spray painted some graffiti during the hopeful Arab Spring era. That led to repression, demonstrations, and eventually civil war.
I thought it rather flattering... there is no way that Obama weighs 98 pounds on the world stage.
2000 year old book of mythology to justify Israel. 50 years to extinguish Palestine. Seems reasonable.
Thanks for your explanation. Hope things work out better soon.
It's all in the parenting.
Good comment. They've crafted policies that favour the west to the detriment of the east. The Conservatives are weak nationalists but strong manipulators.
Many, many would have to be built, and promise a profit, in Ontario, at the moment.
And Russia first tsar was ivan the Terrible. Russia under Putin is headed for big trouble. He is another Hitler.
Yep. It's just the daily MSM attack against Trump. Proof the media are almost done as far as credibility is concerned.
OB and J5 - SURE you're both Conservatives, lol. Sounds like typical big- L posters on this site trying to conjure up the myth of momentum towards the drama teacher.
MHM3: That's borders on hilarious.
Exactly, and not to mention we are funding a school system which openly and systematically discriminates on a religious basis in their hiring practices. Think of the outburst if the public system refused to hire staff if they were Catholic...
Yes. People have a right to irrational thoughts fears and beliefs, but those who run societies have an obligation to make sure that those people are allowed no ability whatsoever to affect reality.
Unsure how a tailored rehabilitation program flies in the face of justice......
Nail on head.
Right on! The Bible says bless a Jew and you will be blessed. Outremont may not know it, but they are very blessed by having the Jews in their community.
woolyBack to the curse of 'The Constitution' Doesn't 'The Constitution' say that Canada is a bi-lingual country. Check out Quebec
They are this close to self-sufficiency with huge reserves everywhere. They don't need our oil - we need THEM.
joe please give one example of how you think he speaks for the majority of Canadians?
it appears two heads are not necessarily better than one... or none for that matter
Pssst Justin!!!! Trump isn't a globalist. No to carbon tax, don't believe me try trading with it.
Trudeau got 39% of the vote, became PM and you call that democracy. Strange, when Harper got a majority with 39% of the vote, that wasn't democracy. How would you choose which was and which wasn't?
If you're going to cut funding for 'useless' subjects you should cut it for all of them, not just those you don't like. But then you'd have to decide what is useless.
When is the Globe going to replace Jeffrey with an algorithm?
Every refugee with money in the bank should pay for all his endeavours. That is what the Danish and Swiss governments are doing. There is nothing wrong with that!
Looks like it's Prog's problem too.
You're just apologizing for Harper, the worst PM we ever had.
Oh I imagine the PM cares for a Muslim to conform to Canadian comfort levels. Not Canadians conforming to Muslim norms.
Hear, hear, Much2Say!
He discovered the man was corrupt and quit. You've got a problem with that?
Details, details RealistLon ... you must trust the Liberal Force, or be swallowed whole by the Dark Side. How else can a fledgling personality cult get a start?
More than likely they are driving to the U.S to fill up and buy groceries and other products. Since 90% of BCer's live with 30 miles of the border.
Robert, those were the only 'facts' in your whole post.
I think Smitherman would have been better yes Ford made Toronto the laughing stock of the world
It is not rocket science to figure out where the jobs are and are not. Look in the Help Wanted section of any newspaper. Same thing with real estate figures, look in the newspaper. It doesn't take teams of entrail snifters to figure that out.
yeah those darn christians.
Yes, Miller the financial genius, only doubled the city's debt from $1.2B to 2.5B.
ISIS and glass houses--are you on this planet ?
Pascale Dery will end up as a senator, paid for by you.
Unless most Canadian women are wealthy stay at home mothers with free designer wardrobes and free travel, she doesn't really represent Canadian women.
Whatever and Shore, Mason pens a fawning puff piece on Justin portraying him as an global warming superhero and you guys are upset?
Not only written into law but closely monitored. If violated a harsh punishment must be applied. Perhaps solitary confinement for a few weeks!
YYZStay on topic. What the heck does that have to do with this story?
It turns out people like Progressive, here.
No, we'd be posting about the 12 yr. old who was gunned down last week. Or the stairwell killing in NY. Or, one of the other killings of unarmed innocent people that has occurred since western police forces have become militarized.
Rational: He saw the title, and thought it was an episode on the Jerry Springer show.
Yous is such a dumb comment that it's impossible to know where to begin to refute it.
Choosy refugees?
This could be his Adscam. Hi government is looking to be just as old and corrupt as the Liberal government that preceded it.
No, it could be pre-fact, or perhaps just totally removed from facts.
What we have now are all brokerage Parties. True to form, they sell subsidies to buy votes.
Kind of foolish for the Globe and Mail to pontificate on Rob Ford. The Toronto Star did all the reporting and legwork to expose Rob as he really was while the G&M mewed on the sidelines.
Men do too. If Trudeau or Harper were crying like Freeland, they'd have been lynched by the media. An important part of leadership in such a role is being emotionally stable and dealing with issues with rationality. Regardless of gender.
Both Climaxica and colin7 are right. Faith and fantasy feed the soul. Science and the reality of mortality feed the brain.
So, not only do you and your fellow shills want to rain a hail of invective down on people whose politics are different than yours, you think they should volunteer for it? Zealotry is warping your brains.
Nothing at all to do with Harper. This law dates from 1993. Ignorance and Harper-hatred seem to go together.
Canadians 'elected' who Pierre Poutine said were elected. 6,000 votes over ridings under scrutiny of Elections Canada, which has recently been headed by a Harper appointment,
wow randy, now that was well said. very well said.
Ok, I checked. The Globe and Mail did a big story on the Climate Research Unit scandal, on the front page. And it was written by....drum role.... Doug Saunders!
Sure- blame the media. Harper and Kenney started this nonsense- even after hearing from their lawyers that it would never pass a court challenge. Blame anybody but the people responsible- the Harper Way!
NRCan estimates direct GDP at 15% plus another 4% in indirect in 2011 from the resource sector.
Harper seems to be the only politician who supports the majority of Canadians view on this issue.
I would think that this group could not see past their entreched militant views
cupe is part of the problem
Don't you get sarcasm?
Agree - one step at a time. First deal with this bill, then have an "informed" debate around PR, etc. They are two separate issues, and PR is distracting from the very real and current danger presented by the "(Un)Fair Elections Act".
Because many of us presume that the purpose of incarceration is rehabilitation, so that offenders can safely come back into society and be productive members.
Every person who wants to shut down Sun TV must also believe in shutting down anyone who disagrees with them. You people are the people who scare me, not a TV station.
Was it mention of PKP the Quebec publisher that brought out the mod ? Let's see if it survives.
Oh oh.... The Ontario hot button of all time.. Religious education schools funded from public dough. Catholic School boards. This one makes the Lords Prayer thing a pimple sized issue.
Whats the matter, don't like it when your heroes are exposed?
We were winning in Afghanistan until the stupid 2003 invasion in Iraq. Because of this, we ended up losing both wars. How brilliant was that?!
Of course the same could be said for your S100, 000 salary because there is someone above you doing all the same - so you're really only worth $40,000 not the $100,000 you're soaking the company for?
There are places in the world where people are still 'hard.' Interesting places to visit, but I wouldn't want to live there.
SARAH KENDZIOR, LOLI did warned you sister, you loose, we win. Please do not move to Canada. Bye again.
So you've missed all the information over the last, oh, couple of hundred years on the social construction of racism, sexism, classism, capitalism, ....
Adam: He hasn't fooled anyone except the Liberal corporate class (lots of them in the G&M's opinion suite) who want another run at power. His cards were stacked with aces.
Hey Nad, your village called - they want their idiot back.
Indeed. You can only expect woolly thinking from sheep.
Suzuki might if he can recall his high school physics.
Most of the writers are... and this is hardly an endorsement.. The editor rightly feels the liberals need to be booted out for their wrong doings..
This is the sort of drivel expected from a socialist rag such as The Globe.
This time the damage will be so massive that the next Conservative government won't be able to repair it. Think Argentina.
The diagnosis is crucial i would have thought here. Some professions are surely unsuitable for those with serious mood disorders.
If you are anti-murder, how can you possibly support the Palestinians? I don't get it - someone gets a pass as long as they are only killing women and children? Come on!
We already have our country back. Who said it was yours in the first place?
The company he runs is have the size of that his father gave him. What a joke. This guys leading no one nowhere.
'Let all voices be heard and all ideas considered on their merits. This is the fundamental basis of free and democratic societies.'=====Yes, and?
This article is misleading from the start. For one thing, Adam Lanza did have a 9mm, but he used an assault rifle. The author suggests that he used a 9mm. When you have to mislead to do an opinion piece, you are on weak footing!
So no change from the previous hacks then? $20 billion a year borrowed all the while touting fiscal responsibilty? Jokers, to a man. At least we're on our way back, eyes wide open.
When is the sky going to fall?
Not speaking ill of the dead.
Since the Brits are ageing, I guess these enclaves will be called old age homes!
Was Mr. Garneau pushed out because he was beginning to get traction?
Shame on you, Mr. Prime Minister!
Maybe we North Americans should be more concerned about gross obesity and diabetes.
What was Canada's unemployment rate in the 1980s?
Now that is grade A nonsense. Are these the same numbers that justified the beautiful Gardiner Expressway?
reacher's comments are as predictable as rain in ireland.. every time i see reacher's name it gets thumbs down, then i might read it and wish I can do it again... so out to lunch
It's unacceptable to dump toxic waste on Sussex Drive, Ottawa; on Aboriginal Lands, the opportunity is, ' priceless.'
Finland's income taxes are lower than Canada's. Their main revenue tool is a 24% sales tax.
Matt, That's precisely my point. And without a peace movement like there was in the 60's and 70's, there probably will be war without end, with all the bad consequences for us here in North America.
As long as you aren't fooled by Harper's motives thinking he actually CARES about the the Jewish community. He's USING them.
Yeah it is kinda ugly.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha butt...
Being respectful toward other people has been labeled 'political correctness' by those on the right. You have misunderstood the point.
Steve, I don't think Jim Flaherty would be the finance minister if Harper hadn't reduced the GST...
He no doubt considers it was the G & M which always endorses him for election.
The man was a complete disaster as mayor, and that had nothing to do with "Leftys", that that is all on him.
apparrently this cop is 'devastated' says police union chief'devastated' but alivethe teen is dead and not capable of being 'devastated'
you have been watching to much CNN
That is perhaps the most profound bit of political philosophy ever to originate in your province.
The comments here read like the minutes from a HDS support group for RT fanboys presided over by well known Liberal uber-shill Martin
Bell owns 15% of the Globe. This editorial should disclose this huge conflict of interest.
Cutting taxes to the rich in hopes that they will trickle their wealth down- has never worked.
Don't ever stop posting. I'd pay just to read your posts.
Oh yes the good old Liberal hypocritical oath of 'do as I say, not as I do.'
But you were counting...
If the Israelis weren't doing it, they'd be long gone.
I make the sacrifice everyday I come home from the mall empty handed. But it is not sacrifice to buy Canadian made goods or comparable goods... that is a blessing... quality, ethics, and they last so long there is value... so a hypocrite I am not...
Monica Lewinsky's ex-boyfriend's wife for President!
My wife and i both work full time AND commute. It's called planning....we cook and eat dinner at home most nights.
Sir John's comment is about as empty as a container of Cuban cigars is it not? Unless of course there is a slippery under the table deal of appeasement.
Desperation makes people do regrettable things, like voting for a radical party. These tend to stick to their own ideology, not sane economics or responsible politics, and in the end, do more damage than good.
Your argument assumes that Eng speaks for all seniors. Are you sure that she does?
'Please move to Texas or Alberta.'Ironically, the two regions in each country with just about the lowest unemployment.
They're more vulnerable to neighborhood bullies.
Totally agree. The burning of food for fuel is the worst environmental plan ever devised. Only the phyco-babble lefties think it is good.
Vancouver is the Third most expensive city in the world, Hong Kong is first and Sidney is second all the result of money pouring in from China.
Dear Doug Ford, This is what Margaret Atwood looks like.
Advice to Americans living abroad - renounce your citizenship. A Canadian passport is usually more welcome abroad, anyway.
You have the best handle on this thread
The terrorism started in the 1990s, as the settlements ramped up in earnest, and as indicated in the article. Israel had lots of lots of time before this to do the right thing.
So why do you read the Globe if that's your opinion of it ?
That's probably why you didn't counter it.
The only terrorists that Canadians have to be concerned about are the ones in the Harper government........Vic Toews and John Baird come to mind.
The adamant atheist is no better than the fanatically religious. They both claim to just know.
According to Lindsay Lohan, alcohol was her gateway drug.
And when did Israel threaten anyone or even talk about Nukes??? Iran blathers on daily about it, AND how much they hate Israel. Why are they doing this?
It's a good sign for Leitch that she can she can can still attract a crowd. She should up the ante by talking about how hard it is to deport a Canadian who is second class.
'Deniers have a variety of reasons for subscribing to their failed religion: 'LOL,The AGW hysterics cult you promote is a much better fit for a failed religion....
They had an option....and again squandered it by returning this tribe of larcenous incompetents to power.
It's called dope for a reason.
You people should really read this....http://www.fluoridation.com/epa2.htm
Prove me wrong dicknuts
This discussion isn't about Obama.
Anyone see Johnstons plug for Blackberry in BNN? lol. So pathetic really that a head of state needs to pump up a company that is floundering speaking like he's some analyst or insider. He should mind his own business really
I do not question her commitment to democracy & social justice - they aren't our problems right now.. I do question here ability to steer the Province's finances away from the rocks..
I once told them it was worth $5 a month but I was over estimating it. Lots of quality free sites out there.
"Questioning a presidential candidates health after her clearly showing neurological issues in public? You hate women and gays." And blacks.
You already posted this a few weeks back. Time for something new.
the great thing about drones is you can take out schoolchildren en masse and never leave your seat in DCthe great thing about stealth aircraft is you can bomb entire villages and be home in time for dinner with the family
Bob Rae didn't just ruin Ontario's public finances, he caused a world-wide recession.
Crow is served with black crow coffee.
The global warming scam is nothing but a massive wealth re-allocation exercise and people like Mr Homer-Dixon are all singing from the same song sheet...
More proof that the Conservatives know nothing of economics. They put Canada into a structural deficit position before the financial crisis with the irresponsible GST cuts. Idiots.
Anybody can move to Alberta. Ontario seniors can spend all their money in Florida, then go live in Alberta social housing, get your free dental care, cheap bus pass as well. Now that's an idea.
'It's vindictive. Pure and simple'Gee, I hope so...
Liberals want their gangs to go around and beat those who disagree with them... maybe they can wear shirts? How about brown shirts?
This story will not restore anything of my negative feelings regarding the G&M. If I did not get this story here I would have gotten it elsewhere, which is what happened. This rag just happened to also have it.
'So what?s the problem with Mr. Harper? Is it the Duffy affair? The militant foreign policy? The highly dubious tough-on-crime agenda?'It is all of those and more.
Hey dolt, this isn't paper, rocks, scissors.
So has his brilliant cancer research been discredited by a bad joke? Should he take all his marbles, and cancer cures, and pack them up in cardboard boxes just because he's wrong about feminism?
Pure progressive simpleton fear-mongering.
I consent.
Partisan hack alert!!!!!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=amu-yy5hnFA&feature=share
When Joe Public also can 'bank' cash for 'good health' ... then it's A-OK ...
The students who fall asleep the minute they have to learn something challenging don't usually develop into Aristotles or Einsteins.
Something about pots and kettles springs to mind. It's not a good idea to call other people 'fools' when you can't even use an apostrophe properly.
really without mentioning the corruption of the RCMP? In bed with a political party? Nigel Wright not charged, Novak, not charged but the man Harper wanted to attack, the mounties went after? I mean is this not a case for the ICC?
Let me make it easy Ericka. Have you ever heard, or can you imagine, a Canadian psycho stalking in the fashion you do -- logging obsessively into a foreign paper just for purposes of telling the locals how much they suck?
Call for a national inquiry john and refuse to do anything to better yourself til you get one. Sort of like holding your breath and kicking and stomping your feet til you get your way...
Oh what a Croc !! Crocodile tears for the machine politico . Try to reflect the truth of the matter just a bit he was a personal hot mess and an eroding factor in city politics.
' but then again you are an entitled canuckleheaded fool - and always will be.'Ah...one can always tell when one has made a telling point. The opponents run for the personal insult rather than rely on insightful rebuttal of any kind.
Difficult for a busy judge or lawyer to learn French well enough in a couple of months.
In Scotland they have a verdict 'not proven' and there is a world of difference between 'not guilty:' and 'not proven.'
@BobbykfromUSALMAO
And if we are to believe recent reports, that housing scenario is gaining traction in the GTA as well.
Actually most Ukrainians want to be in Europe and given Russian imperialism in NATO as well. Who can blame them, not that I expect Kremlin trolls to get it.
Leftists pee their pants when they see a handgun but stand up and cheer when someone gets their teeth knocked out in a hockey rink. Total hypocrites.
Your description holds for science; for economics, not so much
The (terrible) 'health advice' comes from the American Dental Association. Do a news search for 'flossing teeth.'
Hortence: What people refer to you is 'crazy' just so you know.
...and if a child is injured by a vaccine... what happens....usually the medical community denies a connection
see Echelon
WOW. The NDP critic just claimed Canada matters in the world. Yet the NDP routinely claims that under Harper, Canada no longer matters on the world stage any more. Hypocrisy much dimwit?
I have some cheap tickets on a Costa Concordia cruise for sale ... .-)
Munich indeed. www.veteranstoday.com/2014/08/04/french-report-isil-leader-mossad/
if god is going to forgive anyone, he should be doing it in the afterlife. This nonsense about telling another mere mortal and accepting his directions on how to repent (which often include money) is a complete fraud.
Think Patrick Brown. Republicans (and they ARE Republicans) are doubling down on Fascism even as we speak.
What's this fear of Donald all about? It will be an interesting opportunity to observe something different - political status quo is boring. wrt to NHL, the new excuse is low currency FX, the same excuse they used in the 1980s.
No, Think_First. You're homophobic for completely different reasons.
what ? are you in an elementary school yard?
It is ironic that 'firewall Harper' who wanted to decentralize Canada to a much larger degree, a champion of provincialism, is now having to confront his lack of foresight. Alberta and Canada are now facing the consequences.
Any interference with justice, from Christianity or Islam or any other religion, would be regarded as wrong by true progressives.
@lotus123 - the fact that the student is paying 1/3 of the cost does, in fact, mean that he/she is paying for something. Your belief that they aren't paying for anything is logically incoherent, but that's nothing new for you.
Welcome to the irony-free zone.
Why didn't the police simply close/lock the doors of the streetcar and leave this disturbed man inside, all alone, until he - and they - calmed down? And call in a specialist skilled in communicating with disturbed people.
I for one have never believed it tastes like chicken. Like, for real man, where DO you get YOUR chicken from, anyway!
Bangladesh has estimated that 1 million to 3 million civilians died during the 1971 Civil War.
@Allan Ross: We were just trying to-be polite.
Carbon taxes are yet another example of government shaking down consumers. And when they can't milk you anymore on carbon , they'll find something else.
chas 13 Even some of the 10 commandments are questionable --like "Thou shall not covet ..." This is thought control... supposedly from a sky fairy ? read some of the critiques of biblical teaching ... but you'd have to have an open mind for that.
the parka would be water vapour
Where would you prefer to be broken?
Honestly it is probably because I Canada is not on the regular Syrian's radar. . it is some far far off cold place that they know nothing about. This is the real reason.
What have you been smoking ?
Does being done all the time make it less sleazy?
That's a very broad generalization. Should we mass-vaccinate for every possible disease?
I never knew Stalin, Mao and Hitler fit into .01% of the problems in the 20th century...
A pickled ham wearing lipstick and an apple in its mouth.
Ms. Wente, your bias wouldn't show quite so much if you stopped using silly names like 'Mr. Sunny ways'. As readers we wouldn't have to read your column with such a chunk of salt.
I completely agree with you. This government takes pleasure in turning the screws on refugee claimants but rolls out the red carpet for this convicted felon.
Except whe they came up with,'I am entitled to my entitlements'
But our education establishment graduates "critical thinkers" by the gazillion .-)
We shouldn't become a nation which sells crappy goods at the lowest price possible. It's like driving a car: Lead, follow or get out of the way...
Was that in the time of the Crimean War, or earlier, when Katherine the Great ruled ? How do you people find the nerve to mention the act of reading ?
ya but alberta now has the ndp, the lowest only next to the pathetic liiberals
I'm sure it hasn't, and I've done some in my time as well, but I'm glad I'm not required to do it today as an older person.
globe = monumental failure
Fortunately, Quebec has found the solution: $7 a day daycare, courtesy of the billions of dollars in equalization payments transferred by the rest of Canada.
for what it is worth you agree so what
So you want a sales tax on top of the carbon tax??
Simpson is one of the finest journalists in Canada. Drop dead csayers.
The Conservative version of Ethical Oil...
@Michele KIt's a miracle that Canadian flights are allowed to fly over US airspace on route to Cuba.
And who are you to say?
Typo should read 1933
@ JAson Hannah. Is that a coup liikemwe pulled in Libya, and Rwanda, and , and ,and , and, or is it one fo the other kinds?
Couldn't have said it more succinctly myself. One correction: Ordinary citizens should never-have cause to-regard the police who are well paid to protect them, as potential executioners.
'The word ?foreign? is an interesting word. It means different things to different people. 'What does it mean to Chinese people?
Or worse still, a mailroom clerk who went to Young Republican Camp.
The Conservatives cannot sink any lower....try this....http://aptn.ca/news/2014/11/28/aglukkaq-tried-forcing-apology-nunavut-hamlet-dump-food-scavenging-revelations/
Gee. My comment just .....disappeared
S TW Ottawa - Fully agree.
Canada is not perfect. On the other hand, you would have to look long and hard to find a better country to live in.
Your thoughtful insights are much appreciated.
Thanks for the correction - thought it was Barnum.
Let's stick to the present tense, shall we Lawrence?
The reason Obama chose 2020 as the kick-in date of his proposed coal 'changes' speaks directly to what Harper was saying. Kick the economy can down the road. The Obama presidency: Over-promise; Under-deliver
I think a world war is imminent and that will once again boast the USA as in the past. Another boomer generation will fix that, for the medium term of coarse.
Herm: Great analogies. A fine tuned hypocrisy meter you have, the likes of which approach the accuracy of my teenage children.
He would have his head handed to him.
Point a finger and demonize. Attack anyone who wants to talk before 'acting'.Straight out of the Republican Playbook. You know, I've heard that foreign governments are attempting to affect Canadian politics. What if it was just a foreign Party?
She doesn't understand the difference between history and sociology.
Start up costs to build nuclear reactors can hit $10 billion. Cleanup costs should something go wrong can cost $250 billion (the estimated cost to cleanup Fukushima over the next 10 years).
This just emphasizes what should be common knowledge. Canada's governments do not give a sh!t about Canadians in general. Excel Foods
The evidence of fraud is obscured in the morass of undocumented transactions, wierd.
moc; sure Quebec will survive, both the parts that separate and those that choose to stay within Canada, but the parts that stay within Canada will have a higher, likely much higher, standard of living.
I don't see why trying to get medicine to Gaza should be construed as grandstanding. These men didn't ask to get arrested, so why are their political views relevant to this story?
The guy in the picture today, keeping his baby's head above water while he swims to the beach.......I believe the author of this piece is asking the reader to look at the individual case. As he does in law, you know ?
Seems the Indian justice system is modelled after our own.
Those a strictly defensive machine guns.
I can't wait for the bunga bunga then.
Surely, you jest.
Yes, there has been wrong and discriminatory behaviour in the past. That does not obviate the fact that non-residential owners have made housing costs unreasonable for local residents.
Boo hoo.. the science is wrong.. the earth is cooling, not warming. Its time you upped your game.
Who cares who started it. Under Harper Quebec seperatists are a non-entity, Harper's completely killed the idea.
correct toronto taxes are lower than in the rest of the GTAuniversally acknowledged by allamazing all those down town leftists who mock ford for tax cuts never say 'Raise my property tax'bunch of hypocrites
Good analysis.
You are a mere revenue tool ....
steve I would have no issue with that. That's not jerky behavior. Shouting obscene things and gesturing from a worksite? Yes and yes it still happens
The reason for the statutory (possibly constitutional) requirement for 3 Quebec judges lies entirely in the fact that it has a different system of civil law.
"Hatred for Christians" because someone points out that Christianity is just as evil as any other religion? Hyperbole much?
Did you actually read the article?
he did say no.... to more Dark days of Harper...
Aren't you clever Doug. Yawn
Uneducated masses? Perhaps, but his support is not in the countryside but in 'cosmopolitan' Istanbul.
Interesting how uncomfortable the left gets when confronted with socialism and communism that has destroyed millions of lives. This monument will remind them of that inconvenient truth forever. Good.
'' There's a video of him shooting a rifle with sizzling bacon wrapped around the barrel.''I'm afraid that the point of that escapes me. It's bizarre, but what's the point?
I guess it takes one to know one.
Before you ask Canadians if they are in favour of bill 51 on Terrorism , you should ask them if they know what is in the bill. There is no need to rush this bill through. It can be passed next year .
And when you can't run on your record because you don't have one, you need to speak in platitudes.
investigate them as unregistered agents of a foreign alien entity
Mulcair and Boy Wonder will be battling for the silver medal .
Worked in Hiroshima.
I'd prefer to fire you, Teddy - and the Con party you rode in on.If only to ensure some rational debate on the matter.
We already have a party leader who looks a lot like Miss Piggy. Anyone what to guess who I am referring to.
WWII was the USSR's war. Please brush up on your history.
ya, reality
Do you really believe they would leave the relative security and better prospects of Germany for England? Some may, but definitely not most of them. I can see more going to Scandanavia.
52% for boys and 45% for girls? My god, I'm seriously starting to think about my membership, with the Globe. This is complete tripe and bogus junk talk that is just trying to stir the pot. I cant believe anyone is reading this.
The Harper gang believes they are above the law.
Canadians are helpless to get to the bottom of this stinking pile of crap. Everything is fair game for the Harperites until the next election. Mike Duffy's only worry is the RCMP and we know how rarely they bother with white-collar crime.
What a ridiculous comment.
They tried that!
nvr. But remember that the Liberals are the only party charged and fined for robo-calls.
Who owns the business's at Attawapiskat that got 325, 000,000 dolars in 2011? Obviously not the Band as we were led to believe, because the people never saw a dime of it.
The Chinese aren't foolish enough, brainwashed enough, or easily bullied enough to do that. China and Japan may end up being the last bastion of civilization in 100 years.
Quantum tunneling.
The USSR censored everything... nothing to do with the cold war... it wanted to have a monopoly on brainwashing its victim population.
Hi World, Sounds like 'Why should I stop smoking crack as long as my cousin isn doing it?'And you did notice that our 2% of global CO2 emissions is in contrast to our population at 0.5% of global total, right?
It goes like this -- The Ontario Liberals are dependent on organized labour. This thing is a massive make-work project designed to keep the well funded trades fully employed.
from Berig in Rochester Really, an economic union between Quebec and Ontario for four hundred years? I've got to crack my Canadian history books again.
Why bother - anytime that Bob Rae opens his pie hole he spews rubbish.
As usual shaky lady is at the bottom of the comment heap. I think its time for a performance review at the PMO for you.
No, you fool. Democracy wins. The challenge is to hold the winners accountable.
Click bait from Margaret Wente, I went to the article by mistake on my mobile.
Well you are right there are 4% of us that are aboriginals as 0f 2011. 3.8 in 2006, 3.3 in 2001 and 2.8 in 1996......it's growing fast. So why not elect the to senate. It is after all their country.....their land, their water man I' like this idea.
This is truly a disgusting story....
What's worse, hiding in a closet or behind your wife's nightshirt?
Yes, but you see, because I've lived in the "White Man's World", I'm no longer Native.
'We cannot actually afford the programs that we have NOW...'Most of which would be scraped.
Absolutely brilliant!!
Wente as Con Bot. I like that :)
Putin is a fascist and war criminal. The thugs in eastern Ukraine, and those occupying Crimea, need to be expelled.
Interesting comment. People who drift toward radicalization have all sorts of logical blind spots.
Mr Paladin, the framers were, no doubt, well versed in the English language which you, evidently, are not. Try not to read things into a passage which exist neither in fact nor intent.
Ye get the government ye deserve. We had a golden opportunity to get rid of these twits and chose to bury our heads in the sand.
Well I would agree that Governments... eventually defeat themselves...
Riffing on an old psychiatry joke... Q: How many economists does it take to change Africa? A: Only one, but Africa has to want to change.
Been asleep? Public transit has been growing very quickly in SW BC, thank you very much.
Yes uniformity is the key to happiness. And you will be the guru of that uniformity I am sure.
Small town administrator on a weihgt loss attempt. Doesn't look like it's working.
Planners forgot Economics 101. Max profits where supply costs meets demand revenue.
No proof or racism except his own words. And trump is not suing anybody over that. He threatens, not acts, to sue over someone saying his current wife was - shall we say - less than virtuous in her youth. Do you ever get anything right, johnjohn?
Yep, before they turn their cash thirsty fangs on us.
They should focus on two or three issues. Higher taxes for the rich. Minimum taxes for corporations. Fairer trade deals. Etc.
At last a voice of reason . Anti mercury , not anti vax.
I think they are getting their weapons from deserters and captured stores. Where do you think they are getting them?
There is a name for cities that do not have a Safe Streets Act. We call them 'Winnipeg'.
Former. You are quoting a study which has not been published.
Remind me why politicians would want to enact an unpopular and complicated new tax-------------------Because they can claim they are saving the planet and dupe naifs like you.
A political party cannot change this. Change comes from consumers. When we stop buying gas powered cars and start buying electrical counterparts, they will stop making gas powered cars. Gotta love capitalism...
Harper's strategy is the same as always; lie and cheat.
Are you saying no one in Canada has ever been attacked by wildlife?
The public isn't interested in being don't the truth and to live with less. We now expect our gov't to take care of us from caddle to grave.
So many men, threatened by women. It must be tiring being so terrified of competition all the time.
'Harper's refusal to accept the evidence in support of the asbestos industry' ??Surely you meant: Harper's refusal to accept the evidence in support of closing the asbestos industry.
Two things our society has to do1) reduce or rid of government regulation2) stop this silly victim stance that pervades societyRight now we are going the wrong way.
In this specific case it doesn't matter at what point you define the moment of death. The first volley of shots was lawful, even if it meant Sammy was killed by them. The second volley of shots was not lawful, even if Sammy had survived.
It will be interesting to see which of the conservative leadership candidates Margaret first sides with, gushes over and then leads the stop the momentum of over the next 14 months :)
It should be noted that settlements have expanded as much under the right wing (Likud) as under the so-called left (Labour).
I was going to state the same thing Brian
I'd take the riots. They'll last until the next episode of Springer.
That's because people see the relationship.
I would hope that the NDP is trying to recruit star candidates in all fields of expertise. Why would they choose not to?
And the fundamental identity of Turkey is anti-Christian.
It's the real estate commissions, dufus, which are a permitted expense under the established rules. Failed gotcha. Try again.
Well said sir. Based on what I have read your 1st para. is a fair synopsis of the truth.
Trudean less that populist a mere celebrity like Kardashian etc doomed to celebrity status by his family name
Impressive as hell isn't it, seth ? They can be called out of the woodwork with numbers that deny those of the world's atmospheric scientists at a moment's notice. What a machine.
I think gender is not as big a issue as quality. Why do our very best not want to be politicians?
One thing is consistent, people under estimate Justin and are proven wrong.
Agreed, but the anti-Gun crown could care less about facts they simply want to push their total disarmament agenda on all Canadians and will use any excuse to do it.
Awww, those poor Fanjul brothers. They were so hard done by. LOL It almost makes you want to weep for how they've suffered. Even though they exploit children in their sugar cartel. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fanjul_brothers
Thank you Liberal frontmen and refugees from the Obama administration.
Back to school ? They would all "pass" and merrily continue as before. My experience with "history" as taught is that it is little more than politically correct propaganda, a sanitised version to excuse our more unsavory predilections.
Partition is "the cost of doing business."
A fetus is NOT a child.
Nehru-Gandhi dynasty description is misleading. It implies that Nehru and father of the nation Gandhi's family dynasty.
Helen go ask your red friends, Jean and Paul what they did to free Omar when he was first captured? I am guessing not enough since he was still there after they were booted from office!
What a stupid editorial! Toronto and Vancouver are not all of Canada. House prices in many other cities are stable or dropping. If Torontonians don't want to pay outrageous prices for a house, move to any other city.
It should be 'Ministry of Truth', whose army of 50 cent party has been working very hard lately.
Sorry - I meant that if medications were available to them before committing crimes, not once they are in prison. Those in prisons do get medications.
Pause ButtonA hell of a lot more than you know about Quebec..
Replace soon? Nope. Not before the next election.
'I spent 40 minutes of what?s left of my life watching ?the debate? last night.'I wish I could give you an extra thumbs-up for that sense of perspective alone.
yeah, I am an NDP voter but there is no way i can vote for anyone but Harper
The sleazy Harper government is reaching the point that they turn the stomachs of most, including their former supporters. Time to flush them.
45% is not the fringe. It is mainstream. Perhaps it is you and your friends who are the extremists?
Interesting comments. Attack the messenger. Climate denial. Blame every other country. G&M commenters will, in the main, not be part of the solution.
Or in this case make partisan hacks look like observers.
MM: Well, it sounds *wrong*. Search "working parents" here: http://www4.hrsdc.gc.ca/.3ndic.1t.4r@-eng.jsp?iid=37
That was a lot words spent, to say nothing...
They were probably all there- lighting matches! How can people be so misinformed and narrow minded?
To Notredam Catholics pay taxes too so in fact they do pay for their own schools
This cannot pass without reference to the classic Laurel and Hardy theorem 13 x 7 = 28.www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lo4NCXOX0p8
you are a literal retard
You wish. Your team is going to face the next election headed by the very guy responsible for all your party's wrong-doing.I smell a Mulroney-Campbell-like 'victory' coming your way.
We'll see. I still have hopes for the Globe.
bulliness is a big part of the problem. you reap what you sow.
You would have to be nuts to type like that.
social conservatism simply means people must assume responsibility for themselves instead of relying on government to take care of them. It has nothing to do with racism, bigotry or hate ( those are just liberal code words for white)
Alas, if only.
Spare us the pontification yourself David. What an ass!
He rammed through about 6 pieces of legislation in 6 short months. He hasn't procrastinated at all.
There may be 'many who must also feel sorry, sad, bewildered, and feel of several minds within our own selves about this worrisome story,' but can a reader not doubt that the political appointees on the CBC's board will be among them ?
You must be a contractor. You're welcome for my tax money under the Harper regime. Not that we taxpayers could have stopped it...
Interesting that Justin is dictating how we should raise our children when he requires not one but two nannies to raise his.
We already have the Great Boar for mayor. If we could only find a hole big enough for him.
Water Sprite is a woman. Of course that is her view. Materialism in mate selection is gender specific.
A ludicrous analogy.
Its 'Merry Christmas!' around here
Is that a Drumpf endorsement, Ravensbud ?
On electoral reform, there is mostly ignorance. And those demanding a referendum often seem determined to remain that way. Not exactly great conditions for a referendum. Moreover the issues are much more complex than yes or no.
Your clarification has as much relevance to people outside the absurd subculture from which the words arose as do the terms "bogey" and "birdie" to anyone other than golf enthusiasts.
At an average concentration of 3 ?g/kg (3 ppb), extracting U from seawater *might* one day be economically feasible. This, however, remains to be demonstrated. At 30 pg/kg (0.00003 ppb), Th will never be.
Their actions are very rational if you dispense with the assumption that western countries are well-intentioned benign actors who sometimes get it wrong or screw up.
Banana republic life suits you.
But that's what many academics are... and that's what many academics do...
I recently sent a parcel from Wainwright Ab. to Calgary, it was DELIVERED in 25 hrs to the home address... Thanks Canada Post, you were a lifesaver!!!
That was just another one of the 'voices'.
If you are not a Quebecois it's time to leave if you don't like what's coming down.
You think that excluding the Police from community events is a good thing? Or are you just looking for an excuse to vent on them?
Actually, the vast majority of the people detained and subjected to 'extraordinary interrogation' were not captured on any battlefield, and were only suspects, not proven terrorists.
day versus night
Yeah... a new PM every ten months... something tomstrive for!
White people do not matter is the message I get.
Well said, Shaunnarine1
Teacher's compensation is already high - second highest among OECD countries. If the Ontario economy doesn't grow this fast, or shrinks, would the raises be clawed back?
Unless Steve regains power.
Michele, You'd look good in an orange jumper. By the way, they shut people up with anti-psychotics in prisons also and also in nursing homes. Talk about a police state. The psychiatrists are always policing your brain.
Vic, what you say is true. But then you're not Jack Layton's widow.
It hasn't and there is little risk of it ever being one. Are you so unsure of yourself, your family and neighbours? You think suddenly it will become popular among your family, neighbours and throughout Canada? Sheesh!
Canadians got duped and put a spoiled rich kid in the PM's chair, and he is slowly making Canada a laughing stock
Do you even understand the definition of neo-conservatism? By the way I am more of a Red Tory than anything.
No, just the girls
Very astute.
Trump couldn't govern effectively not because of rioting, it would be because he is not capable of it. He has proven that he is an idiot.
Speak the language and get rid of the 'veil', become one of the west and enjoy the freedom it brings. Cameron is right on the mark.
Excellent comment. Very thoughtful and enlightening.
Over 80% of Spence's spending items were unaccounted for. Think about that one for a while.
Then we shouldn't be forced to pay for the CBC either through mandatory carriage or through our taxes.
John, John, John ...
Trump should be arrested and banned from running for President for hate mongering and inciting violence.
Says the opinion collected from voters at the advance poll and the strong trend toward registered democrats among the mail in ballots. None have been counted but it is a trend that favours the Democrats.
It seems to me cap and trade simply allows polluters to pollute somewhere else in a different area, the emissions still effect the planet.
Millions of dollars have been spent by fast-profit concerns, including our own government, to convince us that these are the only options available.
Is this one of the trained seals now? Did your master tell you to post this? Ark ark!
You have that last part right.
We keep pumping money in the auto and aerospace sector to create good jobs so why can't we do the same with petro chemicals?
Thank you for you excellent statement. Unfortunately, these Marists/ Socialists change their behavior when they lose the luxuries of capitalism. They steal other peoples stuff.
If 50 backbenchers had a private meeting and decided that they don't like the direction PM Harper is taking this country, I don't think that they would consult a rule book and disperse.
Thousands upon thousands of men and women out of work and she wants those unemployed to vote for her ????? What kind of job does she have for them???
Whaddaya mean, 'Where's the text?'The Devil is always in the details, especially when his agent is 'Firewall' Harper.
Peacekeepers are not even permitted to shoot unless fired upon first. How do you intend for peacekeepers to 'head off' islamic extremists?
The Conservative Party wants us to forget. By the numbers: Military lives lost in Afghanistan under Liberal governments: 8Military lives lost in Afghanistan under Harper government: 150
No, we go under because ofmayor moonbeam. The greenest mayor in theworld. (ever)
Who cares about the past. We only care about the present especially when he campaigned against UCCB for so called rich people.
Learn to spell write right.
Kristin: Think Alberta, and anyone else in the trades you know. Seen an ad in the Calgary Herald for $46 an hour plus benefits. Journeyman mind you.
If Harper stick handles this well, its in the bag.
Sometimes I just lose it seeing the perversion and trash that are walking the streets. Doesn't give me the right to commit murder, though, does it?
If Lincoln could see the way we were behaving today he would be turning in his grave. The left has ruined the political process with their shrill idiocy.
Valentines its a commercial holiday designed to spike seasonal low sales after the Christmas binge. we need something in April
There is nothing noble about watching innocent civilians have their heads cut off, be raped, executed, enslaved or buried alive. That's not Harper's propaganda, it is IS's social media.
No. Unless you are referring to yourself. I suspect that you may not be willing to educate yourself and find it easier to offer simplistic answers to complex realities
My Dear Warren--please live forever and favour us with your delightful carol commentaries until we all rest. Many thanks, and do persevere. Lovely stuff.
Of all the challenges that Canada has to face, these professional bleeding hearts want us focussing on economic migrants from The Levant. They must have tenure.
'Official' Documentary ?Whatta sucker .............
There are other choices then Tory that will work on fiscal sanity.
The west is racist when it thinks the Muslim counties can't sustain democratic institutions, and racist when it expects them to.
I agree that Islam is fantasy, but the offense is still very real. If two things equally offend, then does their grounding really matter, if the end result is the same?
Yes, Obama is guilty of that. He like to play golf better, so he is turning the middle east over to Iran.
Just another source of revenues for our tax & spend Premier.
AND math is hard... lol
It is not mediaeval to wear a headscarf. We should not accommodate sharia law, or any other religious law, in Canada, however..
The NDP and PC's need to co-operate , it's the only way to defeat an unacceptable culture of greed in a democracy, no matter who leads them.
I forgot to say: from the same Ontario idiots that contemplated having Sharia Arbitration Tribunals because apparently they do not contradict the Charter!
Maybe because his only private sector experience was as a mailroom boy (and his Dad had to get him the job)?
Governance by committee is called Soviet.
Actually, debt of state and federal governments as well as individuals dropped during President Coolidges terms. How does that cause a depression?
barjona, sorry but the NCAA does not require that individuals have surgery in order to compete.
or lack thereof
They are re-testing the Socchi samples now. Wait until THAT shoe drops!
'the expense rules were brought in by the Harper Conservative government',that government was voted out of office in that last election, but nice try
It is not a law. It is called 'good manners'. That is often lacking in the newcomers.
clearly the Sun has more substance
wow are you ever stupid people. BC makes you pay for medicare, and ALL FEES.
Other than showing his political bias and trying to dump on the new Foreign Minister what is the article's writer trying to say?
Suzuki's "mansion" in Vancouver is a modest bungalow that he bought 35 years ago and has now appreciated to over a million bucks. Nice attempt at slandering him though.
Two equally offensive posts.
Spot on. Thank you.
LMFAO - 'WWW.SocialistAppeal'???Oh my, too funny... What, no press release from North Korean Central News Agency?
This entire column can be summarized thusly:'Life isn't fair.'
And where is Boss Wynne during all of this? Oh yeah, cutting ribbons at grocery stores who can now sell beer, her biggest priority and accomplishment.
You counted the EU twice, and Germany three times. Was that an honest mistake, DUNDAS2? Carelessness, or deliberate deception?
Quite a rant, junction.............what does all this have to do with small Canadian business?
What are you and echo?
Gaius Cassius, Good post. The Rule of Law is necessary and not the Rule of the Ego as we have.
So, we should just forget about supporting democracy because you hate Harper? Thanks for the big world view.
Yet the Globe and Mail, while opposing income splitting for the masses, just loves to promote it for the wealthy. http://www.theglobeandmail.com/globe-investor/personal-finance/taxes/the-top-10-reasons-to-set-up-a-trust/article16832572/
Yah if you want to have a 45 minute conversation about your sore throat. Waste of time and resources.
Unlikely as teachers (Education) and nurses (Health) are both provincial responsibilities. However, I've never seen any discussion about 'gender-balance' in either profession and don't ever expect to as women would not benefit from that discussion.
The female NDP MPs are very fragile flowers doncha know. Hyper sensitive, ultra politically correct and very fragile.
LOL... that was to make Stockwell Day happy
"well received.. " ? Sure, and dismissed with irony and condescension as by Obama.
clearly you haven't waited for pot legalisation to occur....lay off the stuff before posting your comments
N.P./ Graeme Hamilton (26/08/13)
Thank you for your concern re- my employment, but having been very successful that way, I was able to retire early and amuse myself by (among other things) going online and baiting the backward comment crowd on the right.
'In plain terms, we should work together to produce the work force that we know the future will require.'=======What? Invest in Canadians? Con heads popping.
This article is bull-shyte.It was as it is told. We're talking 'country/nation' here .....in the modern sense. Aboriginals were regional and split.....even warred with each other. Had no sense of a NATION from sea to sea.
Any time Manning espouses anything immediately check your wallet and your reality sensor!! He's responsible in the end for the current disaster in Ottawa !!
Oh, mike_from_enderby! Many transgender males who identify with females do not "stand up to pee" (although they can, as can females). They wear skirts and dresses, silly. Much easier ON the toilet, not standing AT one.
This is so sickening. This guy standing up for minority rights. Where was your Papa in defense of English language rights in Quebec and the ethnic cleansing of the 1970 and 1980s?
And this loony opinion of yours is based on what exactly? Your gut? If the potheads you know are losers that's your problem, I could say worse about boozers, so what's your point? Just don't have one, how pathetic.
n.b. - Robert Borden was Prime Minister of Canada from 1911 to 1920. The Conservative Party changed its name to Progressive Conservative Party in 1942.
Sustained rapid growth is not a blessing but rather a curse. The optimal level of growth is humble, around 2%. Not only is there an infrastructure deficit but urban sprawl gobbles up scarce farmland, rangeland and wildlife habitat.
As long as we have a PMO who is allergic to the word 'national' we won't solve the inequities of health care across Canada
Anger management may help with your miserable disposition my farcically friend.
Now that you've climbed on your high horse and accused someone of being a bigot, please tell us about the family you've sponsored.
Sad that you're so focused on your rights, and not your responsibilities as a citizen of this country. Funny, I thought that was the conservative critique of 'lefties.'
There is one school of thought that all govt intervention simply slows down the inevitable change.
Couldn't bother to read it. Spam!
I'm reporting your racist comment.
Yes, but are they threatening, beating, and defacing each other's bodies and properties? Are they throwing them out of businesses or refusing to serve them? No. Notice a difference?
Canada also don't have to feed 20% of the worlds people with 7% of its farmland, and a hell lot less fresh water just laying around. Not comparable.
Chavez used his oil profits to help the poor. Where does all of our oil money go? Out of the Country for the most part.
This is not setting the bar very high.
you have described almost all of Ms Wente's work
The Globe's Chrystia Freeland has done a marvelous job of showing us the extent of the phenom in Plutocrats, a must read.
Sorry, I already subsidize your church, temple, mosque or synagogue by giving you a tax credit for your donations. Why should I subsidize your school when there is a perfectly good (hopefully better funded) public school in your community?
That's why we need a federal government that is interested in upgrading those out on the periphery of excellence.
Ms Wente would be well-advised to read Sonia Verma's Article on ALEC in today's G&M.
The true irony of the post 111 is that his first name is "progressive". He sanctimoniously writes: [QUEBEC ? CATHOLIC IN NAME ONLY] lol... it's obviously so far beyond him no degree of reason would uncross his holy eyes.
No football for me. This debate promises to be a televised spectacle of serious importance.
I was being sarcastic.
Yup it's the weather, its also great natural defence, how does a small population keep control of such enormous land mass full of natural resources......without being targeted for takeover for hundreds of years.....
Link Hogbrow 5 hours agoAnd the Nixorovian Culture that enables them.-------------how can you thumb down something you don't know the meaning of
if 'you' are in the other/lower 50% of Americans, you might as well be in Cuba. From what I have heard Cubans have some of the best health care in the world, though not much else.
The US has RINO's and Canada has CINO's Shut it fat boy
I would expect a oversensitive writing this, but a NDP? and the one used to promote Chinese navigation in North West Passage. It seems this guy has a vested interest in Chinese money in VC, the place he is based.
Judith Curry? Low on cred. http://rationalwiki.org/wiki/Judith_Curry
If Mr. Mulcair had the charm and good will of Jack Layton, yes he would overtake Justin Trudeau, but Mulcair comes across as much too angry and his wagging finger doesn't help. When it comes to smarts, he wins hands down compared to Trudeau.
How did that overwhelming advantage work out in Vietnam?
What would be the point? If you ban it, a woman simply needs to declare another reason.
Actually he did no such thing. Like most of the illiterate voters you failed to pay attention during the election.
She has testes, though. How fair is it to the other female competitors that they have essentially no chance to win, because they're up against an intersex athlete with hormone levels any xx woman would have to dope to keep up with?
The much-hyped free trade agreement with Ukraine is a good example. Canada has contributed far more in aid to Ukraine than the total amount of trade between the two countries.
And an aircraft carrier or a drone would do exactly what in the case of a domestic terrorist attack or plot in, say, Denver?
Shame on the Globe for writing this fluff piece in support of the F35 and sick and ugly procurement process.
John McCrae, who wrote the poem In Flanders Fields, explained 'the foe' to mean referring to war, and that if we did not seek the end of war we would break faith with those who died seeking peace.
The masses are a huge part of the problem. They feel it's their right to steal, sadly.
If you smell anything like you look, no wonder you have to spend most of your time posting on internet forums
Oh for goodness sakes. When you hear a Quebecer saying they want to protect their culture what they are really saying is they want the scales of prosperity and economic benefits tipped to balance out in their favor. Nothing more or nothing less.
"I am sure the Editor-in-Chief of what is the German equivalent to the BBC or the CBC doesn't understand that at all..." Well at least you admit it.
Yeah I know, the government just rounded me up to my work camp today! they're making me give up all my belongings to a family of religious extremeist child rapests who immigrated from Mexistan... ohh wait nevermind, that didn't happen
does tokfla see global capitalism as evil? then why live under and benefit from it in Canada why not flee like a refugee have you no principles?
Please come back on Friday and post that for TS...
Canadians get natural resources for free? When did this start happening? You can't even go fishing on a Sunday afternoon with your kids without paying a government fee of some sort.
'...more learned liberal advisors...'Not only learned, but even 'more learned'? Where have they been hiding all these years?
'Will we choose to limit our numbers or will it be imposed on us.'By whom exactly will anything be imposed? I was under the impression that Canada was a sovereign nation.
Nation wide federalist? Really? The one who said 'Canada belongs to Quebec'? And trashed Albertans... that Federalist?
That's right, BT, drag everyone down rather than attempting to raise them up. Great neo-Con economics there!
Thanks for the advice Mom, what advice do you have for the PM that knows nothing??
The only normal person in that party seems to be Rand Paul. I have never seen such a bunch of hysterical losers, except when watching documentaries about Germany before WW2.
More poverty for average joe hardworking taxpayer on a fictitious problem.
Still sound ridiculous Paul. ;-)
Hilliary's first act if she would ever be 'elected', would be an Executive Order to burn all ballots within an hour after her rigged results are announced, just previous Dems like Lyndon Johnson did.
A weird bit of illogic. Every citizen gets one vote, not many - obviously. You vote where you are obligated to register, which is where you live, or as an expat, last lived. Is that hard for you to understand?
PhilSomething must change.... globalism has increased 8 times since 1980 where as most people see living standards in real terms decline. If this is ok with you.. I guess you should stay in your deep hole or ivory tower which ever it is.
What do you know about his religious beliefs and what obligation?
Why else are they know as POTATO heads
Mr. Corak has no conception of reality.
You get SARS by accident. You don't get addiction by accident. It may not be your fault, but it is your responsibility.
We're all waiting with baited breath to see who the G&M endorses.
Increase, at least briefly.
cry me a river
Infrastructure spending isn't just about the economy and growth. It's also about quality of life, and sometimes about life itself.
starstruck4-I take your daughter's situation as actually supporting the articles point that the current teachers' college system in general is not working for the students graduating and moving into the education careers...
It surprises people to discover that the Orwellian government comes from the left not the right. Just remember that right wing governments turn against the people and left wing governments turn on the people.
Maybe the police don't respond to unsubstantiated rumours as quickly as the media
Says one of the meanest posters... guess you don't see the irony ;-)
Mildly flawed? You cant be more corrupt than the Clintons. She would sell out the whole country just to fill her pockets. Trump is the ONLY choice to save the US from the flawed policies of globalism. Only Trump will make America Great Again!
That is textbook Grade 10 Marxism, and silly.
North America is not immune to the charlatan virus !
Mind you, drinking only hurts the barley. Eating pork kills intelligent animals. Pigs are actually pretty close to humans biologically, which raises some interesting theories about why people like the taste so much...
The Loony Left are always giving Canadians numerous reasons for not voting for Harper but the omit the single reason why Harper will be re-elected. Justin Trudeau.
My dad was one of those who brought the Russian way of playing hockey to Canada in 1972 and always said that it helped re-new the 'drama' of the game.
And, you're still losing, formerly...
B I G B R O T H E R . . . !
Tossing out a few names of women leaders from the last hundred years does not negate what she is saying. If anything it proves it.
The whole bunch should be resigning, including Harper.
Everything Bill Clinton did was, apparently, consensual.
actually they are being thrown on the junk heap by a technology thatpeople like and choose to use thats how it goes
I once, Grasping in desperation I see. Duffy didn't feel "entitled"? Wallin didn't feel "entitled"? Brazeau didn't feel "entitled"? Rob Ford doesn't feel "entitled"?
to bud, really. How do you shop for new appliances, or a car? Don't you do some comparison shopping.
Well said Kieran. That is exactly what is going on! Ignorance, mysogyny, and fear at work.
Amusing all the thumbs down. Just goes to show that socialists can't accept the reality that Ontario?s long-term credit rating was lowered due to McGinty's / Wynne's economic policies.
Harper does not have a strong economic record - where are the jobs, outside of the oil sands?
At least Alberta has not had any cross burnings... as has happened in Nova Scotia
can peer reviews take place if the information has not been approved for release?
great answer, Ronnie.
I'll bet you do. Every time you hear some uppity woman dare to demand to be treated with respect, as an equal, and not rated for hate f***ing.
I love the way Suzuki justified his 5 homes by saying he buys carbon offsets........what a jerk.
Slight exaggeration here. 100 hours for marking? For a 36 lecture hour course? So for every lecture hour you mark another three? LOL. C'mon man, we both know thats not true. If it is, you need to change something.
but the point of addiction is they can't make that decision to stop (most of them)
You don't put your life on the line 'daily' of even annually. You only work 6 days a month to start with. Are you putting your life on the line 'daily' when you aren't even working. What a pile of hyperbolic garbage.
For the nihilists and militaristic adventurers.
Banning the niqab at citizenship ceremonies sends a powerful message to new citizens: Welcome to Canada, where you are free to wear whatever you like, as long as it is approved by Stephen Harper and the Conservative Party.
They are enemies despite these drones.......drastic measures for drastic times... if the Muslim extremists would stop committing terrorist acts and backing terrorists all over the world, this would not be necessary.
'Maybe Quebeckers should read the stupid racist comments against them that are routinely posted on English Canadian newspapers websites, including Globe.'Shouldn't 'routinely posted' read 'poutinely posted'? Just asking...
Sounds like 1968.
Turdough could $hit in Martin's mouth, and he would be telling everyone how nutritious and good tasting it is. And everyone should try it.
Because he needs to. The campaign is now switching to GOTV. Something he is lacking.
Indeed, Harper should be nicer to traitors. After all, there is absolutely no proof that any of the IEDs built by little Omie actually killed any Canadian soldiers, or even maimed them.
We should be allowed to place a a 'no junk mail' sticker in our mailbox.
You do realise that there are positive effects of low oil prices? The (far) larger economy outside of petroleum may become far healthier and benefit more people compared to the contraction in the oil sector ...
I don't think you understand how percentages, odds, or political analysis works.
Rob, between one-fifth and one-third of Canadian incomes go to taxes. That is plenty high enough ... the Catholic Church only took 10%. Perhaps it's more an issue of how that revenue is currently spent on many, many programs.
You think it took three to write this editorial?
What about World Class? SURELY you want to be World Class?
So who are you to pronounce on what clothing does and doesn't qualify as modest for Muslim women? It's for Muslims to determine, not Canadian good ol' boys.
Not a few Liberal friends made small fortunes off this debacle. We taxpayers and ratepayers are the real suckers.
Three comments already Mr/Mrs 'chinaknnews'?What an insecure, paranoid government China must have to actually employ people to troll the comment sections of newspaper forums around the world.
Brutal as he was, in retrospect, Hussein is beginning to look 'not bad' in a geopolitical sense. Cheney & Rumsfeld are the architects of this Middle East mess. A thoughtful analysis, Mr. Simpson
is this a press release from the public relations department of the Toronto Police?
I stated 'in real terms' : my tuition was half my children adjusted for inflation. I paid 600$ thenin science, they pay over 5500 in arts in Ontario, now. That's wayyy more than 350% in your reply. Facts .
Welfare is a toxic killer. When you are spending another person's money eventually it runs out.
Good point - family reunification will no doubt quadruple the number. Plus 1.5 million migrants this year - and who knows how many next year, or the year after that.
Hardly. Sudbury, gas plants, Ornge, Mars etc. I run our of space with their long list of indiscretions.
And thats to say nothing of the xenophobic, racist beliefs. There ability as superior economic stewards has been exposed as a complete myth. Their racist and xenophobic traits were fully exhibited in this election. Good riddance.
Did Mulcair type all those anti Trudeau comments? Looks like it. Check that.
Equity and equality are 2 different things.
You are a front for licensed producers.
men are also sexualized. there is no double standard.
Its been 50 years since our knickers have been in a knot over the flag. Except for a few loonies in here.
No. Have you even read any of the major forums on this matter? The anti war sentiment is overwhelming. You will be more effective by going over there and taking on ISIS all by yourself. Leave my kids and my money out of this escapade.
McGee Their interest is BILLIONS$.
serves you right for reading the Grauniad
He may be principled? Well, may be. But he never won an election for a party as its leader. Which just goes to show that Canadians do have a collective gag reflex.
In 1949, you had more than a century worth of industrially produced CO2 as a greenhouse gas in the atmosphere, but go ahead and ignore the historical roots of this long-term trend.
Absolutely: The proven democracy killer, a voting populace.
Bill Kiechle only speaks to his base, elected by less than 25% of the country
Totally agree. The article completely oversimplifies the issue.
Skip that tired - and utterly silly - 'selfie' line: Trudeau never took a selfie, though many Canadians who wanted to be photographed with him did. Not his fault few wanted to with the other guy.
You poor sensitive soul. Perhaps you should confine yourself to a 'safe space'.
Taxrage 2 hours ago If you have a $150K family income, why should you compete for a daycare space for a low-income single parent? ------ reminds me of JACK AND OLIVIA competing for co-op housing till they were exposed and run away in shame
And Peter, we should be thankful he is a jesuit - Hustak.
..,.,or maybe Odor is a baseball player who takes exception to someone deliberately trying to. end his career by taking out hOis knees... and can thow a right haymaker !!
You should visit his riding. Yuck.
Agreed. Internationalists tell us that we can't see the forest for the trees. I suggest that they can't see the trees for the forest.
They want to kill off something like 80 to 95 percent of the population, I suggest they go first.
It seemed to be working in BC. A recent report would indicate that it isn't working now.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
these are not leaders of countries they are for the most part imams preaching islam
Perhaps the reason the TPP should not be ratified is that the agreement is 6000 pages and is written in legalize. Why trust something that you cannot read or understand?
DHH - spreading German propaganda about the causes of the Second World War,
Nice rant. I especially like how you don't let facts get in the way. Like the fact that Trump is not the leader of the Rep Party or the so called Tea Party and the fact that Tories are nothing like either of them.
He wrote one just yesterday. I see you don't play with the Rolling Stones anymore. Is that because you're dead?
Women can be stupid, too.
Do you expect us to ask them the question for you ?
Then why did all those Cubans keep trying to get to Florida.
Witness another zombie full of excuses. Neither of the alternatives would have been this bad, so quit trying to justify your sleepwalk at the ballot box.
I greatly admire both Mr. Flaherty and Mr. Martin. Both were very solid, competent Finance Ministers who recognized the importance of balancing budgets and keeping Canada's debt-to-GDP in check. Best wishes to Mr. Flaherty.
Regular, I'm afraid that any positive opinion I had of Mike Duffy was lost the day he was cruel to Margaret Trudeau on Parliament Hill. What a complete a$$.
The computer or whatever you used to type your message was also made ' over there'So get ready for the cave..
Stephen, how exactly do you know they died of starvation? Or are you a history expert whose knowledge exceeds that of real historians.
Could we call it monolithic art and charge an entrance fee for viewing before it gets destroyed by the employed crew with jack-hammers?
The Globe and Mail has stooped to its lowest level by publishing such drivel. It inspires me to cancel my subscription.
We do not need more aged grandparents clogging up the health system despite the airy fairy warm kumbaya sentiments. I would suggest the authors donate half their incomes to support these grandparents (1 per author) and problem solved.
To many people, this is a real issue. That said, the Cons are masters of wedge politics. Perhaps if the left wants to win one day, they'll learn how to play the game too.
Funny, personal attacks are the cornerstone of conservative communication. So is lying, apparently...
The global warming fail is now plain and clear for all to see! http://wattsupwiththat.files.wordpress.com/2014/02/models-vs-datasets.jpg
Do hat stores seriously still exist in 2019? Anyone wearing a hat, other than for sun protection, is either a virgin or a pedophile.
Sorry ... there is actual hard proof that a Jesus character did in fact exist. Whether he was the 'Son of God' is another matter entirely.
So, your knowledge of Quebec affairs is based on a close reading of Le Devoir, then?
Thanks for all your comments, Doug. Now why don't you let the adults talk?
Germany has 1 doctor for every 300 Germans... Canada has 1 for every 470,. Germany has 1 healthcare bureaucrat for every 15,000 Germans....Canada has 1 for every 1,400 Canadians.
Makes no difference who I like, it doesn't change facts. Obama would be a hero in Canada, barely passable in the U.S.
Because the Conservatives don't have the Star, Globe, CBC, CTV to do their work for them.
Good to see someone reveal the niqab affair for what it is - the work of a demagogue.
If you believe this girl you are utterly naive.
Absolutely. Canadians will not support native violence and disruption.
No, spanking is not ALWAYS done in anger. Removing privileges can also be done in anger, and done over and over again in anger, and create a lot more long-term resentment and anger and alienation than a mild, calm spanking.
How must his wife feel about that comment?
What climate change? You are repeating dogma, totally factless.
'Canada has a violent history...' Compared to what country?
Jack: because you want those darn kids to get jobs, rather than breaking into your house and taking your stuff. Enlightened self interest.
'without traumatizing them' ... seriously? Kids don't care about Brexit. What a ridiculous article. And you expect us to pay for this nonsense?
Did you like how he tried to hijack the ever popular 'politically correct' term to advance his idiotic and ineffective ideology?
Yes this make sense why should we have a country? 30% of the province is asking to leave so we should accept. You are a smart dude!
We already had Trump in Stephen Harper. He slimed his way back to Alberta. Maybe we can isolate the slime in Alberta and work hard to make sure it doesn't spread.
Naturally we can anticipate no comment from the Globe on this: https://thewalrus.ca/wanting-justin-trudeau-dead/
NAFTA TPP CETA
Comey put the emails on Crooked Hilly's server? Who knew?
no, she's preventing those on her res from telling the media the truth about her...
forget that ...did you see justin expose his breasts?
It'll get built.
And Steve isn't wasting time playing the wedge-issue to the 'burbs in the ROC.
Among that crowd were fans of the Conservative Party and the Wild Rose mob. Chris Alexander and Brian Jean must be so proud of them.
Mother? What, Fathers are innocent?
'[Mr. Kenney] has built his own base within the party...'Hmm. Sounds a lot like Chretien-Martin. And we all know how that turned out.
Can't admit who was responsible can you - do you live in the GTA?
And religious beliefs have no place in public policy.
Ms. Woolley, if you had come here as an immigrant as I did, you would not be so glib and smug. This country is truly the gold at the end of the rainbow. I love it and say a small prayer of thanks every day for my good fortune in being a Canadian.
. Fred, the more far right lunatics out in the open only makes normal Canadians NOT vote for them. .
I wouldn't bother defending your honesty with this crowd, Ed. They believe every hateful accusation against Muslims, and deny every story that might sympathize with Muslims.
'Anyone who has ever driven through, for example, Utica NY will understand why Trump succeeded.'Potholes???
I like Doug and all that, but he doesn't inspire so many millions the way Rob does. Maybe after he gets elected he can he figure out a way to abdicate and hand over the reigns to his brother. The Wayner has spoken
His mother was good at it, too ;-)
Shiftless, please shift your attention to the salient point in the article we're discussing. Where is it proposing ANYTHING like the practices of the past?
Stop the Russian invaders, for a start. Put you out of a job soon thereafter.
The book's release date is in two weeks, so it has already been printed. As both a friend of Plamondon and a reviewer, Martin almost certainly has read an advance copy.
The correct and hard truth assessment that Canadians should take notice of and that the elite and certain politicians don't want them to now about.
Republicans are not all corrupt. It's the 90% that are who give the whole group a bad reputation.
I sure hope so.
The ads can't bury them fast enough. What real life experience did Harper ever have before he started feeding at the public trough?
A friend of mine got polio - I was lucky. It was a dreaded and fairly common childhood disease !
Oooo! Tough guy! Your opinion doesn't matter a whit if it's contrary to the laws. The Constitution of Canada is not subject to a popularity contest amongst the under-educated.
Nailed it.
Wow, what a threat.
According to the article on King of Saudi who recently died, he traded in his less favourite wives for new models pretty regularly. Just like in sports, the players kept changing.
500, 000 dead Arabs are irrelevant
Dispossessed? Is that an acronym for deplorable? Hey - we survived 8 years of Obama. We'll survive Trump as well.
Careful, your inner elitist pseud is showing
Leave Toronto and live much better.
You have a mental condition, Mark....that is how you developed the association.
'an older person'An adolescent septuagenerian. That's how old.
Valigal only comes out when the conservatives are in real trouble. However the posts really don't help that cause
the teachers should all be fired and bring in temporary worker teachers at half the price.
Yeah, these people were products of their times.
Given the background of the Minister of National Defense, I suspect the government will get some of the best advice of any government in this mess.
Stalin tried 'consensus agriculture' and 'collective farming'. He had all the landowners shot and the USSR had some of the worst famines of the 20th century. The 'common dream ' only means that in their utopia we all suffer the same.
Don't bait them, john, be nice.
The OP has an extremely clear sense of these ultrarightwing fringe hate parties.
Don't know if Harper is a racist, but I do recall a press conference where a lawyer called him a bigot.
What the BLOC needs is a coup de grace and Mario Beaulieu is just the man to deliver it. Let us wish him every success.
Jimbo: If people are too stupid to vote, why do we have any elections at all?
How many times in the past did the US try to assassinate the Cuban president's brother Fidel?
The ICAO is not the UN, it is an independent international body governing civil aviation. I think all agree the ICAO does good work, it creates uniform rules for civil aviation keeping flight safe. Maybe fact check before the knee jerks.
'defaming' how?
he certainly seems arrogant; angry he never caught on at The Economist it seems, based on his mimicry of their condescending style
Whether Mr. Khadr is 'good' or 'bad' is not the point to me. He has served his time, and it would be reasonable, in the circumstances, to grant him parole, and see what becomes of him.
It's because most everyone is afraid to 'offend' Islam and the 'politically correct' partisan hyenas in politics. No one has the courage to speak up in public, least of all public figures.
An elected accountable senate.
Hillary is Wall Street , Wal-Mart and a. promoter of open borders and cheap labour. She voted for the Iraq war and she supported the war in Lybia and attacking Assad .. All to the benefit of radical Islam and the military industrial complex.
This was my experience too, and I graduated in '95.
sky is falling fears are ridiculousstop being weakbe strong
Putin, the preening sissy, makes Richard Simmons look butch.
"Very likely they won't see a single cent" Only if Khadr doesn't win his BS suit against Canada
Stompin Con is on your side, Gibby - why are you attacking him? It's true - conservatives *do* like to stab in the back, and frequently.
Trump? No problem. Ignore the bitter rants of those who miscalculated, got it all wrong, who bet on the wrong horse, who got caught with their ideological pants down.
You tell those Russians Globe and Mail, you tell them......LOL
Those with a risk of brain cancer should have their brains removed.
That was my initial reaction also. However, 'archetypal' and 'typical' have different meaning. The meaning of 'archetypal' lies somewhere between 'original' and 'ideal.' Still doesn't apply too well to Mr. Ali, but somewhat better than 'typical.'
''So, the leftists want to take away my right as a law-abiding citizen to defend myself against such evil?''Have you a .50 cal Browning on a tripod to defend yourself in Grade 3 classes?
Yup, really, really smart analysis, zep. Let's just continue to play petty politics while public transit erodes ever further and people spend countless hours caught in traffic jams and packed buses. Really, really smart - and selfish.
Then argue about who and how the sentence is determined. That is another issue.
Mr Mandela did not work at the UN.
So Harper sent our troops to Afghanistan?? Can you send me the link that shows this vital information??
wilful blindness, at least, on the part of the PM
It was all downhill after Mulroney.
Oh, the fluffers are as predictable as gravity. I'm sure that Mulcair cares as little about fluffery in the audience as you and I do about our comments getting downvoted for offending the Gospel According to Fluff.
You actually have time in your life to rifle through Margaret Wente columns and 'prove' how dreadful she is?You need to get out more.
Harper could cure cancer and they would still hate him.
No. His time, his dime.
"Except" is such a big word.
Care to lead by example and take in a few yourself? And remember, they have rights that need to be accommodated.
what is easy to do not have transfer payments between provinces? well I suppose it is easy what does oil have to do with it?
...Think you got that comment on the wrong discussion thread, there....
This must be only in your mind, most survey's constantly rate Canada at the top. Keep on piling on if it makes you feel important.
Ebola can't be just Africa's problem any more than climate change is just a problem for Homo sapiens or the grandchildren of our species.
Perhaps you are relying upon your overly vivid imagination ....it's called 'projection'.
supposed to be 'never recover...'
Amazing, not a single line in the post suggests they are a war monger or war-criminal supporter (where'd you pull that gem from?), they simply pointed out how Trudeau senior was also fond of running away from a just fight.
Relative, not 'relevant'
Oh and Ralph Klein - when he stopped off at a homeless shelter after an evening in the bars(?) or wherever and told the bums to get a job that is the only Kingly thing he ever did. He lost his personhood with that act.
All those cops ( I counted 10) and not one of them had the sense to just shut the Street Car door and let the kid calm down. No hostages taken! No passengers hurt! All very disturbing.
You are perhaps unfamiliar with Quebec's system which is the best in the country by far. Despite Ayurveda fiscal problems they can afford that.
The global 1% includes virtually all Canadians.
Translation: Canadians finally wake up to the fact Trudeau is an airhead.
I gather Eric and "Think_First" are either Quebec nationalists, or doesn't think 9/10 = substantial consent, as per SCR 753. Activist judges and all that.
Is this not more or less what Australia does now? Maybe Harper should ask his visiting buddy from down under how they do it?
The show was great and still had it moments, but he would have been better off getting out 18 to 24 months ago IMO. Still he has made a big contribution.
You will just enjoy the fruits of your ancestors crimes?
Yet he claims he will ratify the Paris Climate agreementWhat's up with that?
Brian- Have you read section 35 of the Constitution?
I guess the thing is - you need to look at the loophole that has been created by the information sharing agreements. They are both scary and dangerous because, if it is being done by a proxy - there is absolutely no accountability to Canadians.
What is the root cause for the desire to gain power? Perhaps Justin can give us the basis of his own motivation to gain political power.
good counsel would be to make some attempt to be likable....never going to happen, for obvious reasons.
From the guy who helped undermine democracy by encouraging the WRP defection to the PCs. Give me a break.
Sure, the Catholic Church would be included in that. Good point.
George Victor 1Good point, I have never read the book you are referring to, but I just put it on my 'buy list'.Cheers. .
'Trudeau will be judged for who he really is after he's elected leader, once he's out of the bubble'============Getting elected leader gets someone OUT of the 'bubble'?? Not in living history.
Whether it be about Palestine or war with Iran or any number of possible enemies that Zionism has created. Harper is setting the stage for our participation.
Worst idea ever, you would be hurting the very people you profess to help.
However when the tide goes out you soon find out who isn't wearing underwear.
Don, t mess with the Academic Mafia, B.A mills are the biggest thing going, and a lot of students sticking in until the end want to be made men/women/or questioning.
No, he isn't. Good lord. The only thing he's 'equating' is peoples' responses to this type of situation over time, which is the same - fear. Misplaced, manipulated fear.
Yes, CBC is doing all if can to polarize and excite. Shut it down.
What ???? No apologies to Dr Atkins ?
Life is dicey on the Hobbema reserve in Alberta, in spite of fairly-decent land and housing there. It's a cultural thing, in my view.
He is a thoroughly owned 'doosh', that is for sure.
When a political party defends the indefensible - in this case, you our tax dollars to pay for attack ads - it is probably the beginning of the end for them. God speed, Mr. Harper, on your voyage to the political wilderness.
2019? The Conservatives are finished for at least a generation. This saccharine article just proved it.
Oh, gawd - is that the one where the scary Billy Mumy character wished everyone who disagreed with him to the cornfield? Creepy - but great parallels!
Thank you, Mr Mason. Parliament should have addressed this injustice a long time ago.
What angers me is that the coach allowed the young women to leave the field. Apparently this coach thinks that scoring points in some tournament is more important than self-respect.
Good article. Thanks for writing it.
The Churchill falls hydro project also has a large reservoir, is there any mercury from it?
How is that headline misleading?
He's not on the list.
Oh, dear me. Who in the world hijacked the term 'Progressive'?
Nonsense. Bitumen has been oozing freely out of the ground or leaching into the Athabasca River for a millennia.
Only a poorly-educated immigrant from Scotland would use "luddite" in this instance. Obviously, you are not educated enough to understand the word. Not that I'm surprised. You are a well-known blusterer and blubberer. Hopefully, you are also old.
Get some pills and get turned into a 'zombie'. This way you aren't such a bother.
The average Canadian pays taxes for the 'funding' they get. And they work to pay those taxes. Tax-free handouts of $ 10,000 are worth $20,000. So let's not use that argument.
with prostitutes? or dressing up in an ss uniform, not unlike his grand dad wearing brown shirts? ( well, actually, his step grand-dad)
That is not what Christendom means. It refers to the Christian World, or nations. I believe you mean 'Christianity'. Moral fabric = oppression of women.
The scientific consensus on human-caused global warming is tremendous. Over 90% of scientists who study the climate agree on it.=================At one time 90% of scientists thought the world was flat too.
Hostess Quickly. The sheriff and all the watch are at the door: they are come to search the house. Shall I let them in? --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
They did analyze it. Only a few words were needed. It would seek to fundamentally destroy the energy industry in Canada. That would, fundamentally, destroy Canada. What more than that needs analysis?
And sometimes you don't. We don't need Turdeau. Boy the progs sure are out with theor hatred today. Why all the hate proggies?
BINGO!!!!!
multiculturalism will work until first sign of trouble, political or economical. Old example is of Spain, or most recent in Iraq... We need both assimilation and multiculturalism.
Naw. What we got here is a couple of people who met a lawyer once. Probably the duty council.
So, cutting corporate taxes hasn't created jobs, but raising corporate taxes and instituting new payroll deductions through an 'Ontario Pension Plan' will?
Chretien has friends, Harper has Rob Ford.
With MANY fail safes built in.
Read paragraph 2.
keotoole: It's called vested interests, and absence of bias, something lacking in journalism today, both public and private.
LOL so true, hmmm will they censor this comment?
Yes very frightening, the level of journalism that gets into the Globe. Shockingly low erudition coupled with half baked implications that Trump is actually still losing.
Great comment!
We learn of past offences and if its a vulnerable persons check we learn of any sexual abuse convictions even if they have been pardoned. There is value in that and the cost is not great.
Ah, how thoughtful. Thanks for sharing.
Read Balkissoon's twitter page - she's obsessed with race.
I think it starts with Stack and ends with House.
Someone ought to start a riot on these campuses and demand on beer bottles and cans around universities. I remember the mountains of wasteful empties. Who are they trying to kid?
And even MORE! at thevillageatheist. com/home/harpertoons Enjoy... lol
Hmmm. So Mulcairs lies are Harpers fault? Interesting.
I would think mercer would go with his regular sign off of C U Next Tuesday
It will be years before quarterly indicators start coming in. I doubt breadlines will form in the meantime. The world needs to reform. Who would have thought that would quasi ally guys like Boris, Jeremy and Donald as the voices of the worker.
One has to admire the patience and calmness of the Aussies. No over the top sensationalism----just the facts presented as they arose. Not over analysis by bobbleheads on networks
Sure but what about the other 99% of the population? Anxiety.
It appears to me the age of fiefdom building may well be past. Acts of squeezing out a portion of territory because some folk believe they truly are different/special, is going in the opposite direction of a world growing together.
sirencall, take this up with Margaret Wente "The majority of people charged with murder, rape and robbery are either first- or second-generation immigrants. " "Sweden?s ugly immigration problem" - Margaret Wente - Globe and Mail - Sept 1, 2015
Right on - Trudeau doesn't have the mandate to bring in his Progressive agenda.
Then why did Maritime voters vote in favor of the Charlottetown Accord?
jkruspe: If they're religious zealots, and they are, they probably are stupid.
People do not build public transit.
Two words, 'Obviously Not'!
also out of touchthe progressive leftthe chattering classes of the left in ivory towersthe do-goodersthe refugee activists and refugee lawyersthe church peoplePoliticians looking for votes - Not Harper but the other two
Bob Beal Nonsense, and you should not say such things.+++++++++++++++++++++++++++Actually, its utterly true and historically correct - they also engaged in taking slaves. Do some reading...
Best post yet. Saunders is just another male chauvinist blaming 'feminists'.
Human genius? Uhmm !I am not so sure.
Negotiate with libs means give me everything I want and I will agree.
You've made a mistake. You would have been better off in the U.S. with the Tea Party. You have very, very low standards for democracy. Liberal Media, my foot.
So the feds are blocking construction of that ethanol plant in Wee Jimmy's Oshawa riding?
Not to mention any state which attempts to make decisions independent of US interests.
'Sitting in the middle' describes an agnostic, not a skeptic.
Maybe you should contact the US branch--- hello
Give Toronto more because it is spending it better? Don't people know 'virtue is its own reward.'
Best post on here
Thank you Stephen Thompson 1963. Couldn't put it better.
Imagine being against public lynchings and FOR courts, laws & justice! You old commie, Alceste. Remember when Ignatieff said 'A Canadian is a Canadian is a Canadian'. That's leadership.
So Chinese people are the best judges of human rights for all of humanity? That is what you are saying, which is, of course absurdly arrogant and ignorant. You do know what human rights actually entail, right? Right?
How's the Rolls Royces holding up?
It started decades ago though. This isn't a new thing with Harper. It's been a steady progression that really shows no sign of slowing down.
I'd bet oil goes to 200$/barrel before it goes to 0
A "mistake" would be a misquote not inventing a quote that never occurred. It's a pretty sad state of affairs when a distinction obvious to a 5 year old has to be explained.
We helped them by letting them in.The ball is in their court.
I don't see the problem ...if you need a hip done tomorrow and you can afford to pay you can be in the US in about 1 hour for 95% of the population in Canada. The rst of us will wait for the privilege.
Excellent column, but Simpson spoke so many inconvenient truths that he won't endear himself to the likes of Wynne and Suzuki.
So? Start a hop farm.
I would suggest your post is highly assumptive and judgmental. I suspect these are traits you despise in Harper to boot.
Vancouver is one big clearcut and toxic waste dump...
Yes, without the 1.
Brinco never went bankrupt. Where do you come up with this stuff?
Rogers are the bandits on the bridge exacting toll from the peasants. Never again with those crooks!
behaviour and pattern of thinking MUST change before you come to Canada
Rational He didn't ban them- he just didn't show up for many press conferences.
OldBanister - excellent and thank you. Jeebuz, that's the kind of thing one would expect from the editorial of a major paper ... including the promise of more to follow.
Ah oui, oui, Madame, Mademoiselle, or Monsieur (you choose which salutation, as I don't won't to abuse your ability to be non-binary, if you choose, or binary if choose, or any other type of -inary.) LOL
...so you don't refute that he's a white supremacist aiming for the most powerful position in the world in 2016.
Today's G&M is a disgrace compared to what it was 30 years ago. It is no better than the Star with its superficial coverage and glossy colour sections. Give me the New York Times or Journal any day...
explain how (after you've checked out the site)
Like saying 'hi' to your friend Jack in an airport? (True story)
Former Jew Brother Nathanael: Trump's Got Plans For America: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kcpnyhSEnXU
Exactly! Terrible writing. I cringed through reading most of this. :(
'However, in 1995, Premier Mike Harris ordered the OPP to rush the barricades in a nighttime raid.'No He DID NOT!!
Wait, what? Undo a bunch of stuff the Conservatives did? How could the Globe endorse a party they felt got it wrong so much of the time? Credibility is right out the window.
Spot on. Starting with the steel.
Really? Link?
If the woman was 30 and her husband said he didn't like short hair would she have cut it off anyway, yes or no. I don't get why you wouldn't work around what your husband liked or didn't like. It's not you're getting major plastic surgery.
And here's SCLEB with more than 70 'thumbs up' readers - in spite of all the reasonable, fair, critical postings of people apparently unlike him/her self in this repository of Tory opinion. Honest Steve is counting on you SCLEB, whoever you are.
What traditional conservative values are you talking about? Please elaborate. Or is there some secret handshake I need to master before you divulge that information.
AGree. THis Harper position doe snot make sense. But it is election time. Probably better off with this kind of nonsense than the silly economics from Trudeau and Mulcair.
In either city you wouldnt have any time to go out and enjoy yourself with the ridiculous amounts of money you need just to keep a roof over your head.
He is just like Harper - lies with abandon, a control freak, and incapable to accepting any criticism.
I'm starting to ask myself which party would the world survive. Some of them POTUSes really can't wait to start a bunch of wars.
I don't see it as an either/or situation.
The fact that it is currently tolerated is the reason the US finds itself in this mess in the first place. And the media has the nerve to blame that on Trump? Go figure!
'slower even than Italy in many cases'Not being difficult, but can you substantiate that
Concerned Citizen ETown But that will be the patients choice. You will become a patient sooner or later so wait and see if you can choose wisely.
The minute the EV fleet becomes significant there will be a ' road tax ' applied to the KWHrs used to charge the batteries.
There's different types of smarts. Also, often being smart means ignoring your gut and figuring things out logically. Coupling up though isn't always logical though.
This piece is beyond spin, Ivan. It's pure whitewash.
Dmytro - the use of the /sarc tag is mandatory here because Canadians might not get it.
He hasn't actually been convicted of a crime in a recognized court of law (therein lay a very significant problem), so habeas corpus may actually apply.
And we have seen what happens from the Americans when you don't respond in kind.
True, i am ten years younger or so but i have noticed i am less of a jerk and my wife of twenty five years still takes my breathe away ..... But seriously purses that cost $600 can do that, lol.... Nah she just looks more beautiful
Are you calling Canadians 'Sheep'? :)
When, o when, will we actually get a reliable and neutral source? Does one even exist?
That's your opinion, not the reality. You may have a low opinion of public servants but you should compare them to others based on fact, not opinion.
Build more gazebos? The idea of Clement 'righting the ship' is just too hilarious. The idea that the Globe would publish this a truly sad reflection on what what was once 'Canada's national newpaper' has done to itself.
When will that happen? So in other words, the liberals are counting on economic growth to solve all of our money problems, as opposed to say prudence?
How low can you go? With the Harper Conservatives the The Bottom is an ever-receding target.
Steven: especially in January.
Obama controlled the House and the Senate in his first term. Next excuse.
'David, you are missed.'Only by Birkenstock wearing, latte-sucking, leftie elitists from south of Bloor.....
Immigration is an area where the 0.1% has lured the bleeding hearts for a quick spin in their flashy sports car.
Australia requires only a majority of votes cast in a required number of states. The BC requirement of 60 percent was unprecedented.
What is your point exactly? That there is no such thing as historical evolution in religious thought?
So true. The comparisons and identicalities are manifold. I am a man, and have not your experience with dating Mr. Ghomeshi, however I can sympathise with the choking you must have experienced.
Unfortunately, the UN is not "policing the world". At least NATO, being comprised of democratic countries, might not be a better idea.
The primary diff between Harper and Trudeau is Harper wouldn't work with anybody and failed to use the levers of... http://fw.to/qVWjWli
I propose that EVERYONE.....and I mean all workers who collect a government cheque, i.e. municipal, provincial and federal have their salaries made public. Full disclosure please.
Harper's looking pretty good compared to Trudeau now. The grass is always greener.
The Prime Minister has apologized---------I want to know why BEFORE Harper the other Prime ministers did not apologize? Chretien?Pierre T ?Paul Martin? is it because they are Liberalsthat explains it but Justin and I want to go to the 'root cause'
Laugher, Chretien got one of his majorities w barely 36% of the vote. Explain how that is any more legitimate than Harper's 38% majority? You guys are the ones always talking about it. So you start. C.
The party won't fragment before that next election.
God help us all
It's not that things have changed much over the last few years. They have simply changed how they weigh the data.
Those Russians(?) are on the payroll of Obama.
George, you have to remember that in politics the focus is on how you massage the message. The NRA will argue that the Americans who died from guns in the US died to defend the Second Amendment. Andre
One commentator on the CBC last night said Harper needs a terrorist attack to improve his numbers. Blue sweaters and kittens just aren't enough to save him anymore.
Well, I did not claim these checks are perfect, but they are better than nothing, and, of course, they will not eliminate all potential offenders. If anything, the 2 replies to my comment suggest the checks should be improved, not eliminated.
Don't forget there are people out there who have no idea about politics... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oGiN-_6Qk_E
@Wildpeckinpah and @Snowrunner, I recomment that you read this: http://homes.chass.utoronto.ca/~siow/332/rings.pdfLearn something everyday.
Voting sucks... it takes, like... forever...
you rise important point, all suffered under stalinist boot. But any serious historian will admit that no atrocity from this period compare with Holomodor.
Of course there is still interest. The price of oil is cyclical. If there are people out there who think oil will stay this low, then they need to do a little research.
So the clerk's appearance doesn't make the comment sincere. Sorry but you sound pretty uptight.
Bad news dude, as an economist no one respects you.
I agree with you: it seems the G and M editors never miss a chance to do some 'Quebec bashing'. I would expect that from the Post, but it seems now that hitting on Quebec is becoming the national pastime.
To Tiu Leek and your proposal applies also to Russia? Pakistan?
Don't worry, Trudeau will get a higher percentage next go
thumbs down for the use of the term sheeple. don't even have to get to the stupidity of the sentiment
It's merely Mr Simpson's considered opinion. Nothing wrong with that, as far as I can see. The G&M still does encourage opposing view points.
A simple google search shows that your NASA comment is a complete lie.
Funny, the majority of Jew-hating comments that I've seen appear to come from right-wing extremists. Likewise, the examples of Islamophobia.
Please learn the use of using new paragraphs, even if all you're doing is providing infodump propaganda.
If your husband is 65, how can he be contemplating his seventh decade
More current would be - kinder - gentler - zionists.
Huh! The Liberals have been very quiet about the whole thing.
Great article, bang on. Indexed pensions, health care plans for life, annual raises above the rate of inflation, signing bonuses for new labour contracts. All of this must be stopped as soon as possible.
let's discuss Hilary's hairor would that be sexistis it dyed? is it real ?
And in the next two weeks China and India will bring on enough coal fired power to counter-act out the next 20 years of Canada's CO2 reduction and $50 billion in extra taxes. But at least we can pretend we are making a difference.
An idea from one frustrated Albertan: how about if Alberta fires its government and contracts Saskatchewan's Brad Wall government for a while? Maybe we could observe and learn, while saving a massive amount of money.
What in your view is a true 'conservative Conservative Party'?
Lagatta, I think you make perfect sense - no need to change to Flag or names of towns. Would have to move the F?te National though
Any tips? I can't stand seeing my money handed over to unionized swine hand over first.
LOL..........We eliminated Ford, he was the Gravy Train.
Agree with you- but I think I would put public transit ahead of cycling as it is more for almost everyone. Many people, because of disabilities, age, physical limitations can't bike, but, public transit is accessible to much more of our population.
None at all; just a corporatist b??tch, "leading" the government.
COrn to ethanol is highly subsidized and very inefficient. If the US gov't is serious about ethanol they need to cut the corn subsidy. Be better for our health, too
THey got the "data" from Craigslist.
try: cutting out cigarettes, tattoos, booze, timmy's coffee[did you know that one double a day for a year costs about $1000 before taxes] and eating out
But insist on transparency - numbers, case against each.
The Harperites claim that communism is evel. And yet they use techniques that copy communist communication methods among many other evel behaviours. Sick.
My mother used to say 'you're known by the company you keep'. Mr. Kenney keeps poor company.
'''Lincoln turned out to be the Great Emancipator, but his views of African-Americans, as Negroes are now called, could never be called progressive.'''Yes, it could. In his time, his views were quite progressive.
Truth hurts, doesn't it? Trudeau and his wife are narcissists with no substance whatsoever. They are only interested in whatever photo ops present themselves.
Sounds like he is defending 'Animal Farm' That is where they say; 'It is all agreed that the ruling pigs council will control the apples and milk.' And so it is in Quebec... 'It is all agreed that the cartel will control the maple syrup.'
Let's see who the G&M backs for the up coming federal election. They were all for the corrupt incompetent Alberta cons.
'we have a Prime Minister who never saw a war he didn?t like.'Wow!!!
Terrific editorial. Great wrap-up and rational perspective.
Jeff hasn't pitched in with an original sagacity in years, except with the occasional dose of reality about our 'health care system'.Better to read Krauthammer in the Post today for a real dose of reality.
Jim Cox, your comment is irrelevant. Nazism wanted living space from the East. Trump is talking about living space.
Care to offer evidence for your point?
Viva Trumpalino!!!! Viva revolucion!!
Many newspapers around the world and other media have made the editorial decisions that this is a newsworthy photo that should be seen.
You lost me at the phrase 'professional left'. As opposed to the 'professional right' at places like the Fraser Institute, etc.?
They claim they are
Typo: I meant "ignorant", not "informant".
If she does not govern from the center, she will be a 1 trick pony
Yes for the desperate Marxist, it's over deal with it.
This is a very good argument for the G&M to abolish any and all commentary.
what do you expect in Ontario - those incompetent Libs have increased the cost how much? and are still warning us that we could have power shortages even though manufacturing is down
I live in a mid-size city (200k) and almost 45% of housing starts were multi-res. It's about 60% in the GTA. Don't believe the stereotypes.
Coates, your ad hominem attack on Ms. Wente as 'illiterate' leaves your whole argument in ashes. College professor? Wow. Which college, please, so we can avoid it.Try de-caf, or kindly leave the discussion.
No the chant doesn't reference going to jail. The words can be found on the CBC website. I tried to post them here but for some reason that post didn't survive moderation.
Doctors should practice medicine, not morality. They are professionals; they should keep to their profession in their work.
Maybe those running for office should heed your advice
You are truly either a silly cub reporter or a social misfit, absent of any moral conscious to even think that this is 'Steve's' fault. Keep your silly political views to your self during this tragedy.
Surely there are more pertinent and important issues to discuss than flossing your teeth. A simple google will tell me all that I want to know about recent views on flossing. Little wonder readership is declining..
That would explain why you chose the word dim.
ironically expressed, as usual, by last place Harper haters
That headline needs a rewrite. 'Turn the Arab youth back to the Arab countries.'
A devastating critique.
Alberta and Saskatchewan are creations of the Dominion of Canada. They can't separate.
http://www.realcleardefense.com/articles/2015/11/05/the_f-35_vs_the_russian_su-35_and_the_pak_fa_108649.html
Maybe the owners have sent the message down the line that even they are starting to see Harper as a liability.
Hear, hear! One law for all Canadians!
'the sight of a traffic cop gowned in a Burkha'Where have you seen any of those? If you have to use ridiculous made up examples, kinda makes your argument ridiculous.
Ignoring the importance of Fox and the dependence of ALL mainstream media on business from the business sector in this fashion is not lost on Globe readers, I hope.
But if you are being chased because you won't answer questions, presumably answering the questions stops the chasing.
No threads !!!! Are you mad or simply dishonest. Islam connects all three of them.
Seems we are all just cows, to be milked, by big labor. The Unionistas point to the other Unions hanging off our teats, as justification for their own death grip.
sounds like you are working for Harper.
... whites will be disarmed... 2 nd amendment revision..." A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State ...will be by necessity Black/Hispanics...to maintain peace and order
I do not think there are that many people who think we should leap into this. We need a measured approach that will immediately address the worst problems while paving a long term path to sustainability.
Yep - Trump.
...In other words, you can't take down their analyses....
All bullies are craven poltroons at heart.
I hope this letter is satirical...
Great! Open the gate and let the flood rage in!
The Globe and Mail endorses The Tea Party but not Donald Trump.
The Russian bear is ponderous, stupid, sleeps much of the year (no doubt vodka induced) and stinks worse than a skunk, particularly when it is found in another country where it does not belong.
We brought in 100, 000 Vietnamese with similar conditions sensible4 - NO PROBLEM!!
The article was about the safety of LNG shipping. 2004 in Algeria... fear mongering.
I agree with the editorial .. But there is a distinction here that it overlooks. Those being critical of the move simply believe we cant undermine our system's entry procedures to fast track so many into our borders.
Its in the same place pixie dust & unicorns are. And Shiny Ponies too .
Gutsy article, sir. No tip-toeing around.
what proof do you have that harper is interfering?
waky, waky eggs an baky, Israel attacked gaza because of the bombs launched into Israel from Hamas.
You are just too funny. The federal government sends 19billion dollars MORE to Quebec in transfers and services than they receive in taxes from that Province
Yeah, only grew up there and still read a variety of news sources and actually was taught about the working of the EU while I was in school as well visited Brussels on a school trip. What's your expertise? Let me gues: Brexitthemovie?
Has anyone actually been able to find that editorial?
I support the ban on spanking. In my experience it's the kids who get spanked that are the biggest trouble. They take it out on well-behaved kids. Ban it.
It wasn't for calling him 'The Donald'.It was for the other words you used in your post, read the conditions of use for the website.
They already are, actually. That's the funny thing about all the proggy hate here today.
Great article - nice to see somebody at the Globe and Mail has a clear idea of what's going on in Ottawa. Disappointing that it's the humour columnist and not the editorial board or the Ottawa Bureau 'Journalists'. Tabatha, Very funny and very true.
Underestimate him at your peril. The Cons have a large war chest and very specific strategies to win over their targeted votes. There is no easy win for Justin here.
Dierter. The same arguments were made in the 1800's. Tell us how well the retail and the fast food industries treat their workers.
Geesh! What does that make the Confederation of Canada?
So he spoke to his family only once about what must have been some of the most critical and formative experiences of his life, and you think that showed all was well with him? What's wrong with you??
If Brown had been white, he would most certainly still be alive. Darren Wilson would not have stopped him in the first place.
Not "if", but "when".
Trump lies about pretty much everything and everyone. He panders to fear. He's a demagogue. He may look appealing to some on some issues but don't swallow this candy - eventually he will rot American democracy from the inside out.
David: I doubt that she 'toddles off to another foray...' but perhaps what she does is 'toddle off to engage in another foray...'
Okay, who gets to tell Margaret Wente and the Climate Change Truthers they are wrong this time?
We'll have even more to celebrate when we kick out the Harper gang.
lets vote him in .....grins
But then again she is attracting voters who had long given up on the NDP. The liberals lost my vote and the NDP have gained it.
Bit of a tangent
Let the woman do what ever they want with their bodies, even rent their company and smiles... pro-choice for this one, but don't waste taxpayer dollars with stupid rules such as legal to sell illegal to buy, this legislation takes us nowhere.
Giant step backwards if your objective is seats in parliament. Layton made progress because the NDP no longer scared the hell out of voters.
Maybe you're right. I just wanted to point out that other countries (Scotland/UK/EU) allow residents to vote. You don't have to be a citizen. Canada does appear a bit anal about citizenship, sometimes.
"Truth" assumes understanding of circumstances and intelligent appreciation. If absent no amount of truth will penetrate ...
Hman, Trudeau is not paying for them out of his salary. That's the whole point. He has designated them as staff for his household and their salaries are paid for by the public purse.
Ummm....this election, duh...
By JewsJuice I meant the holy wine offered as blood sacrifice on the altar, as well as by McJesus bits I meant the flesh of Jesus in the form of little, round, baked waffle pieces.
Those are real people in that video. Those are real questions. Are you sure you're not in denial?
Clancy1There is no punishment for violating the Charter of Rights. Thus police can violate rights, the suspect goes free and so does the police. He can then violate more rights. The potential for bribery is large indeed.
Well why don't you just ignore those comments then Activist like most people who say they are activists do when presented with facts and truth.
Anything But Conservative, actually.
www. thestar.com/news/city_hall/2013/05/09/mayor_rob_ford_and_ttc_chair_karen_stintz_face_off_at_council.html
"Do you really think comments like that add to the discussion?" My reply to robertsims1 has the same level of validity as his post. Take it for what it's worth.
argyle5663: Speaking of 'the Islamic faith' is as meaningless as speaking of 'the Christian faith'. In both cases, you should be speaking of 'faithS'.Example: Is it permissible for a Christian to receive a blood transfusion?
Ah well, so much for objective observations based on the record.
Seriously? Doctor's can and do make a lot of money. To argue otherwise is disingenuous.
DenFMoral, I can't believe you got that comment past the G&M thought police. What's your secret?
devastating wikileaks'?/ You jest. They show clinton is a politician. Colour me not surprised. And you want the g&m to bother with that tripe?
Right on. Well said!
How old are you? Do you remember the Cuban Missile Crisis of 1962? We almost all died because of Castro... Grow up.. Go over to Twitter, pal, and face the photos of all of the people that Castro rounded up and shot by firing squad, with no warning
LETS' HAVE A REFERENDUM...
@evilrightwinger
Great, once Turdo legalizes pot, yayo will be the new beginners drug in Canada. I think that pot should be a ticketable offence that doesn't lead to jail or a record but that is it.
Norway is the most expensive country to live in the world for a reason. I agree with you though that Alberta would be far better off not including resource revenues in their budgets, and putting the windfalls into the Heritage Fund.
Well said . Lest we forget does apply here.
works at a private business in toronto
Tom Z should gaze at his own Canadian navel and not that of his neighbour
Right on ,
Don't write off Carleton. The Liberal candidate, Chris Rodgers is someone that all Canadians should want in sitting in the House and in addition he has loads of personal appeal.
Give Michele K a sobriety test.
Actually, the king did not say this.
xxxxxxxxxxxx
Two markets that comprise 20% of the population of the country? That seems national to me.
ol' dead eyes is at it again.
No one wants Elizabeth May to speak
Using a private email server! The crime of the century! You'd think right-wingers could at least try to come up with a better scandal. But, no.
I think you are talking about the second amendment, but in any case just a stupid comment.
He should resign .He doesn't have the background for the job . He can't handle the pressure. He is only good with the 'jet set' party life.
TWF - mind your own business.
Earth to SaySomething2... Earth to SaySomething2...
. ^ Looner .... do you believe this? ^ Just lost my lunch.
The 'idiot' was uncalled for. Let's keep it civil. After all, not everyone here is a Liberal.
You mean, instead of just funding Ottawa's own incompetence!
Really? The first comment for an article on JT's economic policy is more anti-harper bile. My gawd, all you anti-harper civil servants need to get a life!
Mexicans, bad hombres bringing drugs, crime and rapists? can u say irresponsible xenophobe?
Another shrug of a column where everything will either turn out well or not but there is nothing we can do about it. Does Margaret do more than just change the order of the words column to column?
In the words of the immortal Robert Zimmerman. 'the soul of the country is under the knife.'
There's nothing like all-caps to put people off reading your posts.
a very good question and you have every right to campaign for the party/candidate of your choice... but if you want to be effective you must keep it civil and fair
According to s. 91 (24) of the old BNA Act, 'Indians, and land reserved for the Indians' fall under federal jurisdiction.
In other words the Harper Govt undermines regular Canadians and their secular politics by promoting narrow ethnic and religious issues mainly among immigrants in order to garner votes. Disgraceful!
Don't forget the repeated hand grenade attacks in Malmo, 4 in one week, over 30 grenade attacks in 6 months.
Try doing that yourself. I'd love to see how far you get.
Was this written by a speech writer? Where did Trudeau find the time to write in between wearing a First Nations chief headdress and cuddling baby pandas and getting his wardrobe ready for Obama's dinner ???
SACK WHOMEVER IS RESPONSIBLE FOR THIS IDIOCY
@Dave4321 - Just so you know, this thread is about gay rights in the developing world, not the Palestinian/Israeli conflict wrapped in biblical marriage nonsense. Please try to 'stay with the tour' as they say.
Sure! We can gain a real understanding of WWII by watching Hogan's Heroes!
They already have to take the refugees from North Korea
What does Khadr have to do with this story? Absolutely nothing.
A wee bit over-sensitive Joe?
Back to the topic of a potential candidate. If he can stay out of jail, Nigel Wright might be approachable. Switching parties shouldn't be a problem.
profile much?
You might be reading something that is not there. The article that I'm reading clearly says 'last night's debate'.
Breitbart is fantastic!
Same with mine, must have a robo voice box implanted
Sorry 'a cough is not just a cough'.... Did you see her on the plane coughing? She had to leave and exit the interview..... Anyway, I could care less about her cough. I Just Don't Trust Her.
Please show me proof that 25% of federal crimes are committed by aboriginal people. And proof isn't prison statistics.
Explain why you support it.
So are you saying only university educated adults can decide when to take lunch, vacation and breaks? Education doesn't bring intelligence. How stupid you are.
Horror? What horror? John Kerry: 'Your refrigerator air conditioner is as big a threat as the ISIS!'
Our so-called 'allies' are the ones whose incessant criminal wars and backing of Sunni Extremists spawned IS and created this mess.
Do none of you know that America is full of American Indians?
That's right, because charging people more for everything really improves their finances.
Keep on believing in the myth. But it won't take your suffering away.
The vicious pounding received by the civilian population of Germany and the total eradication of two cities in Japan are the type of actions that end wars. Being Mr. Nice does not. Don't start a war unless you're prepared to end it.
Yes Ericka you are often insulting. Learn to post civilly.
And if Canada doesn't supply it, with a relatively high degree of scrutiny and ethical practice I might add, someone else will because supply is driven by demand, not the other way round as you seem to imply.
Volkswagen and the Globe and Mail... In a race to the finish line.
'He is being honest and fair and I hope he keeps his promises.'In his new role as a private citizen and retired former interim leader of the opposition, Bob Rae is in little position to deliver anything beyond his personal best wishes.
Swearing an oath to the Queen does NOT mean you lose democratic rights to advocate abolishing the monarchy. Not legally, not ethically, not in any way. That's democracy.
nah, its far better to ship bitumen to china, and have them refine it for us and ship it back here.
Who is Bill Meyer?
When the myth becomes legend... print the myth.
You're going to give the provincial liberals a free pass? It's all Harper's fault? You can't be serious?... What a joke.
Trust me, Sanottava, master plumbers will not be digging that trench. But you will be billed as though they were. :>)
Stephen Harper is following The Koch check off list
PET adored the murdering gangster, Castro.
It makes perfect sense to tax 'bads' and not tax 'goods'. To modify human behaviour for the overall good of ourselves and the planet, we need to end personal income tax (a job is a good thing) and instead tax overconsumption and polluters (bads).
Reform must begin with the repudiation of wrongdoing. An complete investigation of the Harper government's secrets over the last nine years is imperative to clear the air, punish wrongdoers, AND to discover the full range of reforms required.
I guarantee you that it won't take too long before someone complains about being muzzled. You can't have gov't workers doing interview with the media all the time.
Rona was not well managed. I regularly shop in both Home Depot and Rona. Although HD is irritatingly American with its slick sales push, its inventory is well maintained and its staff generallyn attentive. Rona tends to the opposite.
Who is 'him'?
exactly, these pigs suck on the teat of the taxpayer engorging themselves, and then tell Canadians they need to raise taxes... and wage war on the front-line public service workers making modest incomes.
Goebbels is the one you are quoting. Scarier, isn't it.
Sounds like something you would find in the Sun, Breitbart and Alex Jones.
Interesting Piece.....
' .. Try taking five years of university (and paying for them) or more ...'Oh Please ! University degrees are not 'special' ....
The tax cutting formula has been used for the past 5 years ...where are the jobs after $30 billion in corporate tax cuts? Show me the 1 million jobs!
I'm not making it up. I had a league convener tell me that making kids do push ups for not doing a drill properly was wrong as it was viewed as punishment. So I made all the kids do it.
Are GST cuts, TFSA's, sports tax credits, trades tax credits, all 'bribing'? More like giving people the money that the Liberals stole from them all those years. try to understand the issue.
What's your point. Until 2016 it wasn't on the banned list so it wasn't "cheating". Full stop.
All the Bitcoins in the world use a teeny, tiny fraction of the electricity a single bank uses. Save the environment, use BTC.
Then it should be easy to explain it. Yet, nobody does. They just say things like "he's racist" or "he's crazy" or "he's a buffoon".
So which part of Canada do you expect the imperialistic Americans to invade first?
You missed the point of the article. It's the little things that people remember.
Nun: 'Islam is ISIS. Whoever says otherwise is a liar.' In CBN NewsWorld.
They aren't speaking for me.
Sheep . What does your question got to do with anything? He didn't mention Zimbawbwe, the Congo or Tibet either.
The Librano War Room has opened the Gates of Hell onto this thread. Fun to watch the heads explode.
Oh grow up.
No, it needn't cost more. I'll pull the switch for free!
He was right. Arab society is barbaric at this time. Once the martyr worship and internecine warfare ends they might be ready for peace.
That shoddy argument is exactly why that child in Alberta died. You are part of the problem.
Religious zealotry of any persuasion is the problem.
Wrong that would be the liberal voters following Kathleen Wynne.
The USA has some toll roads but low fuel taxes everywhere.
So Marsha, does this mean you won't be voting Tory? Your liberal elitism is showing and it's not a pretty sight. Better you should stick with the Arts beat.
typical left wing rubbish, canada never left being a part and leader in the world,, you idiots just didnt like it that we actually stood up for things based on morals without pandering to every dictator or country like iran!
I thought he had. Did he not say he felt that Canada would be more helpful as the coalition partner that would help the refugees in the camps?
Let them take away Talk Like a Pirate Day, ARRRGGGGH!
Keep your friends close. Keep your enemies closer?
This is pure BS - the males of most species compete for female attention - both women and men evolved characteristics to entice the other.
the more someone tries to belittle someone else by insulting their intelligence (and apparently boosting their own) the more the opposite is displayed.
No, it/she is hiding in shame.
Brought to you by Doug Ford, representing the overtaxed citizens of Etobicoke.
Jack A terrorist attack on Canada should not be a surprise the same way that 9/11 should not have been a surprise. 9/11 was not an attack, it was retaliation. Our participation in Afghanistan qualifies Canada for retaliation.
If that sniveling little weasel, Pierre Poilievre, is against the proposed changes, then they must be good for democracy and I'm all for them.
Love the fact that Canada and the USA are now considered "the world". If the author travelled a little, he would notice that this is definitely not a "unique Canadian" phenomenon. For the rest, yeah, I agree with his concern.
then let those who lived in the 1700s "reconcile" recent immigrants were not told that when they come to Canada they have to pay taxes for historical "sins" of the past immigrants were deceived
Too much Wild and not enough Rose.
I don't think you actually read the article.
Gee, we're such perfect Christians that a school choir, at its own discretion, can't sing anything but 'Jesus loves me'?
Almost half of trans* teens attempt suicide - the average is a little over 4%. http://williamsinstitute.law.ucla.edu/wp-content/uploads/AFSP-Williams-Suicide-Report-Final.pdf
How about Germany and New Zealand, not that there is anything wrong with either Italy or Israel ? both vibrant democracies. What is it about democracy that so frightens you?
Condi Rice, the liar and person sho dismissed the NSA warnings of the jetliner bombers? Pleeezzzeee!
Wish Canada would send arms to Ukraine to help that country defeat the Russian imperialists.
I disagree with both of you.
The problem now if that entire categories of our consumer products are made ONLY in China. Could you buy a TV or radio or phone made in Canada, or even in the USA?
There are few I would even think such things about, but if someone ever gets around to pulling that plug on that thing he calls his heart, I will applaud.
Or having a friend that is charged with multiple acts of sexual assault, interference and exploitation on a minor. To see Harper with alleged drug dealer Sandro Lisi and the admitted drug addict Ford and calling them a Dynasty. It is just sickening.
Panic by the monkey?
As the wife of the prime minister she deserves help with their three small children and for the many organizations that ask for her help. She is not a shill for the Liberal party but represents all of us. I support giving her the help she deserves.
That's what happens when you have a government like obama's that does nothing to protect the people!
And neither is this 'news'paper.
that's what we get for making such a fuss about Taser's - if police can't use them, guess what happens.
If only Lloyd would/could construct a response to your criticism - which, by the way, is bang on. What Would Axworthy have us do 'when leaders of the world turn a blind eye to genocide and ethnic cleansing' ?
Good one Alceste!
plenty of 'thumbs down' for your well reasoned post. telling that there are no counter arguments.
Faux Lamont... Ok, so did Steve 'coach' hockey? You don't have to respond. He didn't coach.....nor did he work. Your kind of guy it seems.
The weather in London is wonderful today.
Watching the GOP President's race closely....one cannot ignore the fact the GOP and Cons are basically on the same level of quality and character. How many candidates are we going to have in the Con leadership race? 15? 20?
A useless comment to stir up bias from a liberal?
You just descibed the Americans and Obama, they are the best at that. Bar none.
'Why should Quebec have a third of the placements? 'Because they never vote Conservative.
Extremely logical post, Tractor.
^ A nation of one.
How about keeping the prices the same but paying a fair wage to the disadvantaged people who grow the coffee?
Well, you're both right. They have a knack for 'doing', but not for 'getting'. Forgive the fractured usage.
(Sarcasm Alert)Jesus, on the other hand, would have been a huge fan of modern capitalism - and a ridiculer of climate change theory - were he around today. What is that crazy Pope thinking???
See, that's where you're wrong. Survey after survey (Pew, BBC, etc.) demonstrate that a significant percentage of Muslims support terrorism.
The biggest liar is Donald Trump. Stop with the BS
chicken little
I predict the pope will slam the U.S. either in front of congress or better yet at the UN.When this happens it follows that all the highly principled posters here will in fact develop their own popecrush.
Excellent article and kudos for having the chutzpa for writing same.
Yes Trump burns down a Black church and then writes vote for Trump. Ya that sounds about right.
No more taxes for government pigs that have wasted all our money, Doug id right. I support the Fords.
I wish there was a 'three cheers' button...
Minor correction. Not our money but our children's money. My kids enter the workforce in 5-10 years and will be paying for this long after Harper has been relegated to the dustbin of history.
Dear Mr Bettman, the last time a Canadian team won the Stanley Cup was in 1993. The Canadians have had just about enough of your colonial system which takes Canadian resources to subsidize US teams. Please stay home.
Hershey's Peanut Butter Cups.
Just remember, you will never, ever, get a straight word out of twist-mouth Saunders.
G S Please explain exactly how Muskrat Falls will generate any revenues for NL.
How about an article about the demise of a megalomaniac?
Only "not quite"?
"have no feelings or sentiments on this election result." After all your lies and vitriol towards les Autres in the run up to it, I don't blame you for being in denial. Must be hard when so many Vrais Quebecoises seemingly ganged up against you.
I assume your "CBC to depend on" comment was a joke, right?
An excellent editorial from one member of Canada's the fifth estate calling out the machinations of The Harper Government. Democracy is alive and well. Hip hip hooray!
He's just listed it for sale, 24.5 million USA dollars.
Justin's head is going to explode.
Well, ok, except for Israel-- the Jewish state, if you believe Netanyahu, who purports to speak for all Jewish people around the world-- and its illegal occupation and apartheid-like treatment of Palestinians.
Ugh, that was a piece of doo doo. I do find the new Match Game on the Comedy Channel quite funny though.
One possible 'restriction': learn English. Another: no honour killings. Ok so far, PatrickOwens?
good to see marcus hasn't changed his spots hate to think what it would be if his idols(false) were still in power or for that matter, Tory Slitherman, Miller, et al
I find your sentence '(Most of the time I find her repulsive .)' to be extremely offensive .It's a direct ad hominem attack, and way out of line.
Thanks for an valid and intelligent post. To imagine a Trump presidency is pretty awful and you can be sure than he'll be very difficult to control by all advisers and intelligence officials.
Made me hurl....
American guns come to Canada. A few days ago, another newspaper reported that a police dog discovered an assault rifle suitable for war zones hidden near a playground in Rexdale.
Lamont. My mother's maiden name is Lamont and her ancestors come from Scotland.. Is your name a reflection of a Scottish background?
"Again, trying to be subtle with this crowd is challenging..." lol. Pompous. Not informative.
Black would simply add another layer of effluent.
Actually, Tabitha, CBC did come up with an event brand and snazzy graphic (well, snazzy for CBC at least): Attack in Ottawa, with a still of police charging across the street.
Many recent immigrants in Canada are depending on food banks to survive. How can this pipe dream even consider that doubling the population will help anyone other than corporate Canada?
Haven't you heard - there's a big drought in California.
Was only part of this published? Are there missing paragraphs? Where's the part with the point?
Money doesn't buy back ecosystems destroyed by oil spills. Do your homework. Over 80 spills have been recorded in association with Trans-Canada. Pipelines leak oil. $1 per barrel won't change that.
You have the answer, rone81; let the students run the school. What a fool you are.
No one who believes in civil liberties and democracy cares if the not so great malumba cares !!
Nicely done, Tabatha. But please read your fellow Canadians' comments on this and other articles, and consider writing a piece on Trumpism north of the 49th.
Do you think men have been fools in the pass?
go for it!
Congratulations, you have the least popular comment on the entire blog. Perhaps you should reflect on that.
I wonder, do women commit 50% of the crimes in Canada? If so, why is every prison system in the world, for time immemorial been used to imprison men, primarily younger men.
and labour more generally...
Imagine that. Margaret Wente, with her MA in English from the U of T, writing about a topic not completely outside her sphere of knowledge. But no doubt next week it will be back to business as usual.
You must be joking, right? The NYT recently published the home address of Darren Wilson, the officer behind the killing of Michael Brown. Talking about low class journalism. In a turnabout is fair play, the reporters' addresses have been published.
Perhaps he is writing from a parallel universe..............
Denyse - the perfect example of the Canadian sheeple voter devoid of our now world famous 'critical thinking' ability ...'Well written and truthful' is quite a stretch .. need to get out more .-)
Itll be real interesting when Canadas Indians go to the Chinese government looking for reparations for loss of their homelands
Gosh, Ms/Mr. Progressive111, you seem to know SO MUCH about what "leftists" thinks and do. Please, present your credentials.
Trudeau said the other day he's a feminist.
Not you Layla, if your fellow Canadian's belief are different from your own.
Lost all your credibility when you claimed gov't employees and military expats can't vote. They can. There are exceptions to the rule.
That's right. Noam Chomsky, some three decades ago called it the 'manufacture of consent.'Now we're confronted with the silencing of dissent.
Obama is only walking softly right now, and there will be no doubt who carries the big stick, when he decides to release the full force and fury of the American military.
'The current network of subway, streetcar, bus combined with private car ownership and taxis is fine for the size of the City.'Delusional.
I say TASS lies.
One simple solution--Britain should stop giving a visa to anyone who cross the channel, if the migrants know that, they will stop coming knowing that they will be reject. SIMPLE
Red herring. How about posting about something important?
Is Junior Trudeau trying to please his fan club or secure Canadians faced with IS terrorist aggressions as PM?
I love the way The GandM calls The MacDonald-Laurier Institute 'non-Partisan'.I guess that when you're a Business Newspaper you have to pander to your customers.
if chan were a conservative would csis be investigating him?
Abolish the monarchy; pull these freeloading bums off the public teet.
APgate IRSgate Benghazigate....What is it going to take to oust the pretender?
LOL would be interesting to see the Chinese reaction to Canadian's punching their face. Who would be scared by that? But by what Canadian can punch Chinese? A laughing topic.
Good column. How the mighty have fallen. I never would have imaged Lord Black interviewing the likes of Rob Ford.
Good info. The left is attempting to ignore Hillary's transgressions, but I do not think they can do this indefinitely. There are too many strikes against her.
Actually it more like 2 1/2 men. The Liberals are parroting the conservatives on virtually every issue. The only different party is the NDP.
Canada accounts for 2% of greenhouse gas emissions. That's one in fifty. As one voter in millions, I hope you see the futility of voting.
The profundity of your utterance has stunned me. I need a drink.
that is simply not true
If jacking up taxes was cure for racism and demagoguery both problems would have disappeared from North America and Europe not long after the second world war.
not to mention hitler was a socialist....unlike harper
Making things up, are you? What polls? The VAST MAJORITY of the polls I've seen over the last 30 years have been in favour of abolishing the monarchy. en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Debate_on_the_monarchy_in_Canada
Many on the Sunni side are Islamic radicals.
Norway doesn't have an equalization program to suck dry all their resource revenue to insolvent jurisdictions...
Not afraid of anyone except those who will not think objectively, but prefer to race emotionally from issue to issue with little logic or common sense.
then we need to ban all religions What a great idea. yipee
I wish there was. There is not much to Richard Atwell. If he was any more of a lightweight, he would be floating.
Why are you trying to tax businesses out of Canada? Do you work for the Liberals or the government?
What in the heck is wrong with family values now?
Simpletons like you wouldn't recognize a good leader if you tripped over one.
Is the Energy East Railroad (er pipeline) making any stops along the way?
30% is a pretty big number of people who wanted war with Israel . It takes a lot less than 30% to control a country.
Civilian, Just out of curiosity, did you make it a point to note the political affiliations of all opinion piece writers like, I dunno, Mr. Manning or Dr. Flanagan when their pieces appeared in the Globe?
Just can't resist making political hay out of it, can you? A small number of people don't speak for all Conservatives... any more than Marxists speak for Liberals.
LOL @ the ridiculous Globe censor. It won't allow you to write this person's actual name in the comments. Apparently the c-oo-n word is barred.
http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2013/08/130827091401.htm
Correction: Wynne has not yet implemented some of the Drummond report.
[. . . now we're devolving back to our natural condition of city-states, ]Yeah, because renaissance Italy was such a treat for the common people.
Take their guns away and these cowards wouldn't last the day.
Canadians should be grateful for the intellectual leadership of the SCC. It certainly been in short supply during the Harpocracy.
Let's hope you are right.
You'd have to read Tom Berger's other works for an answer to your strangely insensitive question, Motihari. You apparently have no understanding of what happens at the confluence of ethnic division and history. BB is obviously no further ahead.
How about some anti Clinton columns for a change .... you know just to balance things out a little ......
No, but Ford made a fool of himself, and the City of Toronto, on the world stage.
This latest one sure is a hottie and his kids still love him. Lots of jealousy out there.
Comments open for a Ford story? Be still, faint heart.
It would be great for a government to enact legislation to protect victims and not just to protect criminals and terrorists. this is, of course, goes against liberalism.
Excellent point.
The NDP became irrelevant when the Liberals abandoned their principles and adopted left wing policies in order to get elected. Mulcaire is and was not a factor.
Only if labeled by their opposition....
repeat--at 30.5 % of the vote, 99 seats and dumbo for PM- there WILL be a Conservative PM in 2019 and the Liberals will be a spent force.
You are not reading from the Quran, it says no such thing.
PM Zoolander offers hope and inspiration for all young aspiring dictators around the world
Who is on the editorial board?
Non-sequitur argument. Just because someone has the ability to apply for parole does not mean they will be granted parole. But good try at appealing to the emotions rather than reason or logic.
This from someone who found Conservative conspiracies under every bed.
We are one of the richest countries in the history of the planet, yet aboriginal youth have the highest suicide rate on the planet. Amoungst so much, so many suffer from despair.
An excellent pragmatic commeentary
You are an uninformed fear monger !Nuclear waste can in fact be stored quite safely - but the Green politics about the issue have prevented any sane solution from being implemented !
Exactly. So why make this Canada vs FNs? It is many different FNs, who can't even agree amongst themselves. A dialogues is a lot easier than trying to have a conversation with several different people at a time who all disagree with each other.
Four word for Rifleman: "You're doing it too"
Trump would eat the goofball as an appetizer....justin is not match for Trump. Wait for Trump's reaction on stupid letting in all syrians and chinese......can't wait
...because our present government hates so many of us! How do we break out of this race to the bottom and to a hopelessly divided country where everybody seems to hate everybody else?
This is about Omar. His family has absolutely nothing to do with this discussion. At all.
Quite right - don't you just adore how kerf deploys the word 'insite' to demonstrate his own?
Only if he can avoid speaking or putting his foot in his mouth
Prove that NEB has credibility.
@ronin x......These are the 'values' Harper teaches his son and daughter...================================Great post!
Lots of Lefties who only know how to spend are lining up to try to take the office from Mayor Ford.
Quebecers always vote for their native son. They have done for a long time. So it's not surprising to see Harpers' numbers low in that province.
I'd be satisfied with a simple polygraph. Lied you're out truth you stay.
The Southern strategy is accurately described in this article. You need to read up on your US political history, and stop posting nonsense.
So is there any other kind of science that you don't believe in? Do you think evolution is some kind of lefty plot too?
Straight talk, your ignorance is showing. Did you not know that for every murder by a terrorist in the United States, there are over a thousand murders by gun carrying good ol' American patriots? Look it up. You should.
Wow -- are you using a random word generator or something? Can you make it do a haiku?
But, but, Alberta is a bunch of rednecks. They don't know what the hell they're doing, and they use OIL!!!! They are awful people. Somehow they got this stealing thing wrong. Only Libs know how to get stuff done. right wing nutjobs.
Just wait for the 'greenhorn' MP's to get in front of the microphone. We ain't seen nothing yet!!
How about some economic policy that includes help for the oil and natural gas sector? Call it infrastructure spending for Alberta.
pure opinion and prejudice.
Obama is a socialist, the only deal he could broker is with the devil himself.
The federal level of course. But they have abdicated their responsibility in favour of an Action Plan campaign.
Immigration without limits is an invitation to many societal woes. We need checks and balances to ensure that our security and well being is considered and maintained. On this point I agree with the Cons (only this point).
'Emmett Macfarlane is an assistant professor of political science'NOT, obviously, economics.
Early to celebrate outcomes. But not too early to celebrate a complete 180 turn in direction. At least we are pointed the right way.
The Western military?industrial complex makes too much money off of wars in the Middle East. They won't allow Arab countries to turn themselves around.
Governments can't make more babies - did anyone tell Vic Toews?
Barry is this a serious comment, or are you trying to be funny? WHy should Harper give in so easily to big oil?
India was conquered NOT by the British but the British East India Company employing an almost exclusively Indian Army. India was conquered by Indians for the British.
At the end of the day, money will be the determining factor in how this all plays out.
'The ads are simply meant to denigrate, degrade, humiliate, and intimidate.'.. by showing silly footage and someone's own words. Ooooooffff, you folks are in for a rough 2015 election night!
The backbone of Switzerland's democracy is a proportional voting system. We can start with that.
You take life much too seriously Linda in B.C. -- move on...
We were in the middle. Now we have this far-left activist puppet who will completely destroy this country within 4 years.
A brilliant tactic on Trudeaus' part - purge the Liberal party of it's senators before the toughest expense probe in senate history is made public.
Kind of yes. http://content.time.com/time/world/article/0,8599,1991195,00.html
Aren't you the same creep who stated that PM Harper would rate his mother for a vote? You are sad and pathetic.
Stating the truth should not be limited, killing because of so-called blasphemy is murder, plain and simple.
Canada is doing plenty, so lay off. There is our own safety as well to be concerned about. Our children. I have 4 letters for you ISIS.
LOL. By the way, Canada has had a FTA with Israel for about 2 decades.
Well , EricTehBlue, the power to determine who has the right to Canadian citizenship belongs to parliament and the courts. It's a matter of law, not a consequence of your personal opinion.
Rick, You could say the same thing for Brad Wall, a supposed "conservative" who has been raiding the Crowns for cash for years.
Eating your soylent green.
Commentors talk about how we the people MUST make the senate work properly as it once did. Ha, Ha, you have such allusions of grandeur! How would you do that, by putting the Liberals in power?
.'The Republican Party is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Big Oil'Yup, that about sums it up..............
Would be more informative if you debated the facts rather than descended down to personal attacks.
They are struggling as well. An open, multi-cultural society with a growing population is not conducive to the old models in a very small part of the world like Northern Europe.
@ Lines - yes, Canada need not be involved at all.
All politicians lie, Harper being a perfect example, that's how they get elected. Trudeau is not the first and won't be the last, and Kenney will not be any better than any other of these guys.
I truly hope Brown wins tonight. Time somebody was in Wynne-bags face, hope he throws her under the bus. I will work and donate for and to the Conservatives in the next election we need to be rid of this woman and her cabal
Some progressives can be very sensationalist, and I think that might be something inherent in their ideology itself.
You'd have to be locked in a window-less cell on another planet, solar system, galaxy and universe to be more 'closed-minded' than Harper.
Because you've taxed your citizens more we should copy you? What proof do you have that more taxes equal more prosperity?
No we only hear smug bragging from the sellers.
The vortex of articulate, intelligent people is what you are trying to say?
This is $90,000.00 for god sake... The media has made $9,000,000 out of it by now I bet... Get on and hold the government accountable for the governing the country.
Confront your own biases, Bob. What if she were a 'Stephen Harper Scholar'? What if the government sponsored such a position?
No my point was when you deal with an enemy who can not be reasoned with then any means including force is justified when it protects our citizens
The proof is in the pudding. Monsef has shown herself to be an exceptional Canadian citizen, obtaining an education and going on to serve her country.
OK see you.
Forget the gender equality crap. Pick people solely on their ability to do the job whether it is supreme court judges, cabinet mininsters or any other line of work. Political correctness will be the ruination of this country./
Give it a rest. Your 'facts' are pure lies.
Ideology can make people stupid . . . It's worked for you.
I fear the PS Unions and MSM will, once again, get the Libranos elected again.
We can be sure there will be Conservative attack ads trying to make an issue out of that non-issue.
What the PQ is doing is much worse than being racist. I can debate a racist person and show them the errors in their thinking. But the PQ's charter and its supporters are being selfish, mean and petty. I don't know how to fight that.
To serve and protect ? Trigger happy and excessive force could be used to describe our police force more often than not.
Oh, I believe you'll have to demonstrate that you've read a lot more history than is apparent in your review, ending in a pretentious and sophomoric dismissal of this work as 'twaddle.'
Nice to see a very on-point comment.
Imagine someone new moves into your neighbourhood, so you invite them and your other neighbours over for a 'welcome-to-the-neighbourhood' BBQ. Your new neighbour shows up wearing a face-covering. Will you feel that you have met your new neighbour?
Hasn't proved squat.
Good Point./ ..
Take the difference out of McGuinty's hide!
Please provide a link where Tory stated that he 'hates' Chow.
Only a fraction of the influx are Syrian refugees. The rest are migrants looking for a welfare state. As for "scary", is-lam is more a political system than a religion that should scare western "progressives" to their core.
Who's Larry?
It was used in B.C., Alberta and Manitoba back in the 20th century. They all dropped it because it proved to be just a more complicated way to elect essentially the same people.
Let them wear the niqab - eventually they will come around to the way we do things in the west and choose to remove their veil willingly.
Thaumaturgus is referring to Montalbano.
In two referendums voters have decided to keep FPTP. Maybe the reason why junior doesn't want to have one.
Pity that the author decided to make this overtly political (in a partisan manner).
Mr Angry. Lose a few pounds, trim the beard, get rid of the cardigan and play golf/tennis or something that makes him look human. Talk about music, theatre, favourite paintings.
'Benjamin Netanyahu ? formed a governing coalition composed of far-right, racist and anti-democratic parties'This explains why Bibi and Stephen Harper are so close.
Last case of smallpox 1977....
They don't want to take any troubles with their MP job.
More talking point paid shills weighing in.
It is evil by itself ha! I put it in smoothies and drown the taste with other fruits and veggies.
Humility is not the same as humiliated.
It sounds like the opposite to me. Also, TWU is a private institution.
If the comparison fits ...
'The name Operation Nanook, of course, is a nod to Robert Flaherty's extraordinary, controversial 1922 film Nanook of the North'Are you sure about that? 'Nanook' is the Inuit word for polar bear.
It's said that a eye's are the window to the soul. Harper has Karla Homolka eyes.
Bah! Don't let mere facts interfere with ideology.
Joe, the second half of your 'nym seems to have been particularly well-chosen.
Freakie!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ontario should not have publicly funded religious schools plain and simple. Quebec got rid of theirs as did Newfoundland Ontario can too.
Calm down eloquent. Your rants are getting shriller, tiresome and repetative.
Didn't stop Harper from doing whatever he liked.
I think she just liked Williams more than Hoffman.
Doctors are experts at medicine, or at least should be.As can be seen by the number of doctors crying that they are having trouble making ends meet (in a business model that has essentially zero risk) they are not exactly stellar business people.
Right - but certainly begs the question why the CBC is allowed to censor us, and much more severely than The Globe does at that.
Sometimes, yes. The Trailer Park Boys not so much. I like my humour drier than a Kamloops summer day.
Learning what, exactly? And, what is unique about France's experience, compared to the USA (remember 911?), England, Germany, etc.?
Hahahahahahaha! Reminds me of the joke going through my university when I was there.'What does a philosophy degree prepare you for in life? To become a professor and teach philosophy to others.'
So go back to your beer and stock market and leave the conscientious to tangle with the issue.
What a poorly written article. Does not say much for the University of Calgary. Like Harper he uses division for political gain.
If Lederman reports on it, an arts 'business' will fail. Who else seeks her out. And the track record in Toronto?
Caught in the crossfire more likely.
Here in Beijing almost every subway station has a clean washroom , thank heavens......
Hmmmm. Let me guess, you are a Liberal. No word on Wynne's Hydro sell off to balance the budget? That is a doozy for you not to mention it.
Does this journalist just look for parades and runs to get in front of them and then just goes on and on and....No critical, objective thinking or analysis, just: Trump bad, Clinton good. Surface commentary at best
'When a government starts trying to cancel dissent or avoid dissent is frankly when it's rapidly losing its moral authority to govern.'Stephen Harper, Canadian Press, April 18, 2005
Well there was that libel law suit.
The Kremlin trolls are very hard at work today!
Quebec is tackling corruption ??I guess the construction and other industries better clean up their act.
Gotta agree on the 'you've got me'. I think this was a fluff piece on someone she admires but knows little of the content.
Thank you - one sided propaganda is not helpful.
Goober: That's why I quit after 27 years and became my own boss, hired people and have treated them like I wanted to be treated. With that comes the responsibility I outlined above. I'm not the one complaining. You are. Want to trade?
What terrorism?
will you just shut up for a change?
I guess that's why Wild Rose Party is running at 46% and the PCs at 19% in Alberta. That's 65% of the voters on the right. I would bet the Libs in Ontario are knocking on deaths door too.
Just remember that consult is not the equivalent of impede.
Well then, Joannie, you must not have been pretty and smart if you think this.
I'm sorry Geezer but you have to make the distinction between white males with a red neck and those without... thus avoiding your otherwise apparently nasty generalization :)
When you look at what the EU has done for say, Greece to make it an enlightened economic powerhouse, it's all the more surprising the Brits didn't want to enjoy the same benefits.
He posts in here as EriktheBlue.
perhaps you can share just a few of your references?
what environmentalists have made any such suggestion? And I don't mean lone nutbars on a website.
Saint Pierre is the CBC's original Sugar Daddy, and they're hoping his little boy will write them a blank check.
that would be jack layton and massage
Unprecedented times. Things will be on track in short order.
Mulroney: We don't care what you say.
God knows? How do you know what God knows or if she even exists. Aboriginals are not some ethnicity, they are a Nation within the nation of Canada. I would doubt the 'modern world' you somehow imagine, includes FULL status people.
Seriously, this is happening very frequently in my corporation especially when the hiring manager is a male. You know what I'm saying...
Hey Mark, as long as the Economists can claim they got a Nobel prize I guess we can let that one slide. At least he got a real one, not one purely made up to stroke economists egos.
Boy, talk about contradicting yourself. I'm religious and you just called me an idiot.
A narcissistic blowhard? A racist? A megalomaniac?
The Aussies bought them years ago, when the F-35 delivery timeline was a decade away. They're taking delivery of F-35's now.
Weird how you say 'a Muslim male (never a female)' but don't add that same part in parenthesis after priests or rabbis when it can equally be applied there.
Are you new to the country? The War Measures Act was declared after the FLQ kidnapped and murdered Pierre Laporte, the Quebec minister of labour and the government's senior Cabinet minister.
The people of most advanced industrial nation do pay more, and many already have this kind public service.
Yes, criticizing is fine, but then if you don't have an alternative to propose, what are we supposed to do about it?
Once again little feller, the Iraqi, who requested air support, will supply the ground offensive. What is with you people? Are you selectively deaf or just intellectually challenged?
Luke: are you THAT stupidly blind? You assume any criticism of Hudak is 'lefty'? Open your eyes. McGuinty should have been a sitting duck in the last election. In fact, he was. But Hudak still managed to miss.
You can't get rid of your surplus Canadian terrorists on other countries. Canadian terrorists are Canada's problem and should be tried by the Canadian justice system.
In your last paragraph, change 'pot' to 'alcohol'. You think none of the world's political leaders every partakes of wine? Please, get a sense of balance here.
Trade Agreements that favour multinationals instead of Canadians are beggaring our population.
Perhaps, but you've always denied that any Russian media source can be trusted. Apparently your opinion has changed, because you're now sourcing the Moscow Times for your information. Well done, comrade.
LeftCoast He is a clown who belongs back on the celebrity roast tour. ------ but he does not take selfies his wife does not cling on his coat tails to be a celebrity too yes he says dumb things but so does the Sunny One
Do you have any more binary insights?
Such as every comment you make???
Reading most of these letters shows, surprisingly to me, how racism pervades many people's psyche. I believe most of the racists who write here have never known any black people personally and are just spewing out hate because they know no better.
When does one stop learning?
'Clinton?s ethical issues are still her biggest liability'Or lack thereof.
become irrelevant at this stage of the debt cycle is a must. They've had a good kick at the can, let some else have a go.
Absolutely. RCMP now to allow women to wear the hajib. Is this what Canada is becoming? A country dictated by immigrants how Canadians must change to suit them?
Only 39% of Canadians view immigration as good for Canada. ---------------guess Justinian Liberals are in that 39%
What an incredibly weak response. You have proven Bruce's point. Thanks for posting.
to Jim Young Burlington - maybe it's because she's a liar.
Low IQ is hardly an exclusive club, considering your obvious platinum membership.
Two instances of 'close proximity' is more than any reader should be subject to in one article.
What a refreshingly positive article.
Replace CPC with Liberal, and Trudeau with Harper in your post, and you are exactly where the Liberals were in the early 2000's..
bogbrush. What are you talking about?
Who cares about the Reform Party or Back in the Day? If Back in the Day is so important to you why not dream about how your Liberals used to be in power and are now just 3rd rate also rans.
Tailgate I think he forgot to use the Sarcastica font
He should have thanked the Conservative Party.
When did the Globe hire Harper to write editorials? This is rubbish.
http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-10-17/caught-tape-clinton-funded-democrat-operatives-inciting-anarchy-trump-rallies
Yes. He'll have separate washrooms for the races.
@ ejmohr: I'll defer to the fundamentals of contract law. The Chilcotin decision is not relevant to existing treaties because the land in question was not ceded through treaty.
Wrong! Canada under Harper and his rednecks.
Almost all of them pay income taxes. Check out Section 87 of the Income Tax Act if you want to learn the facts.
I'd love to see the PQ try to pull this sh*t when dealing with the U.S.
I was about to say the same thing. Also, her husband needs to cook and clean. Then all will be well.
'Old bitter men spreading hatred like they spread smell......The new generation can't take over soon enough.'Well, that's certainly one up on the 60's 'Don't trust anyone over 30.'Want to put a number on 'old'? lol
Just like Paul Martin when he was PM, got all of his healthcare through a private clinic.
Old fart commie-pinkos.
So far, six out of fourteen people agree that the term sadism comes from Saddam. That's almost 43%, which in the Canadian political system is a majority. That means that a majority agrees with me. I win. QED.
Well sorry but the first thing to come to someone's mind when seeing that burkini is 'danger' - now that is not the viewers' fault - they just watch the news.
Whatever, proof-by-example fallacy.
Their conflict is evidence that Berdahl's initial blog on the subject was right on target.
You will absolutely love the women's rights perspective of those deluging Europe now. See Sweden the rape superpower with Germany catching up.
The only reason someone wants to interfere is because that very person is worried that she might be implicated. Perhaps the commission should investigate the Quebec Premier.....perhaps she has a couple of skeletons hiding in her closet.
The middle class should be upset we making less and less money every year with increasing costs of living and stagnant wages. The federal and provincial government consistently make life better for the top 10% while the rest of us fall behind.
These men do not have health issues.
Truth is so refreshing... an endangered species though.
If Wynne can get a majority then anything is possible.
The Wall Comm study had some very interesting restrictions. For example, they excluded all the small players in the US pricing study.
I'm pretty sure okay wasn't about forcing people to join Canada or take jobs
and your point is ?
She's not a contender for the PMO. After this election there might be a big difference in GPC seats though.
cars are cheaper today... I recently turned in my 2001 Altima GXE... for a 2013 Elantra GL and paid less today than my 2001 model.....go figure..
If you were that grateful you would contribute more to CRA. Walk the talk
4all writes: 'No, Hamas is a political organization with an armed wing...'Which is exactly how a terrorist organization is described. Most such terrorist groups also create a political wing to try to use their terror by other means.
Willy, Poor Harps forgot.
Sorry, didn't see your excellent observation before posting a response above.
@GHorsnell: I just noticed you made a fair amount of comments on Sunday. Oh, Oh! Good thing the Christians don't have your address.
@YummJammYou are fighting a 500 years of worldview of entitlement my friend. Diehards die hard.
the left sees no "The world-wide extremist Muslim threat " na?ve in denial
it has worked quite well for those who have assimilated ... you don't realize because newspapers don't print stories of normal working FN people going about their happy lives in Canadian cities .... it doesn't garner many eyeballs.
flags are a rallying call for killers.
Nixon and Harper: both of them cheats and liars.
Wouldn't it be funny if we solved Climate Change (tm) and clean water problem, a terrorist group would lace the drinking water with cyanide or detonate a nuclear device?
Haven't you heard about their 'hidden agenda'?Who knew?
Of course it's not MY fault or responsibility, it's somebody else's. The quintessential, millennial response - love it!
Jim: You're hurting my ears. Stop yelling.
I'm not sure 'irony' is the right word for inevitable consequences. Harper is what he is, and his one-man show was going to implode sooner or later. 'Pay no attention to that man behind the curtain.'
Uh...not to mention emails, bengazi, Clinton Foundation.....
I very much agree flyer4. I am a Canadian expat who has been living in Shanghai, China for awhile now. For a communist country, the economy here is much more market oriented and dynamic than many of the more established Western countries.
Russia is a nuisance, not a superpower. A large land mass containing a disproportionate number of bandits but with a smaller economy than Canada. The USA and China are the real modern-day superpowers.
An insult, then zero evidence to support your "point". Sayin' it don't make it so.
Or rather a corrupt establishment vs. an extremist off-shoot of the republican party led by a corrupt wannabe strongman elitist billionaire.
whom will he lose to? name me a leader who is willing to put Canada first.
Goodbye G&M.I won't be visiting your site any longer. Unbelievable.
Who says the public is not outraged? IMHO, this government should have been overthrown years ago. Each and every one of them arrested and thrown in prison and made to pay from their personal wealth all that is owing to the taxpayer.
No he totally gets it. Its a civil war.
Just to quibble, my post is a strategy theory, not a conspiracy theory. To be the latter I would have to allege that someone in the planning authority was in collusion with the strategy.
Paranoia over comes fear...
hole sentence meen what
Truthie, do you have the right number of Canadian dead yet? You know, the facts.
As a retiree and still a member of the 1%, do as you wish. The concept that somehow the lives of the 99% will be better by discouraging the involvement of the 1% in the Canadian business world, totally intrigues me.
So you honestly feel that Hudak was worse choice than a cheating, lying, thief?
How do they keep the addicts out and stop them before they destroy their lives and that of their families? I imagine they ignore that or only pay it lip service as Ontario does.
With benefits included the average teacher salary in Ontario is about 81,000.00 You can search that on google.
He wasn't 'aborted' - even in a crude allegorical way. You tried hard but didn't make it. One day we'll all be 'aborted' according to you. Nothing new here.
Falsam Why do you post such misinformation about Dyson? Are you afraid of the truth? Please study his thermodynamic solution to the CO2 warming issue.
A wonderfully expressive article that accurately encapsulates my feelings towards yesterdays events. Keep up the good work Ms. Wente, you just gained a new supporter.
you know you're in trouble when Quebec's budget management is cited as a model for you to emulate
Case wide open. That is the salient question to answer in a province with a Catholic history. Until we see a case, there is only conjecture.
You say it like they know how to get there.
You bet - my money and my efforts as well as those of many that I know are focused on only one thing in 2015 - bringing our Canada back by defeating The Harper Government TM.
a nice contrast to the RoC's dullards
Ha! I remember that. I was seventeen at the time.
Gee, how so nemo, care to explain?
Yes Jeffrey, a party that always thinks big with OUR money. Surely you are not suggesting this band of spenders is an alternative to anything. The usual ndp nonsense. Same stuff in a different package. Quebec will welcome the initiative.
Generally speaking I think an air strike on Republican headquarters in the US would prove to be more beneficial in the long run... if that works then hit the NRA.
Pension plans didn't bankrupt Detroit. Rabid Crime and unemployment over the last several decades have eroded their population by more than half leaving the city with low revenues in which to operate efffectively
'Today's realities'... please, these realities were imposed upon these people who were doing just fine and would continue to thrive not for our destructive intervention. Now it is the duty of Canadians to make these people whole.
I'm glad they at least say who the guy is: a flunky of the fairly far right-wing Wildrose Party in Alberta.
Common sense is more like it.
Rio: "We're not talking about a medical service..." We are if the law says we are. If those doctors receive government funds, shouldn't those who pay the piper call the tune?
You will be denounced as a hate filled Islamophobic racist for mentioning it.
Funny, in 60+ years, I've never witnessed a Liberal in cuffs and shackles. Give it a rest, nomad.
How about all the church fires, by the brotherhood, and non-brotherhood members being killed by the brotherhood? Why doesn't that make the news? Why are we overlooking the brotherhood's behavior in our reporting?
unregulated unlicensed not level playing field is that not evident from my posts ?
Confucius say, One man's education another man's propaganda.
Harper Derangement Syndrome on display here folks :)
Yep - how be we just ban stupidity, ignorance and self indulgence ...Oh well ...
Get stuffed! Whole generations previous to this one played with toy guns and pretend war-games. The idea that banning toy guns or games involving conflict will somehow make the world a safer place is utter Liberal nonsense.
I hope the media and the Big Public Unions are proud of what they created. It's even worse than feared!
It's not one person but a group of people. People I see everyday. Friends and family. Strangers in crowds. 
In my youth, all that was stuff we learned as arithmetic in elementary school (equivalent of grade 8). In high school there was algebra, geometry and trigonometry, and later, calculus. Are you suggesting elementary school is all we need?
Michael Valpy's comment is very perceptive. It isn't about 'separatism'.It is about a society that has social norms that have no resonance in the policies of the federal government.
A fair electoral system will require over 900 MPs. PEI has 4 seats for 150, 000 people.
re 'Muslims go back under the microscope'Well then, just stop killing innocent people. Problem solved.
I will cancel my subscription unless the Globe and Mail censors unblock my comment. This is an unacceptable abuse of editorial authority. You have until Monday morning at 9AM.
I'm all for black people expressing their grievances, but what has Gay Pride to do with those concerns? Gay people are not the ones oppressing blacks.
The left wing elites don't just want your money. Now they want your blood.
Exactly so. And they 'moderate' (censor) comments here each week. G&M must be losing a lot of money on this columnist.
Because you say so.
In which case the title is wrong. It should read, The world has forgotten about missing Nigeria's missing girls' or, perhaps more accurately, The world doesn't much care about...., etc.
Ed....it is you who is 100% wrong. Try reading real sources of info....those conspiracy websites are bad for your (mental) health.
Well said. I completely agree.
Up to the federal opposition to keep up the pressure on that issue, and articles relating to the Harper government.
LOL. Who knows what evil lurks in the hearts of men? The Trudeaus know. Ahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaaaa!!!
Iran simply sponsors people who then attack Americans. Hezbollah, Al Qaeda, Hamas etc
The whole point about the 'gig economy' is that it removes 'big dogs' from the equation. It drives down costs, but results in net lower income to those participating. The consumers save, but it is a race to the bottom for those doing the work.
This little piggy should have stayed home
Oh, but wait... the chant was just about the rape of minors....
Rick- Wow, what a well argued viewpoint! A credit to your university!
*Someone* wants a Senate post! Seriously though, this is a clickbait garbage article.
Facts make you uncomfortable, crownline?
Moronic Your posts are garbage. Personal insults are irrelevant.
SOmetimes, being a Liberal supporter means you never have to say you're sorry.
Indiffernence is the best reaction.
Almost all murders and non-negligent deaths are caused by BLACKS
Only a moron would reply the way you did.
I am curious as to the thinking of the people who are voting this down. Could one of you explain what you object to in this comment?
blah blah blah... keep making up stuff up.
Oo. Oo. Oo. A Muslim front organization. Will you people please put these childish conspiracy theories to rest? Or at least leave them in the bar where they belong. But hey! It's those Men in Black right? From that secret base under Area 51.
Yeah, that was when the cops shot and killed an innocent Brazilian guy because he looked like a terrorist.
Shall we list the national embarrassments currently in the Harper cabinet? MacKay, Poliviere, Clement, Baird, Fantino. There are more.
I've seen two videos of Mulcair's remarks, and I fail to see the problem. His comments were measured and reasonable.
The sirens are to remind you that your taxpayer funded $100K salaries are not going to waste.
Not very informative. I find the price of root vegetables stable (potatoes, carrots, turnips, beets) but even Canadian grown apples have jumped in price. Some cross Canada comparisons would have been interesting.
Learn how to interpret the written word. The clear statement was that India's culture is in SOME WAYS still stuck in the 1700s. Not the country as a whole in all regards.
You give away the water to Nestle for basically nothing, and lose millions of dollars of timber due to fires. Somewhere there should be a 'fair price'.
'Once again showing who is not up to the job.' or doesn't show up for the job.
Eyes....that is the best solution.
"The problem is that sheer tops are very popular with girls resulting in undergarments showing." No problem. Don't wear undergarments. Might also be cooler. ;)
Mr.Trump bashes himself, we just watch.
Meh's wrong. The first Canadian mission was to Kabul.
But you look like a senior now.
And your position on Louis Riel?
Course he won't walk away, without the job and the attention he's just another guy drinking vodka and watching tv all day at home.
http://oi61.tinypic.com/2jfa848.jpg
It's not racial rights, it's legal rights in the treaties stemming from the Royal Proclamation of 1763. You might want to learn some of this nations history, JB0713, and accept your responsibility to observe the law.
Some how I do not agree with you! to many wearing turbans and other at work including Muslim head dress it is not Canadian.
Yeah. Some interesting reading on what motivates conservative impulses here . . .http://blogs.discovermagazine.com/intersection/2011/09/07/your-brain-on-politics-the-cognitive-neuroscience-of-liberals-and-conservatives/#.VbQQWPlViko
The enhanced trade agreement will go forward. Closing the Circle of Prosperity: NAFTA-TPP-CETA
(Good call Cecil).
Is that similar to the Canadian addiction to bi-monthly trips to the U.S. to shop for groceries, clothes, gas, booze and beer?
Not really.
The biases in this piece are glaringly obvious... a prime example of political correctness. Geez Louise... we expect higher standards from the Globe.
Maybe so. What's wrong with that idea anyway?
Very good post
But when is the price too high?
A good piece of truth-telling, Mr. Mason. It reminds me of Harry Truman's spirit when he said 'I never give them hell. I just tell truth, and they just think it's hell. (quoted in Look magazine)
The paranoia is among the devotees of naturopathy.
Simply mouthing simplistic platitudes does not make you a leader nor will it make America great again.
Trump isn't very Presidential, Junior wasn't very Prime Ministerial. And you thought they were from different universes.
citizen.....don't expect anything but crickets.....
But he has enough to eat at home.
A kamikaze floor crossing. Nice one!
well said and unfortunately the left will simply think you are the spawn of satan for critcising Justin
No, 36%... /..
Good point, but I don't think CSIS and CSEC are launching massive cyber attacks against Chinese government computers, nor do I think they should be.
Russia has not been the aggressor?!! Annexation of Crimea and military support given to Eastern Ukrainian separatists not aggression? Really?
Growing? Hahahaha, it is just all the migrants from Post Media and all the Cons with multiple IP addresses.
Ontario needs a common sense revolution. Mike, are you there?
There is always 'the Calgary business community'.
Your fatique does not matter since you are not American and therefore cannot vote in an American election. How about Trudeau fatigue or Harper fatigue or Mulcare fatigue?
I think it just did.
So what's your point? I submit that even stupid laws have plenty of clauses and subsections.
Better yet, read Andrew Coyne's post-mortem column in the NP today. Harper didn't hurt the ones who gave him a wide berth, we're good. Relieved, but good. He's hurt the ones who supported him most, poisoning the Conservative brand for years to come.
The only power the PM has regarding the Senate is the ability to appoint Senators. It would be considered unconstitutional to deprive them of funding since it is an arm of government.
A lot of suppositions here, not so many facts. Does Gary Mason KNOW how many children are being born to drug-addicted mothers or is he just assuming they all are?
You do know that by labelling him a racist you've more or less proved his point, don't you?
Absolutely. The man is proving to be an unrestrained hazard.
I wonder how much of her comedy is not a cultural appropriation or culturally appropriate.
Wente largely sums up my own feelings on this matter. Assisted suicide and even euthanasia may well be inevitable, but that doesn't mean we shouldn't have some misgivings.
Hats off to the author of this piece and to the G&M...you articulated what most of we taxpayers have been saying for far to long....abolish this useless chamber of the over-entitled politcal hacks and hangers-on. It can't come soon enough.
TELEVISION DEBATE is a misnomer of what takes place to the detriment of what a democracy expects in a rational and reasoned debate. For the media it is an opportunity for entertainment based on the 'horse race' aspect of political debate.
Strangely though, we're not falling for Mohamed Fahmy's act.
Liberalism presented as normal and natural and anything else as aberration and dead zone. Liberals now polling at 46% after almost two months of photo-ops and swooning media barrage.
You are going to have to post some reliable polling statistics that show his numbers 'go up and up' anywhere .... and your Ford Nayshun clubhouse does not qualify ....
The problem is that it will affect you because a federal election is on the horizon and the candidates want power so they will cater to contested areas. This has traditionally been Quebec.
Guaranteed income and flat tax would simultaneously reduce the number of government bureaucrats, tax lawyers and accountants, if done correctly. Could the economy handle that much upheaval?
the science is very clear, and more than a few studies make it clear that current trend lines on CO2 emissions have our species extinct by 2050
Some mental illnesses are just as devastating (and untreatable) as physical suffering.
Sad how this paper rejects just about everything this government does, but will more than likely support Harper in the upcoming election. Globe and Mail double talk, as usual. If you don't support everything he does, stop being an accomplice to it.
It surprises me (maybe not, really) that they can't tell the difference between a woman being really into what's going on, and a woman who maybe checked out on 2nd base and is not wanting to go any further.
Howard, I like and respect you, but the only paragraph relevant to the headline is the last one. What's with the filler in the other paragraphs?
I'm in the GTA and I did not vote for them
Keating, as you are well aware you posted BS above. Rob Ford does not have and never has had 'the support of the majority of the electorate.' Even the most optimistic polls give him a dubious 38% presently, and he won the mayoralty with 47.11%.
Throwing in that bit about James Cameron at the end was bizarre and forced with a tacked on aspect though it made the agenda this guy is pushing painfully transparent. And has this guy even watched Matewan?
McWynnie has made an interesting roll of the dice in choosing such a day for the provincial np by elections....evidently hoping for a low turn out. Any thoughts on the possible turnout....25%...30%....35% ?
'There was a time in this country when your political preferences didn't prevent you from having a civilized conversation.'You are talking about a time before Harperites.
I don't know if I would call Garton's piece 'fake', but it certainly is a post-truth sort of alarmism.
good idea. mr dix should return to college at the SAIT so he can train for a new career.
not for another 20 months
Layla4, By those domestically and abroad who don't find chaotic bravado charming.
I blame Sykes and Picot, not Cheney.
... and furthermore, is Howard's coaltion-ruling party not the 'Liberals'?
These are facts. Harper says one thing then does another, he's a politician what a surprise.
I don't think getting voters to show id is undemocratic.
What is it about these neo-conservatives and their closets?
anti-Harper rant....**YAWN**
Crazy religious f**kers are the cause of overpopulating the planet with inbred, uneducated people with poor prospects of earning a satisfying life. An endless pool of desperate terrorists in waiting.
Come to Liberal Ontario - now that is the WORST government in the history of Canada by far..... sorry to burst your bubble.
spin and a miss
Indeed, ISIS is very evil so we should just let these people either be slaughtered in Syria, or die at sea. Makes sense!
Gary Johnson, the Libertarian candidate for the Presidency has already stopped using pot so that he could be ' on the top of my game '....so that sounds promising.
prescript-ed talking points for Tubby's fan-bouys:myCampaign.ca
Never heard of a war where a government outlines its war plans. Seems the enemy can read too.
Sounds good to me seeing as how Toronto subsidizes the rest of the province.
don't ya just hate freedom of speech and good ol' exchange of ideas.
That's hilarious. One Yankee trying to order others to go home.
Fatuous banalities!
Hire better people who will represent Canada and won't say stupid stuff like: 'This would put differences where they belong: in the arena of public opinion.'
'Children's ice cream, Mandrake. That's how your hardcore commie works!' ;-)
Patrick, this would make a great 'musical' wouldn't it ? We could get Palin's daughter to play the role of Eve.
. Let it go, Earl Street. In through the nose .... out through the mouth. .
ha ha. good one.
Verifiable facts: http://www.dogsbite.org/legislating-dangerous-dogs-bsl-faq.php
Thanks for this article. I hope it helps us all see the wide ranging challenges we need to face up to.
Or...we could just ignore Twitter.
You actually believe that statement. Chretien, when he was Indian Affairs Minister under daddy Trudeau did the sum and total of S.F.A. Bob Rae has hitched his wagon to the native issues banner after leaving federal politics....it's a job... wake up!
1. Trump is a terrible choice. 2. Almost every poll confirms this. 3. Down ticket party members running away from him backs up the polls. 4. Dream on.
These reporters need to educate themselves. The Indians no longer use chief wahoo as a logo. Do they also have a problem with the notre dame fighting Irish? Minnesota Vikings? A leprechaun as a lucky charms mascot? Stop being so sensitive.
Ah yes. The poor, neglected, downtrodden civil servant. Please pass me a tissue ... I feel a tear of sympathy welling in my eye.
If he only had a brain! http://vimeo.com/79462430
I applied for a job with the city and never received a phone call. I decided to change the name on my resume to Mohammed and sent my resume in again. They called me two days later. Not fair one dam bit.
Health Impact News is a for-profit outfit trying to sell coconut-based health products. Hardly a bastion of unbiased reporting. Read more: http://www.650keni.com/onair/scott-rhode-14142/a-vaccinated-society-is-a-healthy-12762011#ixzz3R09iM1Og
Trudeau is stalking Harper...... that's how he beat Brazeau'No, Brazeau beat Brazeau. Copying Harper, move for move, has blown Just-Wynne's credibility. Supporting military adventures, C-51... smart... Not.
Emilio Mola y Vidal. And look at the phrase he coined. Two words that describe everything
Rich- Um, yeah, like, some people, um, like, they have trouble, like, they're not very articulate, ya know, man?
Yawn.....a Conrad like dictionary spitting out jargon, quite laughable, or risible? But read the article, it is full of wisdom, in actual fact.
STD.. that's not rain the middle class are feeling, it's harper's corporate pi$$ing down their backs.
Halloweens coming, maybe I will dress up in one
into the success and properity of Canada? Most of us are. That's why J Trudeau is so popular.
Because with our involvement in Libya we help create ISIS. that what happens when you have warmonger PM who sticks his nose in where it doesn't belong.
Through the 1970s and into the 1980s I too was a loyal CBC FM listener. Then they got all Liberal Party preachy and left wing fascist. The lopsided news and attitudes drove me away.
Ted Cruz, what will you do???
What's the Big Sin guaranteeing working conditions, and what's the big sin negotiating perks. The only Big Sin is not having budgeted for it, then blaming it on staff...
Not very bright of them then, is it Left?
' nor did they trust Harper with the best interests of Ontario.'Uh, better take a look at the seat count from the 2011 Federal election, on that one.. Oh, and I can assure you you are much older, and angrier than I am.
Once upon a time specialized blacksmiths used to shoe horses...
The Liberals, NDP and Bloc also enthusiastically supported this bill, so their polls would seem to agree with the Conservatives.
Joey, You're rudeness is indicative of what stock you come from and how you've been educated. I'm a capitalist, LOL, and conservative, but you can't figure it out?
Certainly the Billion Dollar loss skewers the idea he is a successful business man.
Reagan had Jeffrey Lord behind him, who turned Reagan's fortunes around by going after the religious right's vote, and, now, he is behind Trump's pursuit of the uneducatedand undereducated vote.
I'm hoping PKP will take the reins of the PQ and push independence over the top. Don't underestimate his capabilities.
Articulate and clear. Want to run for PM - we need some clear thinkers!
Since when was Iran an Arabic country?
Moreover, the various tribes were often at war with each other.
That's a good summary. Lady GagGag fans and Twitts will see Li' Trudeau anointed.
No no no - it's net zero for THEIR costs - not yours.
Wearing the Niqab infringes on no one's rights - so what's the problem. Either you support freedom of expression or not. Which is it?
If he was so single-minded, how'd Harper win a majority government? Are Ontario voters that stupid?
I now know where Butt has his head
Surely its 'because' you are a conservative voter you hate this type of populist legislation?
'the Foundation for Defense of Democracies'========Hasbara.
sodom or gamorah, its all the same, did the ndp jump in bed with the liberals then?
You can't and shouldn't always reduce political stances to person issues, but occasionally that approach imposes itself. That's the case with the MRAs, in my experience. A bunch of very wounded guys.
Exactly, he's gone this time.
Bush-lite vs. Kardashian-lite vs. Castro-lite. I still like Bush-lite's chances in 2015.
Great idea!
what a cop out we are with our PEACEKEEPINGCanada cannot KEEP the peace until someone MAKES the peaceif everyone thought like Canada, as you propose, then there would be no PEACEMAKINGand therefore no peace for holier than thou Canada to KEEP
Coming from you Mr Burns, mister of missing each and every point even when pointed out to you, I take it as a great compliment. You always have been and I see you continue not to get it. Real CON>
Where's the G&M coverage of the tax evasion story. It's world class news.
Agreed... recently read the Old Testament. Horrible book, full of genocide and infanticide... it made my skin crawl.
You didn't answer the question (however rhetorical it might be): will $42,000 really make things better or simply keep them out of poverty for a few more years? And what happens when the money's all gone?
Stephen Harper not doing what's right on health care? Unbelievable!
At first I thought it was going to be a serious article, then I realized it was sarcasm, then... oh, never mind...
Just Say No.
Climate models seem to work. We're having just the kind of winter predicted by the experts.
Good. Another wasted vote that will re-elect Harper.
Everything they write is based in the orange headed Fuehrer's own words. Then the man with the soft little hands rails against those who say he is going to do what he says he is going to do.
Too many of them 'go to journalism school' nowadays. Things lean solidly to the left at every one of those in this country.
Sure they are if they are correct.
Wake up Ontario. You're being forced by law to accept you no longer have the right to raise your children as you see fit. Wake up now!
I read a study once that said Elvis still lives.
Oh you left out one word..... DENY.
What vocal styling? The guy can't sing worth crap. Never could. I couldn't understand him in the 60's and still can't. As a lyricist though, he's something else.
Is it a question of vengeance or is the system protecting itself from a dangerous sociopath?
Yes it was. He became premier in december 1992 and his first budget was 1993. GDP growth total and per capita looks just fine to me. Outstanding really. Check table 1 at this link: www.pembina.org/pub/66
If the Answer is still no, why is the government paying to remain in the program? I thought the new government was going to leave the program, an the answer from the Canadians was no?Thats curious.
It is irrational to suffer from Islamophobia... sadly it is completely rational to fear Muslims however.
Another reason why Iavid movies. Most of them are stupid, all of them are noisy.
And if you read the article you'd see how your post is irrelevant and misleading.
Maybe, but to equate that with the struggle of gay people for the right to life and dignity, as the author does, is ludicrous.
I'm not optimistic.
We can ask that the needs of ALL Canadians are met.
> I am voting for Ford just because he pisses of the Elite, their lying media and the radical special interest groups. So what you're saying is that you're an idiot. Gotcha.
Bravo Tutti Fruitti. Your vision of European reality is much closer than opinion expressed by reporter. Her bias has no equal as usual. Her propaganda has no fair balance of opinion indeed.
when i go to a hockey game in canada, i refuse to stand up for the u.s.national anthem. why? i could write a book.
I find 'babying these people' a very disrespectful statement. I understand your frustration. No need to demean a race of people.
Why don't they just drink bottled water and leave the poor to brush their teeth with the fluoridated public water?
There are over 30 polls that show Clinton leading and 1 poll the one from LA that favoured Trump. See 538
'...looking to increase its numbers by encouraging confused children and adolescents to 'transition.'I don't think so.... They are rather radical but I highly doubt that this is happening as you describe.
I bet you can post 'sex appeal'
Stephen Harper is the ONLY Canadian PM to receive an Honorary Chief title. Pretty much tells you what the First Nations thought about Chretian and Martin
The difference is, it soundly illustrates why Trump is unfit for office.
But that's the problem isn't it. Every society and religion sees itself as being more moral than others. What is mercy to one is barbarism to another. What is piety to some, tyranny to others.
At least this woman knows how to spell.
Fluff boy and his if we love them they will love us approach to the issue in the world are are all wrong but that's what you get when you have little love staverd school girls and old cougars vote for a politician on his looks and not his brains
Absolutely. Unfortunately hidden agendas and cronyisms rule, not common sense.
Do you remember Neil MacDonald admitting that on the CBC that they have a 'red line' in place....and that there are issues (Islam being the one mentioned) that they will not talk about. Are you surprised?
It also implies that anybody older, without children, is not welcome. I hate the word 'granny' or say 'mothers' against drunk driving.
Artie, you have weird sense of understanding. Great Ape is right!
Peace be with you Emily.
You had a chance to end it last time -- but Hudak opened his mouth .. and thus more Wynne time.
Actually, Mr. DC, like most people, after the women's public interviews, I was wondering what on Earth Ghomeshi's defense was to be. I did not realize that the interviews left out a lot of information, and included some that simply was not true.
And the sad thing is.... alcohol does the most damage in the privacy of ones home.
An empty-headed, vicious screed of lies. Classic Globe comment page stuff.
Already way too much micro-management of citizen's lives by government.
Same thing happened on the CBC forum during our last election .... and there was a slew of new posters making nasty lil' comments .... obviously idle CBC staff manning their keyboards and slagging Harper .... soooo obvious ...!!!
'he has become unhinged'...unhinged from what?...the blatant lies?
Maude Barlow. Really.
It's a modification of a comment John Diefenbaker used to make about Conservatives in turn of the century Saskatchewan.
I didn't see the 'speech', but my nursing training did cover many things that can cause excessive thirst, including some anti-anxiety medications, some of which can space you right out.
Well put. Me too.
At this point the word brain trust as used for Junior and the LPC is an oxymoron.
PS 1. You clearly hold yourself in (too) high regard.
sad but so true
And how would Trump's protectionism and buy American help us?
Non-solpsistic voters also vote with wallets, just not theirs.
Now try saying that to the CPC
Trudeau doesn't have to as long as Baird is the laughing stock of both countries.
Beautifully argued piece
Jesse Winger, You are incorrect. This is called the Rule of the Ego.
The fact that such comments can be made about any person shows you how low we have sunk in this country. You have no respect for yourself, let alone the Prime Minister.
You both bore me.
Sounds a little Marxist to me.
My favourite kind of Conservative fanboi: the Internet Tough Guy. 'Jack Reacher,' forsooth. Also, your anecdote is not very believable. Are you sure are not making it up? Honest and for true?
'One cannot complain endlessly about his 'lack of policy' and 'hopey/changey' words (as I've heard so often from detractors) and then claim his 'policies' have no substance ...'--------------Yes you can if he never gets around to talking policy. :)
Unfortunately, people vote for warm and fuzzy and cute, instead of knowledgeable and realistic.
free trade, and unfettered shipping of jobs to places like india is what is pushing us into poverty, we have a moral obligation to help canadians before foreigners
Troll? Just as donating blood is anything but obligatory, I'm quite sure that they won't be taking women's cord blood by force.
I remember, I remember BuffaloAnd I remember HengeloIt would seem to meI remember every single ***king thing I know Gord Downy - The Hip.
We fought the Great War and WW2, after that it was just political gimmicks and wanna-be-goody-2-shoes for the U.N. mafia, let them play the war game alone: the West did is fair share of wars, let the East, middle-east and africa do theirs
Rob Ford does not have the attention span to write editorials.
Its exactly the opposite occurring. I don't know where you are getting your information.
Does that make me a follower of the 'Public' religion? I had no idea it was a religion.
Silly comment there! There is no 'Russian imperialism'.
Yup. Minority NDP F T W.
Yep, that's about what passes for 'leadership' out of the Conservative party these days. There are no standards of decency or intelligence whatsoever when it comes to this party of degenerates and fools.
Oh, ya, some doofus robocalling some residents in Guelph easily takes the prize over a party stacking an "electoral reform" committee of its making, and with a steadfast refusal to deny Canadians any say in what that one party chooses.
diane marie: Do you think any of that gets Trudeau off the hook for imposing the War Measures Act, which led to the arrest of an overwhelming number of innocent men and women? I don't.
Lock him up.
'And lets not touch on the whole refugee system.' I think we need to as you allude.
OMG, a woman is offended. Everybody rush to protect her delicate sensibilities from the outside world.
typed like the true racist you've proven to be
Hillary and sane in the same sentence. My computer wants to explode.
Does it matter to you as a tax payer who was in power when it went missing? Lets set this partisan politics aside and demand we want to know where this money went no matter who is responsible. JUMPIN JESUS!
The issue has nothing to do with grammar or politeness.
Kind of what happens here... if you dare to question the Liberal consensus you get shouted down as a racist and a bigot.
Harper: he didn't appoint Senator Duffy for you.
The police are the front line of defense for the establishment and its privileges. If they scare the rest of us, so much the better... from an establishment point of view.
She should have been given the ORDER OF CANADA.
'extremely violent misogynist subculture' ?I suppose misogynist is a matter of opinion. But other than Rodger's manifesto and video I didn't see anyone else calling for violence.
By saying "Boy"...by your own highly selective logic based on semantics, you display overt sexism.
Over? It just started.
Nice try Joe. So your argument is that polarizing slander, "If I don't have a good job, then why should public employees have one." Me, me, me, me ...
Funny, but I've yet to see an opinion piece in the G&M on Trump that isn't filled with hysteria and hyperbole.
Yeah, because trying to force the First Nations to give up their culture has never had negative consequences for them before!
Well stated Norm.. Canada is in a position to help and we need to help out the refugees as best we can. Take care. Ross
'Why Obama killed Keystone'He hates canada1
oh yeah, it is in a book, it must be true. get real.
the fact that an racist, ignorant, hateful cretin like donald trump is given any media coverage at all says everything about what kind of country the united states has become.
Because the rate of inflation is slowing down wouldn't mean that inflation has stopped. Learn logic.
Where are the same good men w.r.t Ukraine? Oh yeah, they cut 'n run.
...they have not....
I think its just a diversionary tactic... to avoid scrutiny of his Orwellian 'Fair Elections Act'
Maybe Montrealers and Winnipeggers pray harder. Maybe the Leafs haven't a prayer..
Not really.'fans' in Toronto want their teams to play New York, not Halifax... or even Hamilton, for that matter... playing Winnipeg, is acceptable, as long as New York, or Chicago is in the mix... World class, and all that, you know....
Oil field waste disposal can cause earthquakes.
Federalism/Devolution Max was originally on offer but this was taken off the ballot at the insistence of Westminster. They do not want Scotland to have more powers and they gabled that Scotland would reject independence.
And let the generations to come find their way in a screwed-up biosphere.
You do realize this is a racial slur, do you?
I've noticed over the years that those $25/hr union jobs tended to pay higher taxes than the $12/hr non-union jobs that replaced them. I wonder how that has affected overall government revenue.
''''And wouldn?t the CBC be the first to take down a politician in a similar conflict?''''Yes.Yes.Yes.YesYes.YesYes.YesYes.Yes.....................
Funny, belief in the Holocaust seems to work the same way.
And "The Protection of Communities From Consensual Sex Acts Act"
Good thing you're around to bring people together... I'd rather have lunch with the current head of Al Qaeda than spend time with you.
Just - Well said.
You need to get out more - preferrably into the real world ....
http://www.proudtobecanadian.ca/paul_martin_implicated_in_10_million_that_we_know_about_scandal/He also forgot he wrote a 160 000 cheque of tax payer money to his own steam ship company. Yet your concerned on 100 000G?
Who cares about the 1st world war?? I doubt if any body is alive who participated. Once again it was old mother England sucking in the colonists to be cannon fodder, in a war which England got themselves into .
Here's your reality - Harper's gone (and good riddance!). Get over it.
Yourr tears are delicious
Interesting to read comments from leftist posters regarding the CPC. None of you would vote for any party other than Liberal, therefore your opinions don't matter a fig. The square peg will never fit into the round hole.
And explain to me why the rich aren't participating in this levelling dear David? Don't they want to do their part in raising 3rd world living standards? Don't they want to feel better about themselves?
You have a poor imagination then because many of Harper's base will in fact believe!
He Also Has Selfie photographer(s ) he took a plane full to France with him
Also, what-the-heck, why is this article filed under news? It should be filed under commentary.
Joe was a leader who could not work with others. As PM he could not count. ''Its my way or the highway'- a direct quote.
We use to smoke Hashish back inthe 60 and 70's and I know today's Cannabis is NOT stronger the Hash. LOL you Editorial guys have no clue
Terribly juvenile of Harper to hid in a closet while he poses and preens for war - from behind his RCMP security detail.
They have been away from the trough for 8 years which is eternity for the Lberals. So expect some irrational exuberance when they first wallow in it..
'Get over yourselves'? Are you serious? You realize that we are talking about a racialized group that is being systemically oppressed and murdered by police? I wonder if you would say that if you were the mother of a black teen-aged boy?
The needs of Ontario are greater than that of TO....they are far more urgent than those of TO.
Leave Ron alone, he has major issues.
Amen, Turlough. TRAGICALLY dumb!
They're all on the public dime, so negotiations are with themselves, no private sector at the table.
No, Margaret, why were they so silly as to vote to leave the EU?
@Progressive111: Got it. You think electoral reform is a partisan issue and think that specific voices should be marginalized because you disagree with them. (Not an NDP supporter by the way.)
i guess when the mirror is held up to Globe Warming alarmists they recoil at the image of themselves in the mirror and they thumbs down
35% is the base. That's nothing to sneeze at in a fractured legislator.
Krusher. Lack of evidence for you but not for the myriad of folks who believe in God.
excellent point
Like Oda's $16.00 glass of OJ she had to resign over? We are talking thousands here.
I have never met a man who had a problem with women that were very very friendly.
I don't want to marry Christmas... just one merry night a year!
But when the numbers are crunched, only slightly more than 13% supported the new proposed constitution. www.globalresearch.ca/statistically-examining-cairos-constitutional-referendum-did-morsi-hijack-democracy/5320067
Mr. Bar-Natan and his co-appellants did not ask for a change of government, they only asked for a change to the oath of allegiance.
Ho hum. You posted this earlier. India is a present day basket case of their accord.
I believe that you're talking about a Power of Attorney. Wills aren't read and have no validity until after you're dead.
Read my comment below, on dolphins and sharks.
But that left wingnut Justin Trudeau says China can do wonders because it can turn things around on a dime?!?!? If anyone anywhere believes this agreement is anything but political posturing has a common sense IQ of 75.
So what will this Mayor do if CP decides not to install any boxes in his area , and tell the people that they must now go to the post office to pick up their mail.
Fundamentally, the government was wrong to concede that s.3 was violated, and likewise the court was wrong to find that. I hope if this goes to the SCC they will revisit this issue.
the only Canadian, for which you can speak, is yourself
There is no wider issue! You do the crime... You do the time!
The most disgusting are the Leftist councillors who want to spend Toronto into bankruptcy.
And even within the same profession or trade, if men choose the most lucrative specialties and women prefer the more service-oriented or lower-paying aspects, I wouldn't call that unfair discrimination.
when they were low in the polls Liberals used to say "Polls don't matter"
End this reign of Christy Madness now! If you cannot vote for the NDP, please consider voting for any party other than the Liberals.
so KgT is saying that JUSTIN cannot puff his chest to say he has a principled foreign policy I think Justin has no foreign p9licy in the first place he is just too shallow
The jihad continues. Nobody beleives anything these scribes spew about Ford these days.
I want to see any government, including Quebec defy the will of its citizens. My guess, that's exactly what it would take if a referendum was held. Then again, Canada's elites are terrified of letting the public have a vote, its so 'bottoms up'.
Agree with you on the 'it will fail' sentiment, but thumbs down for the rest.
Conservative AND cerebral? What dimension will this miracle creature be from?
No, it isn't. I use my library both physically and the Overdrive app, so even though I'm not BUYING books, I'm still reading like crazy. Both of my kids are avid readers too, and even though they're teenagers, they neither of them like ebooks.
He's the smartest man in the room because he's the only one in the room.
I would've said 'lying, egomaniacal buffoon'.
Or Canada.
just because it snows where you live, does not mean the world is getting hotter.
soory, Mike, you're just a badazz guy with a some gold in your heart... harper's just bad with no heart and his gold is fool's gold
I doubt they're talking public sector
for the young puppies of the left who do not know ED BROADBENT was leader of the NDP he never won a federal election so what does it matter what he thinks
Yup! Sounds so simple when you say it fast!
As confirmation of my point to the Republican poster, About America: 'Ted Cruz Just Admits Outright that Blocking Immigration Reform in 2014 Is About Helping GOP .'
Craig_W: We're good enough, we're smart enough, and dog gone it...people like us ;-)
I suggest you find out what 'systemic discrimination' means.
If Mandarin is the most spoken language in the world; should we not all speak Mandarin and let all the other languages go to the wayside?
What a refreshing change. Instead of talking indirectly he will talk right at a country. He seems to keep things simple instead of complicating issues so much any plan leads to almost nothing. The stock market has sure embraced Trump.
So then, deficit it is!
It takes a lot more integrity to grope women .................. and spy on 16 year old pageant contestants changing into their bikinis.
Darn the truth, eh Joey and babbleon
Many English Canadians are immigrants who speak accented English. I don't really think they care whether one speaks English well or not but of the ideas and vision they present.
Very well put!
I don't know if it is true everywhere in the country but I know here in Ontario in many of our community colleges, former university students make up over 10% of the students.
It's a cycle. It's deeply ingrained at this point. I have no answers but I can understand how it happened.
There has been good turnout of both black and Latino voters at Trump rallies. But just like their white brothers and sisters they are afraid to let their opinions be known in this climate of politically correct hate speech.
It's sad that the media has been reduced to being equal with everyone else. They used to be considered important and trustworthy.
One should expect such lingo from a thrall of the Corporatist State model of government.
That's exactly what I thought.
I have written my cabinet minister MP daily with a copy of your editorial. Its the only democratic thing to do lest we man the barricades at some point with this government's actions.
The Clinton News Network has not announced their layoffs yet. What to do with an unethical staff of dishonest 'journalists and commentators'?Feeding the DNC, the Clinton campaign and even the Obama White House.
The Liberal's are changing the voting system to one they want, to make sure they will always be the gov't. FPTP should be our voting system but the Lie brals will do it their way just wait and see!!
frankly I'd rather HARPER not waste our tax dollars steve. even a cursory reading of the consisution suggests this won't survive a court challange.
Teachers would garner a lot more respect if they would just stop complaining so much !
While I think that a sales-tax is not bad at all the total revenues should not be increased. Alberta has a spending problem. Spending grows faster than population and inflation so it is a spending problem.
Certainement!
I wonder what Trudeau thinks, now that the official opposition to the Conservatives has spoken.
The question I always wonder about, is when you stick your head in the sand, is it large granular or small? Coral based, or stone? Pink white, or gray? Do you get a choice? Does it matter?
One problem dude, where and how are you going to store all of the nuclear waste generated along with your chosen form? Fukushima can't handle any more and Three Mile Island is full, as well.
Oh yes More Gun control is the answer right? I know we forgot that the Gun drove itself to the scene and met the shooter there.
Agreed... http://justinforpm.ca/
American Health Insurance companies have many billions to invest in elections, and will threaten to use these same billions should their claim on the public purse be opposed.
MGWhat do you think of Canada attacking a completely innocent Muslim country? Would retaliation surprise you? It seems most appropriate that Muslims would try to disrupt the source of the invasion, namely Parliament Hill.
You are actually justifying and defending this behaviour? Really???
I challenge the Globe Editorial Team to confirm if even one single member behind this article has ever set foot in this suburban so called 'park'. You may stake a claim to know politics - but you do not know parks.
Tabatha, how many African Americans must die before we target racism?
I thought this was supposed to be free country, where the State didn't determine what you could and could not wear?
Do my eyes deceive me? Some positive press about Rob Ford in the Globe and Mail? And we are allowed to comment on it too??? Is someone looking for some redemption?
'Just makes them look so niggardly.'Perhaps you should consider using the word 'parsimonious' in the future. Unless of course, you just like the sound of the word.
Excellent post !!
Death is not. It is the absence of presence. It is a gap and when the wind blows through it it makes no sound.
What doesn't "fly in the real world" is talking the talk about balancing budgets, and yet pulling it off only once in 10 years.
from Berig in Rochester good point, kudos
Who says they have become neo-Cons? For that matter who says all gays were liberals? Stop with the pointless labels.
Congrats on missing the point completely. Post a mail address and I can forward you an explanation in crayon.
I'm betting on awakened Canadians....they will protect us from harper....
Gee but you had no issues when Chretien played the same game. The hypocrisy of the anti-Harper crowd is very amusing and quite ironic.
So they have a logical reason to place a reasonable limitation on a "right"? Hmm... sounds familiar.
Kind of like the way the telcos make you run a gauntlet to discontinue your service.
I was fully with you until you made the comparison with Christie Blatchford. Blatchford has never ever had the degree of analysis that Simpson has.
Unfortunately for you and your ilk 'worried calgarian', Harper won the election. Thats democracy. Socialists only like democracy when its working for them. When its not its someone considered 'undemocratic'.
I've been waiting for it at Cineplex. Are you saying it's had its run?
thank you for your insightful comment ...but could you be more specific with your critique
What a pitiful piece of nonsense. You represent the PC's of Canada who are the enemies of French-speaking Quebecers - contrary to what Jeffrey has suggested in his pitiful column.
Good article. Not sure that it will turn out well without a revolution of some kind.
I was thinking the same thing... :)
I think, a suicidal person is in such emotion pain that he wishes to escape this by any means... a person receiving assisted death does not wish to die, but is bowing to the inevitable.
Thank you for expressing it so succinctly!
Amazing conclusions by a non-expert!
Unless of course its more of the same. I haven't seen or heard much about the type of change we voted for, and the honeymoon is almost over.
Yes... and never does such abominable perversion happen in Canada. All Canadians have much in common with Paul Bernardo and Karla Homolka . (it saddens me that i don't have to look up her name to spell correctly)
Radio Hamas: all occupation, all the time.
You provide a good description of the tone of your own message. Ironic, no? You sound like a Tea Party fanatic.
Careful what you wish for. Seems like labor gets favorable treatment under mediation.
And yet she identifies with the symbol of fundamentalist islam, the niqab. She is not making that distinction clear at all, on the contrary.
No idea, this is a thread about municipal elections, do try to pay attention.
Ideology and religions is what you should be referring too. Right wing has never been politically correct. But then again you have proven you're just as nutty as this article. Leah, is that you?
Steve lies- doesn't he? All the time. And yet people vote for him. Perhaps they are lying bigots too.
It is alarming how little regard we have for the natural resources that future generations will depend on for their very existence. I'm afraid people in the future are going to describe us as greedy ba$tards.
Harper. My I live long enough to see him long forgotten.
Watch the hysterical ones go now! Nothing like objective, unemotional thinking to get the hate hormones rising.
a 2 litre bottle of pop is about 3 bucks ,thats more than gasoline, hardly cheap.
I would also like to know how many Buddhists sang the anthem. And also Zoroastrians. These are highly relevant pieces of information.
Harper's promise of greater transparency in government was a bunch of baloney. Why should Canadians believe in anything he says now.
Pivoting a little too quickly to climate change. Not even a week has gone by since Bataclan.
Buzz, Ed -- go ask the polar bears if the problem is real, I'd pay to see you and your fellow deniers meeting the polar bears.
Your comment about taxis in Paris is wrong> I was there recently and used several cabs without encountering what you mentioned. Check your facts.
That's great! Apparently the kids of same sex marriages are automatically immune from the challenges every other kid from a normal household faces. Good news but dumb, nevertheless.
Anyone calling Canada a failed state has a poor idea of what a failed state is. Jeez.
So instead of congratulating CPG, you see it as an opportunity to continue to moan and complain. Maybe CPG has a better vision/philosophy/value system than you. BTW, congrats CPG!
Good comment Cassandra.
and certainly not on Toronto squirrels.
I've never seen a coffin that requires that many nails. What on earth is in there?
Because they want to get re-elected. These Omnibus bills aren't to fool the opposition into going along with stuff, they're intended to keep the general taxpayer in the dark about what's going on.
What would Mulcair do? Move to France?
No, I'm sure she'd admit she can't afford her cell phone, internet and cable tv, but she'd say she gets them anyway.
Thanks for the hate speech this morning Mr. Mason, always a pleasure.
In all this noise about a 'wall' has anyone noticed that there is already a wall on the U.S. / Mexico border?
Exactly - if you really insist on "equality" try Communism.
I certainly don't. I will not support any system that say the level of suffering you must endure is a function of personal wealth.
cowardly sycophantic editorial board
Uncle Peter is correctWhat Uncle P wrote PROVES he did read the article and reads the Star regularlyNow is there proof MACOLM LOWRY read it???
Have they really? I like Canada - I just don't like the bigots.
Yeah - another 90 minutes bathing in embalming fluid She walked out like a corpse with a bad case of hemroids
And where do we have a law that dictates how we dress?
You might want to refresh your knowledge of Canada's role during World WarII and the Cold War when we did contribute much of the 'real thing' against various totalitarian nightmares.
You keep patting yourself on the back, confident that you're so much more, '. . . thoughtful, more unselfish, and more empathetic than are conservatives.'
Wiggy buddy. How did you come up with that leap of logic? As for playing dumb, I suspect you have an intimate relationship with that concept.
let's see now, we cant see a copy of that darn cheque from Nigel Wright to Duffy, butit's OK for our Great Leader and his orcish minions to see all our emails, phone calls?
[The US needs a change and Donnie has the diaper full to do it. ] The US is in trouble, no doubt. But Trump is the kind of change you go for if you've got nothing left to lose. America has an awful lot left to lose, and Trump will lose it for them.
Good for you as long as you realise that 99% of what can go wrong is out of your control.
How, exactly, are you impacted if new Canadians swear their loyalty to Canada rather than to the British monarch?
It's not going to become more centrist. The insurgent candidates on both sides are to the extremes of the party establishment. An authoritarian nationalist and a Euro-style social democrat are not closer to the center.
Uhmmmm...... JasonI think I'll go with the Justine Trudeau explanation thats based in reality. CRAP'er spinmaster fantasies give me the creeps.
Yeah, like 100 years ago. Update your mind.
She's trolling don't bite.
Its the degree in which Harper engages in it....yes they all do, but Harper is in a class all his own......
Julian: I read the write-up you referenced, and there are good points to consider. However, quoting from the article 'In our consulting work at the Bridgespan Group', I note that it is written by consultants working in the 'industry'.
Why do you have to be an expert on refugees... what does that even mean when the statistics in this article speak for themselves.
I agree! They seem to really like and respect each other and the connection between Trudeau and each minister was warm and sincere.
Your classmates must have been thrilled to see Mommy and Daddy Teacher going to bat for their little Snowflake.
I'm speaking about Canada. If you are female and/or a visible minority and have not faced a form of this discrimination at some point in your life, then you are fortunate and should count your experience as such.
The public interest in the Zapruder film was immensely greater than the public interest in this situation.
The fact that NO media in Canada dares to support New Democrats editorially for fear of business retribution couldn't have anything to do with it, of course.
Justin was raised in Ottawa, largely in English, and it shows; French is a strong second language for him
Sounds like you are having a Coors or Molsons product.
Of course, why wouldn't weAre you suggesting we trust amateurs with no knowledge of X over an expert in X?What a weird comment
Perhaps the issue is not about what you feel?
Public sector unions are a cancer on Canada. Serving the public is not on the agenda, just holding them ransom for maximum financial benefit.
All very well and good, but you forget that the truth does not make you free, not in Canada.
What I am saying is that prejudice and biases by the people conducting it are intentional.
The troll will have his single-syllabic way, R t.
I have a giant (GIANT) basket to carry all my crap. I also have a bike trailer for moving large items.
Although Canadian elections have produced majority governments, since 1950, the elected PM has received a majority of the popular vote only three times. 1984 50.0% Conservative1958 53.7% Conservative1953 53.0% Liberals
Yes, but he did write the clarity act
There are gangs of many origins - even Indigenous, and certainly anglo and franco. There are MANY immigrants' kids studying hard and excelling at universities and technical schools. The hi-tech field is full of them.
It was beautiful 20 years ago, the downtown is a sorry shell today. It's interesting to watch a city implode while everyone looks the other way.
Rogue, people like you and me who still want things to change for the better, I guess.
Why Alceste?
All you trollers are in perpetual Hate Harper mode. When will you finally tell us who to vote for... or is it your job to continue your hate/fear/smearmongering until voting day and then reveal your personal saviour ...??!!!
Ibbitson's cranial detonation when Trump wins will surely be quite the spectacle.
You are another person who did not read the article or study the facts. Either that or you work in the PMO.
Yup, ask us Albertans about boom and bust. It just keeps going around and around. When they finally have that 9.4 earthquake the prices will come down.
You need to expand your vocabulary - hokey is an indpendent word and NOT 'hockey' spelled wrong !
Good post - and reality !There are more opportunities than ever - just get out of your basement !!!
speaking of potential voters... that's why in 1990 the Conservatives up the immigration numbers to 250, 000...and has been that number for 25 years... until recently...
I think it is most rightly referred to as the 'Harper regime', not government... regimes don't consider themselves accountable to the people they oversee... neither do the Cons
@zed dez (c) "False equivalency." ~~ '' ~~ . . . Nonsense. Explain your rejoiner -- how is Mack54's statement a 'false equivalency?' // ..
Buying more of an outdated system? All of our key allies are going with the F-35. End of discussion.
now, why would you say that, then? give me on specific example. or is yours just another tired and predictable wing-nut screed like yesterday's breakfast?
LOL, Even after 2 years now, you lefties still cling to what passes (to you) as math... What part of 'you lost the election, bigtime' don't you understand?
I'm sure the good people of New Brunswick now hate you.
Was Rotherham a lie?
I dont recall how Harper proposed to pay back his added $150 billion debt? Plus the already inherited national debt from previous governments. Oh, yeah, our children get to pay it!
'The impacts of solar energy are VASTLY lower than from any other form of production. 'How do you quantify this? How often do you replace your batteries? And how are batteries recycled?
Don't trust any appointment Harper and the neocons make, unless three is public participation. Most of their past appointments to the senate, government offices speak for themselves - what a disaster when it is all about patronage.
It's not 'whacky' - we know precisely why some comments are highly upvoted and others are highly downvoted. The 50 cent brigade.
It is much easier to take on Ford in TO and Putin 5300 miles away than the Mullahs of the Islamic world who tend to chop their heads off or stone them to death.
I guess he can be the first to fly on the electric jet with components made from electric plastic.
Just ignore the CON PROPAGANDISTS. The OP is a shrill pug. The cons want to destroy Canada but dumbing it down.
aa isnt that just peachy,, so what no thoughts on this loser protest
Well, they should. As should we all.
The assertion that unions are as unencumbered of regulation as multinational corporations is lunacy. That the balance is tipped in unions favour is also the fallacy that conservatives would have you believe. The entire premise is fantasy.
another' that isn't the answer ' editorial written by someone who conveniently neglects to provide an answer
Most people in Toronto are fully supportive of Alberta, perhaps you should elevate yourself above what your media spews out.
You mean Iraq, not Iran, I think. Typo?
Anyone using tin foil to block unlawful government spying is an idiot! The cost effective solution is Aluminium foil.
Never mind advising Notley, Tom. If you think you have such great ideas, run for office and see if you get elected.
See Mr. Dix that's what happens when you promise to give away BC taxpayers hard earned tax dollars.
OK - Is that a result of some failure on the part of all Canadians - or of non-responsible self-government?
Notions that environmental groups have 'peddled'? Poorly thought out premise that one area is detrimental to the entire industry. Slow news day Mr. Yakabuski?
Oh my gosh. He's become Jean Chr?tien.
Eight posts in a row on one article. Can't you just put it all in one post like a normal person. Or are you trying to look like a crowd like the other Con supporters here?
I hope John Baird does at least one thing to show support for French Canadians before the Conservatives lose the next election - it would be a shame for him to leave with a perfect record of getting it wrong
So in summary, Harper has put more money in my pocket at the expense of lazy Liberals! Sounds good to me.
Pretty fancy sloganeering. Does it mean anything?
Surveys are entirely meaningless since most of the respondents are not competent to answer the ( usually loaded ) questions !And of course everybody agrees that more motherhood and apple pie is just what is needed.
Dear Bolt Epistaxis Scandinavia do not have Leftist governments they are run by centre Right governments now they had enough of socialism
. . . really? So how many times has this incident happened in Utah today? Last week? Last month?
Good comment! Permission to quote: 'Why doesn't Alberta just spread tar on the ground. The rate of unemployment will drop markedly.'
Ah Mr Atkey, a Tory appointee defending Tory policies. What a surprise.
Change the rules ... to win ... the Harper Ploy. My bet is Harper will appear to win again ... he doesn't play by the rules. I also believe if Harper steals it again .. its the final nail on Canada.
Funny. Wendy Stone is as up tight as Marcus Gee. Relax people. No real harm has been done.
I'm not sure you deserve the honorific 'Mr'. Certainly not attached to 'Canada.' I'd totally support calling you just 'Mister,' however. As in, 'You're totally off your rocker, Mister.'
why? his opinion is more valuable than your own?
Hey - you smacking down us folks out here OB?Only folks with subways can get to those home games before the puck drops (or afford them) : )
Don't forget that nepotism is a major factor. Getting your foot in the door, some how, andyway you can is what it takes. Work below your 'assumed worth' for a while, proper bosses will notice.
SHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!
On Jan. 1 2017, all of the Status cards should expire. Then we can get on with the business of being Canadian.
Another 0.00001 %-er minority cause the liberals are so keen about. Never mind the 30-50 %, they can just step aside in their world.
That's GOMERY not Gonery--you obviously can't spell--are you a teacher?? Maybe you can read--read the Gomery Report in it's entirety--then tell me about Chretien. DUH!!!
' Robert Pickton, Paul Bernardo and the like will never be released regardless of how many times they go before the Parole Board.'That's terrible. Those poor boys I'm sure are sorry and would never kill again.
Here is how it is done: put an 'X' in the circle beside your Liberal candidates name in 2015. Hope that helped!
Be like me and just ignore it.
She would have probably preferred a 'stay' vote IMO.
What "hard line" is the EU taking with Greece? Just the other day, one EU financial spokesperson was promising not to throw Greeks "to the wolves"...
The Globe disgraces itself once again. By continuing to publish this writer the Globe is condoning child porn as a legitimate form of expression. It is not. Child porn is unacceptable.
Yes, high prices make theft understandable.
wishful thinking
Hillary made sure that she had an unfair strangle hold on the DNC and the nomination this time around and a lot of voters just stayed home rather than hold their noses and vote. Next DNC gathering should be interesting.
Nunavut only survives because of an enormous influx of taxpayer dollars from the south to pay for its territorial government and its services.
Fascists have always been aligned with the Arab world. Hitler was and the connection between the left and the Arab world continues to this day.
And millions return the sentiment, Duke.
You clearly know little of the origins of the Nazi party. Most of the original members were socialists, such as Strasser, and they remained both Nazi's and socialists.
Barry seriously? Personally, I think Obama is decent honest man and has done some good things, but spending future generations money on ourselves is simplistic and naive.
Men always seem to be victims around here.
I just got censored for saying Santa Claus doesn't exist.
I hope they try him for treason!
Conservative buying Stealth fighters under the radar. (should be the title)
Well, true, but he is done and his name thrashed
Really? Given the results of Baird's intervention a call from the Prime Minister will likely end with Mr. Fahmy's execution.
All of 'us' is a backdoor entry of United States.
Mark, remember when the big pharmacies were fighting tooth and nail to retain the right to sell cigarettes? They have no shame.
CC - if only you were correct. The Canadian government had to change Canadian law in order to allow Canadian banks to comply with US law in the form of FATCA. It would be an interesting constitutional challenge if someone wants to take it up.
Public intoxication laws in most cities would be enough to charge anybody stumbling out of a pub at 2a.m. drunk. Seems like the terms 'ban' and 'law' or 'by-law' are confusing you a bit.
perhaps the next near election video of Ms Wynne will be of her running again , a little faster this time... but with lights and sirens just barely visible and audible at first but becoming louder and getting closer in the background
I went through the same thing, Penny. You'll know when you've finally been successful in making the Cons understand when you get one of those calls misdirecting you to a polling station that doesn't exist. Happened to me.
When will the Globe put Harper under the same microscope?
So anyone who isn't a Conservative is a Socialist? What a warped view of the world!!!
The niqab is a global symbol of subjugation. Just because we live in a free society doesn't that fact. How many of these women who wear the niqab and profess it to be their choice are in truth pressured by their husbands and mosques to where it?
Khadr may not be a bogeyman, but having grown up in a family full of hate, I highly doubt he qualifies as a normal Canadian 'good kid'.
doug and the slugs???? yeah ... ok
porn is for titillation and not information
You are right! And I hadn't even mentioned the Clothing Swaps! But wrong. I spend money. But not recklessly. If not a Porsche, I could at least buy decent car for cash.
What typical denier nonsense. The Canadian Northwest has warmed by 4 degrees, and CO2 levels passed 400 ppm, you excuse for a rational being.
Trudeau: 'go ahead, watch me'Harper: 'Its too dark in here'
europeans will be praying 5 times a day in 20 years with all their wives dressed up in black circus tents and espousing sharia law for every occasion
Why would any corporation bargain in good faith when, the gov, t is seemingly more than willing to solve their ' private ' sector bargaining for them ?
I was talking to a Frenchman in the USA not long ago and he thought the black population in the USA was at least 30% of the population. Given how they are always in the news, easy to understand why.
It is unlikely that many will ever go back. I agree that they should not have to endure the things you mentioned. However, it is also possible to protect them closer to home while ISIS is beaten back to the stone ages they belong.
You don't care? You don't CARE? These buffoons spend your tax dollars and you don't care? Oh I get it, you are on welfare and pay almost no taxes.
should be increases not reduces
Straight out of Karl Rowe's little red book on how to steal elections: first prevent all those who disagree with you from voting (the ends justify the means!)
BLA BLA BLA The retread Marxist has created a beast - period!!!
After the NHL's spin-o-rama move to sell all their Canadian broadcast rights to Rogers what happens on the ice won't matter to the many former fans who won't be paying to watch!
... capable? What a risible comment; especially when in our sophistication we would only need smart weapons. Sure: Deploy A Device, brat child. Then it's the cage for you...
So models and beauty queens are white because of racism?
Thanks for a thoughtful comment. We need to get back to government that does 'what's good for Canada' rather than 'what's good for the party'.
kerin76: you are right hating the idea that children may be immersed in the french language has absolutely nothing to do with any prejudice against learning french. Couldn't. Be. More. Unrelated.
Oh, you hicks own the bears do you?
Science is far more meritocratic than medicine, a much riskier career. But for real scientists, there is no contest. Good luck.
it is against common courtesy and G and M guidelines to call anyone an idiot for disagreeing with you ------------------- llrfu 7 hours ago Wally - your comment proves his point you idiot!! LOL!!!
A United Nations Global Basic Income would help solve this crisis and possibly prevent future similar problems.
'Instead they bit at her bait ...' So, this reporter was baiting these guys? Sorry, but I don't find that particulary brave or commendable.
OAS is necessary for the ones who are depending on it.For people who already take in more than $30000 in pensions and other retirement income (company pension plans, indexed pensions) there should be a means test for eligibility.
Democracy has to fight off the media which is controlled by the Left.
While you're at it, alberta guy, you can even dredge up a couple of 'scientists' that made lots of money denying tobacco causes cancer. They're now making money doing the global warming denial circuit.
[brigade of Nazi Re-education Specialists] You are fulfilling Godwin's Law and I claim my five dollars.
where is the calumny? who is being slandered? examples, please, instead of rhetoric. i would think someone who believes 'government is the problem' would celebrate a voluntary tax like a sales tax. don't wanna pay it, don't buy stuff.
Shadow cabinet all men? http://www.newstatesman.com/politics/staggers/2015/09/jeremy-corbyns-shadow-cabinet-full-list-ministers
"What, let Teddy Roosevelt's acquisition go just like that ?" ...Really GV, Teddy was only Under-Secretary of the Navy. It's McKinley's, or maybe Hearst's acquisition....
Don't think I can afford to continue to care for my kids (paid for their daycare myself) and put my taxes towards paying for yours.
Gone to juvenilesEvery one
That's one of the most ridiculous things I've heard in a while.
Glad you liked it...and the year is almost over.
If you don't see this the curriculum as legal, you need to learn was 'legal' means.
Once again Jeffery you have ,in that oh so seventies way, Identified some perceived problems. Solutions ...anyone ...Bueller?
According to TV ratings for Canada highest rated event is the Super Bowel followed by the world cup. In 1987 highest rated event was Grey Cup followed by Stanley Cup. By 2065 white population in Canada will be less then 50%.
Nit picking the data, like big tobacco did does not alter the 'big picture'!
Nothing other than the outrageous capacity for na?vet? of some of those among us
Good Grief! Are there no copyeditors any more? Ships of the Royal Navy were/areHMS NOT HMCS which is, of course, our own navy. It could be added that the fateof HMS Prince of Wales was not to be a happy one--sunk by the Japanese afterPearl Harbour.
What exactly do you mean then
I think it was the comparison Barley. Carshe nailed it, you can turn porn off, cancer, not so much.
What's your recommendation?
Yes, the main one: politically correct....
You have any sources to back up those claims? And l don't mean government fact sheets or Tory MP mailings to their constituents.
Said the guy who probably acts like an uptight clown when hes shortchanged five cents.
threatening a person and name calling are substantively different. while both are uncivil only one is criminal
But when government needs money they turn to their favorite piggy bank, and just ask for it.
Right--once you're established as a slime bag, trying to convince people is hopeless.
LOL So? Women need neither a husband nor children to be happy.
and drug laws create extreme risks for those in the drug trade, and so on...
I feel better about my self already. Thanks.
So you're saying that you were one of the ' left behind'?
where did you gain your knowledge/expertise on every electoral system in the world ?
Yeah because single men never collect welfare right?
Why don't they just go work elsewhere if they don't like his views?
@ExcimerYou exclude, intentionally 'respiratory sources' of pollution. The 'respiratory sources' are the only reason we have pollution problems
If someone on the plane is addressed by a racial or ethnic slur and 'accepts' the insult without comment, does that end the matter?
Simplistic views for simple minds.
If neutrality's so hot, then why not sortition all the time?
No kidding. A man doesn't feel affected personally, so who cares? LOL!
no, this was in large part the work of a Mexican drug cartel. Check pbs. org for an excellent documentary on the deep level journalistic work done to track the meth epidemic in the USA. Fortunately this deadly scourge is not as prevalent today
[FACT; oil extraction represents 4% (FOUR PERCENT) of Canada's GDP]It's actually even less than that. Total energy production is 4%. Bitumen is a fraction, albeit large, of that.
Interventionist and intrusive big government is more of a dark side of the force kinda thing.
How is it a misnomer? Suicide simply means killing yourself and that's certainly what's going on here. Telling a physician to do it for you changes nothing. The person who orders an assassin to kill is no less the killer than the assassin.
Huh? Db plans, like cpp, are the only model that IS working!
Oh so now it's their fault for being killed because they mocked a backward violent religion? Nice. Should we kill the cast members of Monty Python because they constantly mocked Christianity?
PM Harper is doing a good job of looking after ALL Canadians by getting the crazies out of the process. Thats why he was elected, and not the Libs or Dems.
Not to mention the added health care costs that we all will have to shoulder.
Good points. Well said.
George... take a deep breath and focus my friend.... You're reading stuff that just isn't there.
The Republican nomination battle is about 'culture'? That reminds me of Nazi Minister of Propaganda, Joseph Goebbels, who said, 'When I hear the word 'culture' I reach for my revolver.'
THANKS FOR the input bjob
And how would you describe the structure of the Roman Catholic Church? Democratic?
He's done like dinner
The only change he should get is location, jail.
Does it concern anyone else that the PM who wants to re-write our election rules in favour of his own party, has a deep and abiding respect for Fidel Castro?!
Take a look at the author. To these people it is the height of nobility to be white themselves and yet be seen gloating about the inevitable and well deserved demise of their racial group.
Your not fit to shine Lew~'s Boots.
'Although a feminine noun in (grammatically) gendered languages, patria is derived from the root 'pater'.'Excellent point!
Societies with the lowest birth rates are the most developed, liberal, feminist....and so the least likely to be thrilled at the idea of 'accommodating' misogynistic, patriarchal, repressive ideologies.
the evidence is in. especially on lung health and it is not tobacco, smoking it does not cause the same negative outcomes. Consuming cannabis is actually healthy. look up Sanjay Gupta already from CNN.
You are correct in your analysis.
Remember when you read the article that Renzetti is married to Doug Saunders.
He certainly managed to terrorize you.
CO2 is lant food. Any warming is beneficial. What were you worried about again?
There are a number of perfectly valid reasons for the Brits to fear EU and Brussels. Why doesn't somebody write about that. Another taboo subject, it seems. Nonetheless, 17 million of them voted to leave, and that's no glitch.
jplondon: http://www.therebel.media/pmo_deleted_trudeau_s_jab_at_harper_before_posting_his_davos_speech
I suggest that the real problem is that for a significant number of Canadians and Americans, the confederate flag is what was painted on the General Lee in the Dukes of Hazzard, nothing more, nothing less.
...Because Canada & the World need more coffee shops, more baristas, & more chronically wired caffeine addicts(not)!
I wonder how much energy commentators on the G&M website waste - having to constantly log back in when they have already clicked the box to keep them logged in, having to reload due to constant script failures, etc, etc, etc...................
Whose kids?
But, but, but... that would be racism!
We'll see who they endorse at election-time. Not to hold one's breath that they won't do their usual support-for-Harper. (Even Hudak, they said hold your nose and vote for him.)
WOW YOU'D HAVE MR. BAIRD ARRESTED ???
Thank you for that superb, articulate post.
Your problem is expecting trudeau to say something intelligent.
Well said sir. To treat oil as an inevitability is remarkably irresponsible. We can move beyond it, and we most certainly should.
Yes, who are the judges about what is appropriate clothing? You? The State?
And Toronto's NBA team could change their image and logo without changing the name, should dinosaurs lose whatever favour they carry at present.
There are penalty clauses in the 1969 contract.
You do know that there is a US Libertarian Party don'i you? Also a Green Party So when you speak of libertarianism you need to specify whom you are referring to. Cory Johnsion is the current Libertarian Candidate
Thanks for showing what you think a substantive discussion of an issue is.
Um, could you spin everything anymore towards YOUR views? That was one of the more ridiculous posts I have ever read. You really think ONE politician can make all that happen, positive or negative?
Indeed. Chretien too, and Martin, played their part in the neoliberal assault on the welfare state.
Thank you Harper for giving us all another example of unmitigated greed, moral vacuity, and complete lack of value. You should resign in shame for exposing our country to your ongoing poor judgement.
Ralph 'Hic' Klein?
What bind? Trudeau has taken a positive step. Harper has pretty much said, 'I didn't get my way, so I'm going to hold my breath until I turn blue.'
"Vote for the Cons, but not for Harper" was the endorsement, and please can you include the link to any G&M story criticizing Conservative policy from any point in time?
Do you know how many people die in Canada each year? Do you? What is the number? Something like 250, 000. Did you know that?
This is what it USED TO BE,not anymore. Now its unsafe for many women to venture out at night due to ethnic gangs in the big centres.
Spoonie, you sound like Donald Trump, -who can't recognize what we have-You must be kidding... yourself and your children. Grow up.
southcoaster: left to these clowns is anyone who does not think that taxes should be rolled back to 0.
I was there, Allan Ross! It was a lovely ceremony, with many best men and rainbow-hued doves.
A simple answer from a simple mind. Doesn't surprise me at all.
Margaret Wente on journalistic ethics! LOL! Canada's own Ann Coulter.
classic harper strategy - attack the messenger not the message
Rocksteady - they already have cut the daily to about 3 times a week.
You must have read Naomi's book.
You show no evidence of ever having listened to CBC Radio One , Front. y Your complete dismissal of all programs, supporting either the right or left, leaves you stringing one helluva silly line.
Forcing a gov't employee to remove a crucifix or turban is not separation of church and state I'm afraid. Only in the minds of weak, insecure bigots.
WOW. Exactly how did you get that? I gather comprehension is not your strong suit.
She WAS an Afghani Refugee. Her parents were in Afghanistan.
Wow.. has Preston Manning lost his last tiny shred of credibility with this column... sad comments from a former politician who might have really made a positive difference...
shos... please expound.
In these days of 'everybody passes' the matter of literacy and reasoning may be doubted given the political circus and debt that is our governance.
I suggest you read Clearwater's comment in the first 5.
I'm sure he will not be able to explain xenophobia an anti-nationalist phenom.
Pathetic political press.
A little bit of pain is a fact of life and never traumatizes anyone !
is that 20 lb or 30 lb test?
CarGo back to school? I lived it. Government and the media together is a prime feature, say required feature, of fascism. Giving police special powers is another. Thanks for the chance to comment.
I just hope you will be proved right Mr. Gee - and after October, Toronto will be Ford-free.
I wish I had said that......pretty much sums it up! Thank you!
Ha, a "review process for political ads"? So I'm guessing you'd start by not allowing any ads that promoted Conservative policies or programs? What other limits on discourse and discussion would you like to see?
This is the 9/11 of 2016
Take off your pinko colored classes and try writing something with just a smidgen of objectivity. I feel like I am reading Pravda during the cold war. Your suppose to be a western reporter not a left wing communist stooge.
Simpson is merely stating the obvious.
Like Willie, you see yourself described in the text accompanying the photo of Hillary, don't you scott?
THUMBS DOWN just means there are a lot of leftists here online false sense of security it makes leftists think they REPRESENT the general population false sense of security leads to election DEFEAT
And you don't even bother to vote, eh? I don't see a problem with that.
The US did not "refuse all immigration from 1924 to 1965". That is simply untrue - do your research.
I would expand this to say that this is a proto-typical (but not exclusively) Ontario mind set.
'And yet the one percenters seem happy to stay, and see no need to leave'One percenters are the first to leave
They're coming? Why didn't someone tell me sooner? I would have made a nice bundt cake if I had known company was coming. Thanks for confirming you let your fears and prejudices dictate your actions.
decorum est: What to do with the refining byproduct? You've been driving on it.....
Lots of crap, no real information. Look at the facts as they are, not as you want them to be.
PM Needy is off to Havana to party with the Castro brothers. Should go over good.
In only the very best of us does reason prevail over emotion. I know i strive, but too often succumb to emotion's sway. It's the far more common state for rationality to be obscured by our emotions. Only the most disciplined of humans can avoid.
Immigration is destroying our country? Where did your family emigrate from again?
And what if someone doesn't agree with your assessment of what they should want or need? Who are you to tell them what kind of dwelling they should live in?
A regime that allows the DEBT to rise by over $200+ BILLION in 8 years is NOT 'In the push to get back to black' IMHO !!
And all the taxes on gasoline and cars are for what????
Gagnon wrote about support for Le Pen in online comments of Journal de Montreal, not in the paper. It's not so different from the right-wing loonies who frequent the Globe online comments.
When I was a child, I always thought that if one HAD to live in a communist country, I would choose Cuba - at least they can't ake the weather away from you. Yes a cold h3ll... wonderful....
The Toronto police showed restraint and didn't attack or remove the Black Lives Matter (BLM) people when they hijacked and stopped and blocked the Gay Pride parade and demanded (extorted) agreements from the Gay Pride parade organizers.
And pray tell what usual suspects are they?
Brad Wall will win again because he is a really good Premier, nothing more, nothing less. He is a guy focused on the results of his work with no ego. I wish we could find leaders as good as him nationally and in more provinces.
what trial? The cbc has a scandal brewing and fixed it. That's their responsibility. It's got nothing to do with the police
or a sheep or a goat or a camel
Always carry a Swiss army knife cos you never know when you're going to have to remove a stone from the hoof of a lame horse with that pointy thingy. And it should be Jim Bowie not Daniel Boone.
This is just the CPC doing what the Harper Govt has done since taking office in 2006: Stealing in plain sight.
Crazy! Did I mention she's crazy? Because she is! Crazy, that is! Cool, I didn't know 'arrogant' was a noun now. I've got to try that out. 'You stupid arrogant! You're so... you know, that word for people who think they're better than everyone else!'
Like a broken clock that is right twice a day, Steve had a good week last week. That doesn't make up for the past 51. And next week, this band of merry screw-ups will be back on their usual course again. Harper - over his head.
oh, get over yourself, mo-ron howler.
Right. If there had been a crack video of David Miller I'm certain you would have considered that Mr. Miller'z private business.
I know everyone likes to blame the media, but if ISIS/ISIL wasn't such a publicized brand, troubled kids wouldn't be so drawn to it.
simply a fact being stated. oh, wait a minute, facts do get in the way, don't they?
Is Mike Duffy a duffer. Is he the dumbest Senator? He alone couldn't figure out the housing allowance rules?
"..People that can't do math should be required to zip .." They are still discovering it - hopefully soon .-)
Why should I care that believers speak 'blithely' about there being a god? What does it matter? They can believe that to their dying day if they want -- and proclaim it -- and the rest of us will get on with our lives..
Since when are honor crimes enshrined in religious law?
It was Trudeau, Mulroney, and Chretien who cut support for families, with both right wing and left wing cheerleaders.
'Yes we have never seen such a bias media work so hard to drag this tired hag across the finish.'How come when I said the same thing in other articles against Trump I didn't get this many thumbs up??
A bureaucrat's job is to advise, it is up to the politicians to make the decision.
The best kind of slaves are the ones who are tricked into thinking they are free, that is what the monarchy and their appointed GG minion do.
Guess the abuse of cows, pigs, chickens, turkeys that have been made public in the news are just a fairy tale.
nolibsplease You really don't understand what has been going on in the world, do you...? Full of right wingnut talking points but lacking details and context....typical. FoxNews isn't helping you
Everyone's hunger is part of Leviathan, including your own.
Doug's fairy tale world.
Comments in Canadian MSM show a virulent anti-Americanism that is endemic in the Canadian psyche.
CPC doesn't care about anything east of the Principle Meridian.
Then let them get up off the chair and speak loudly...........because they are not being heard.
England 1, a legend in his own mind.
This guy sounds like a frustrated Cold Warrior who regrets not obliterating the old Soviet Union when the U.S. had the strategic advantage.
It's either the World is getting dumber or Canadians are getting smarter.
Hey, what's another $5 or $10 thousand in taxes for each of us to pay for another boondoggle.
You would think that blowing around 2billion of tax dollars on those silly pan am gains would be lesson enough? If you are that much of a sports nut, then get all of you together and pay for games with just your own money.
Kinda like how the Ontario Liberals won a 'majority' with even less of the popular vote than Harper did federally...
soooo, is the point of this article 'if something is diffiuclt, don't bother trying'?
This is why Alberta couldn't have a sovereign wealth fund ala Norway when it has to give $200 bn since 2000(mainly to Quebec)
It's just awful the way men make women buy, read and believe all those fashion magazines. How can they be so demeaning of women?
he is really messing up the economy. The deficit is $ 50 billion ( provinces and fed combined)
The aliens won't touch this disaster of a planet.
And vote and vote - ad infinitum......
The point of the article is that change is happening from within, via satirical commentary.
CNN is seriously in the bag for Hillary. Same with PBS -- I was very disappointed on that one. Their coverage of the two conventions has been anything but objective. The Trump supporters on the CNN panel are just for show.
That is rich. I have yet to meet someone who says the NDP are doing a good job. The polls reflect the true popularity of the NDP in Alberta. They are not well liked.
If its not hiding, then it is incompetent for not being prepared on time. Either way, this is not 'leadership' Canadians can afford.
Nice hair?
No grudges? Hah! Study history -- the Balkans, for just one example. These truly are the dog days of summer. Silly generalizations based on a tiny slice of life in the 'centre of the universe.'
Definitely antisocial and contemptuous. It is a matter not of religion but culture. How about a little sensitivity to Canadian culture? What arrogance.
Wealth is gathered from all over Ontario and accumulates in TO....some of which leaks out of TO.The rest of Ontario could gather its wealth in a city outside of TO.
I wonder why I can't find this column linked from the main Opinion page.
And Erin O'Toole is young... almost 2 years younger than Justin who many of you here refer to as "Junior"!
And is good at stripping too apparently...
Mostly Lower Canada.
Anti-smite's are very active on the Left.
This paper is battening down the hatches on comments. We now can no longer comment on Duffy, will Harper soon follow?
The small circle of stoners I knew in my school days, forty years ago, include a lawyer, a dentist, an accountant, a successful realtor, a MLA, and a surgeon.
And check Trump for the outrageous hair piece.
Yes, and now he has both sides upset at him. Not so clever a move maybe.
bare midriff has nothing to do with feminism on the wrong occasion, outside a beach for example, it degrades women
You don't believe the evidence provided by scientists, of course.
Right. Get ready for another Globe endorsement of Harper.
She's right, you know.. Things are getting better. Worldwide. That's not to say that it's now time to become complacent but in many, if not most, ways humanity is heading in the right direction.
'the most likes on Facebook' Zing! hahaha loved that.
Harper is the Prime Minister for only the 30% of us who still somewhat agree with his prejudices. For the rest of us (including the Chief Justice), he is content to be our Dictator, who will do anything to dictate his orders.
When was the UK attacked by terrorists?
A men to that
Because it is a tool of the US military who need wars to maintain political strength.
Spot on, 1010.
My God Man that was glorious. Drive the sword through the buggers.
This shows the moral bankruptcy of the Liberal party. Democracy doesn't matter to them - it's rule by imperial dictum by the dear leader. There is no room in Canada for this extremism.
Democrats fought hard to prevent that.
I'd be happy to take the edge off mine....
No one I've spoken to has any idea what's in the bill, so how can it really be popular. What's popular is the 'down with terrorists!' nonsense.
Sorry Globe and Mail, I disagree on the taxpayers covering the charge for Maple Leaf lounge access.
'' however, what we have is a majority Chinese population.'' Really. I think not
habsp: Absolutely. These people (?) are buried up to their butts head first.
Or you could be a Conservative and lie about everything and screw everyhting up for your kids and grand kids because you tanked your country.
'Made in Canada? budget aims to help manufacturers, small businesses.' G&MThe 'favoured constituencies' are the mainstay and key sectors of the nation's economic engine.
The people have been lying to the pollsters.
Did I just read a brown man saying that white people becoming a minority is a good thing?
' By the same token, the seal hunt is a cruel, obsolete and universally deplored practice kept alive by short sighted politicians.' You forgot to add IMHO. Oh, and the last time I checked we did live in a democracy.
Hangdog: the base doesn't need facts, evidence or the rule of law to make it's decisions.
http://www.wnd.com/files/2013/05/toon130516.jpg
household consumption is not development - get that through your thick head
Yes, a global carbon tax could change the climate.
you cannot include the Federal public sector workers as the provincial has no say in those numbers.
Life on Earth began about 2 billion years ago and has continued in an unbroken line ever since. Sperm and unfertilized eggs are alive, and have human DNA. What of it?
I am not sure why you are so upset. Please explain.
But Trump doesn't really represent conservatives.
Hedge Fund Donations: $123 Million to Hillary Clinton, $19 Thousand to Donald Trump. Follow the money, speaks for itself
4% of which Canada contributes less than 2%.
It appears we didn't read the same article. You need to get a grip.
Australia has six Super Hornets flying out of the UAE... dropping bombs. Germany is the only western country of any size sitting this out... and it always sits every war out because of its appetite for war way back when.
That old canard. If Germany had used our voting system in the 1930s, the Nazis would probably have won a 'majority' government in 1932 based on their being the largest party in the Reichstag.
Absolutely right - the word will come from on high, from David Thomson to Crawley - 'support the CONS" - it's what we do, regardless.
Freshair, give it a rest. He didn't cheat. But the question is valid: Is Turdeaus gov illigit since he is under 40%? That IS the claim you progs made about Harper.
I'm willing to trade jobs with her.
All of the intelligent people are behind Trump? Broad brush much?
Think again loid...
No more BS from you
You call that governing Michael? Besides - you cons are only in power due to splitting the progressive vote. Vast majority don't want conservatism.
How is that an improvement? You'd still have to hold your seat while being subjected to the torture until the movie started.
An idiot criticizing another idiot, seems about right.
I thought he said we'll bring in 25,000 Christians.
Obama, in my opinion, is a ditherer. He is a better leader than JT in many dimensions, but decisiveness is not his strongest quality.
canada does not want talent. Canada wants refugees, so we can all feel good about ourselves!
Here is the platform for the opposition: The only thing to fear is Harper. Or the fight for democracy begins at home. Or Terror stalks the land: fire Harper.
He didn't lose to Bush, he lost to Karl Rove and his band of plumbers.
And you think Trump is without his ethical challenges? If so, you're willfully blind.
Hey Jack, just repeating yourself over and over again does not make it true. Your nose must be a good foot long now?
Such arbitrariness doesn't serve a justice system well.
independent government auditors, really. you are daft, man.
And yet some Canadians seriously think that we should be sending the CAF to Mali... Do you think that maybe we'll need them here at home?
I don't think you can parse that comment for rational analysis.
Is that so, Joe? Oh, just hearsay. That's what I thought.
Watch for the 'spin' machine! They are gearing up for the 'biggest sell and snow job'Ever.,
Well aren't you special . . .
A vote for May is a vote for Harper unless the Green in your riding really has a chance of winning.
Can a parliamentary act be taken to court?
rich people run countries. trump is rich. he already knows more about whats goes on inside than the general population. he is saying what the rest of us are thinking and he can say it because he is rich.
If you really got all that from this article, I honestly wonder about your ability to understand what you read.
All I know, is that a re-visit of my high school graduating class, and the couple of the guys who became 'officers of the law', based upon what went on in HS, could just as easily gone the other way....thugs, one way or another..
This is even more cringeworthy: http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-11-04/julian-assange-says-trump-wont-be-allowed-win-clinton-and-isis-are-funded-same-money
What a bunch of nonsense - what 'what undemocratic maneuvers' ? Repeating the same baseness rubbish ad nauseam doesn't make it true.
And she quotes Carrie Bradshaw? A vain, narcissistic mockery of a human being.
The man is petty when it comes to Ontario. He tried lecturing us. And how long did he purposefully avoid meeting our Premier?
Same as 'you can be anything you want to be'. Just as misleading!
Sarah, will you be moving to Canada if Trump is elected?
Not to mention all the listeners from the 173 NPR stations south of the border which carry his show.
disrespect of each others' cultures fractures a nation.
The TPP will supply unlimited access to Canadian jobs for foreign workers.
Didn't these guys used to be one party? How did that work out?
It is easy to make a profit when you are stealing the commodity. Ask Newfoundland and Labrador how much they are paid for the generation that takes place in Labrador.
Thank god for the republican US senate. Its really the only thing thats standing between the USA (and Canada, because Trudeau is Obama's lap dog) and signing away our economic interests to China, Russia, and India.
not at all some never work
Don't forget to include Martin. He was the PM who agreed to the 2nd Kandahar mission- not Harper. Harper was the PM who ended it.
He doesn't care what you wear....but if you walk into a bank with a mask over your face....expect some ' excitement'.
How many times do we have to apologize? I have nothing to apologize for.
I'm sure the public sector unionized employees in Kathleen Wynne's Ontario will be pushing for it.
Ah - a bigot AND a Zionist.
Has there ever been a bigger failure in Canadian politics than Kennedy?
Typical NDP get ahead then forget how it is you got there.
Can you envision a universe where that could happen? 'Cause I sure can't.
Cut payroll. From the janitor to the PM office - across the board. Provincial and Federal. 5% should do it. Legislate the production and sale of marijuana. Tax is like tobacco.
We need to keep Google trending - search for the term 'Harper hides in closet'. It's interesting to see how many countries reported it - and how they reported it.
a helpful article. thanks
Police do policing, soldiers do war.
Semites are not a "mixed race between Caucasian and African".
un autre qui n'a pas d't?te et il faut qu'il nous le fasse savoir
Rob The Cons have a 5% advantage straight off because they their supporters get out and vote, unlike the Lefty supporters that sit at home and watch TV.
Rural roots - It has happened in the past and while it might not now, that doesn't mean it won't ever happen again. This sets a very bad precedent which even 20 years from now can be used.
Trillions? Get a grip! Even the most loony of the left wing moonbats doesn't claim those numbers.
Just like recipients of the Order of Canada.
A very bold and eminently reasonable column - keep raising your strong voice whenever you see injustice, specially backtracking of already achieved social equities.
Excellent article that should send up alarm bells.
This just in! Obama to seek asylum after term is over. Applying to Canada
Women are intimidated by educated men. I guess they are used to dating morons.
The Elitist Left that keep endorsing Stephen Harper?
You're not being tolerant by tolerating medieval practices G@M. When will you get this through your head?
So the fact that I value the protection of my privacy from the increasing power of the state to snoop without oversight makes me a loony lefty? Well, that's a label I will have to wear proudly!!
The fact remains that the threat of terrorism in Canada and the likelihood of being attacked by a terrorist is so low it is obviously political theatre. Canadians who had a front row seat to George W Bush and Rumsfeld falling for the same trick.
Loon, our issues have nothing to do with conservative governments and you cannot compare Norway to Alberta. Or even to Canada.
Agreed, Thomas. Our friend benhone1 here is very likely some overexcited teen who doesn't know when too much is too much.
Look to Margaret Thatcher for a lesson on how to get ahead.
You need to remember how arrogant and out of touch the Conservatives were. I've never voted NDP, but Notley is doing a he'll of a lot better than our last 2 Premiers.
Sweden is committing national suicide. That is wht the SD party has gained popularity. They are the only ones willing to confront the madness.
So being able to voice your opinion only counts if it's against Harper? Got it. Enjoy democracy.
He was reckless even before he was elected. Don't you read the Globe?
I see no lack of interest from TCPL.
Yes, the US has had so many female presidents. Surely it's time for a rich, foul-mouthed frat boy wearing an orange pelt on his head?
G&M should promote deportation of all Qu?b?cois to North, above 60th parallel and occupy their property South of it. Unless they accept assimilation to the good folks in ROC.
Clinton has cankles - is that a legitimate target?
It has always been thus.
For those enthralled by the spectre of technological triumphalism conservation is an option rarely considered. It's an affront to our notion of progress to concede that technology doesn't always arrive with an answer.
. Too bad you're a Harperite shill..
I wouldn't go quite that far...
quazz: You're talking about scarvers, right?
I actually agree with you Seb. I'm not sure the commentators are a 'good sample', just better than Harper moms.
...as well as having written many non-fiction books. It would help your attempt at 'humour', Ian, if you actually knew something about the subject of your sentence.
Re-elect Harper.
What's your point? I'm talking about political correctness and you are pointing out an inconsistency in someone seeking office. Nothing new there.
gtm, you're completely missing the nuance here... or not.
Vote wisely in October and get rid of this Sicko.
Precisely - but that translation seems above the IQ of Ontario voters.
Brian - I am not lying ... this is for real !!
It will be after she's removed from office.
The reference to impaired driving is a stupid analogy, driving is not a right, it's an earned privilege so any deviation from that privilege is totally within the right of society to use the highways safely.
How about Surrey, which is a suburb of Vancouver? The third culture children are creating holy havoc!
'Get the f**k out of my sunny ways!'
'They always do that with criminal cases.'=======I know what you mean, but they've allowed comments about the senate before.
214Montreal Thereader.. No, sometime this Friday afternoon, THE worst article of the week will appear. I guarantee it.TS never lets us down.
Nice try but not even close.
ricore, your observation is simple but absolutely true.
How does Harper feel about the more extreme forms of Judaism? Would he have separate ceremonies for men and women?
And he knows what evil lurks in the hearts of men. It's just that the old shadow is an ill fitting nom de plume for a reactionary.
There is as much proof of a Flying Spaghetti Monster as there is of any other god.
Agreed. What Margaret misses (as usual) is that the Church is not oriented towards accommodating society, it is oriented towards its understanding of truth. Margaret sides with Pilate - she doesn't think there is any such thing.
I don't think the Edmonton journal even ranks the most commented on article.. if it did.. Id probably read it.
What info? Tell us more. Did they find Vlad's fingerprints?
All heroines are female, whether real or not.. And what does this have to do with phony pizzagate story?
Agreed but PCs are not on the center. If they were they'd be government by now. Hudak is too far right and makes people nervous. Hence the continuance of the Liberal regime. Tories are crazier than the old NDP ever was.
And replace them with who?
So Mr. Fort Mac Schadenfreude, do you seriously believe that Saunders has a snowball's chance in hell of winning?
I did not thumb scrimbo down I just passed isn't it rather narcissistic to wrote so long and then expect your "followers" to read your words of wisdom?
She and Doug hate old white guys.
I agree Ericthe blue! Ridiculous
Narcissist for sure.
Bart, it's not the Liberal supporters. It's the non-sociopathic majority.
Conservative Party of Canada: just not ready to understand economics.
Craig Oliver?
Keep reading - there are lots of racist comments on these boards.
Let's lead the cheer for Mel! T... R... O... ah, he's smart enough to finish it...
Written by a Liberal shill.....Did you get paid by the party for this Jeffrey?
totally agree - a very succinct way of describing the situation.
The only losers are Albertans right now with their dirty oil that the world won't even buy. Get ready, tax hikes are coming, federal and provincial, just to bail your own assses out because the bubble is popping right now...
Harris did fire 6000+ nurses, closed hospitals and eliminated thousands of hospital beds. The health care system has never recovered. During the Harris election, Harris promised not to cut healthcare... just like Hudak is doing now.
GE12 - aren't you forgetting Pinochet?? Dude, HoC isn't even sitting and the new session will start in October. Not exactly 'exploiting our antiquated electoral system' ...
This is Simpson pointing out some of his errors in last year's columns. It's not likely that the Globe will follow his example.
Nice article. MGTOW.
Generally agree with Saunders. As the MSM declines and social media/blogging expands to fill the vacuum this tendency will only increase. Good information on any topic is out there but one has to be discerning and honest about your prejudices.
This article captures my observations perfectly.
Best post on the board. lol
This examples does not pertain to Canada.
The carbon footprint has gotten a lot of press lately. I think that the airlines should call a spade an obese spade. Your overweight luggage costs extra - why shouldn't your fat rear end?
There is no straw man as there is no argument on that point. Oh, and men black out as well.
who the f@ck cares what someone named ' montreal simon' thinks-pissing off the folk in Montreal just means your moving in the 'right' direction
With all due respect - don't blame the Ford brothers for the political circus. They merely reflect the tabloid mentality of Toronto voters who are ultimately responsible for their election !
Snowrunner wants to use the girly weights? Or browse the Lululemons?
If Russia was invading Ukraine it would be all over in a week, if not 2 days. Get a grip.
sure, and many prices have sky-rocketed. Friends of the government get the company and they give us the business
The way to true electoral reform is through initiative and referendum. The Liberals are dead set against referendums.
Yet here you are with complete nonsense because your Climate God is a Hoax! How many Leftists jumped on a Plane to Paris from Canada alone? 393. With Wynne leading the charge with MULTIPLE plane rides back and forth! Just say BAAAAAA Marcey!
and there's mr dressup's pals casey and finnegan ...
There are several reasons why one might think of the writer as anti-Canadian, but none of them have to do with water.
She's very pretty. I think I'm in love with this beauty queen!
nelson1000. What name-calling did I do there, and to what Conservatives? You are making a series of assumptions. I have never voted liberal, for your education.
Obama is a 'genius' compared to the hatchet job our former muffin man of a PM and the 'bag lady' Clinton did on Libya!
A few numbers would help.
IQ, race, religion and skin pigment... the last two taking the prize.
Sounds like EI has run out. zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Were you in Africa during the Ebola crisis?
Thank you Peter.
you are way off base on there peggy
Probably not. If Ottawa had a Facebook cat video version, this government would probably be it.
I take it the word 'fact' means something unrelated to truth in your world.
Are these really charities or American shills?
Neither are Those sympathetic to the radical Zionist terrorists of Israel. Time to update the list.
You yourself hate Western principles. What's your opinion on gay rights? If your comments on here are any indication, exactly the same as the Muslim point of view!
If these tribunals comprise a portion of the judicial branch as you suggest, should they not then be subject to the same due process and evidentiary rules as other members of the judicial branch?
Oh and he fixed EI. I know it pains you lefties that you will now have to work an entire year but the people paying the bills in this country are rather pleased.
Its funny how many Canadian con posters think this is a victory for them.... Trump is going to cause all kinds of trade problems for us and might devastate the auto sector.
I did vote for my MP who is also Conservative, so yes. But never again. US Persons and those who think Canada should remain a SOVEREIGN country can vote in a block as well. We aren't hiding the fact in an omnibus bill.
I presume you are parodying an academic's writing style.
Walrus Jr...articulate, informative, well researched! Today your my HERO:)
Jim Aikens, Ethyl alcohol (i.e. ethanol) is the primary alcohol in beer, 'whisky', and wine. So you DO know people who drink alcohol. Beer, liquor, and wine are lumped together because they all have some significant level of alcohol in them.
Because she's the one now being manipulated.
Is religious faith the cause of terrorism!
Not sure by what standard 10% or 4076 votes over the closest competitor qualifies as "barely hanging on."
I think that most things are complex for him
I could be wrong, but someone is actually trying to kill her.
Is blowing up DT Toronto a bad thing?
Smarter than than the 6 year-olds currently having the most epic hissy fits of all time because Trump got elected?
I'm so sick and tired of the lies and deceptions that are propagated non-stop by the media. Hopefully a backlash is coming and people will wake up to reality.
Whistling past the graveyard.
try reading the question again...
Money is biological?
How does a pleonast spell thick? Answer above.
Tabitha, whatever you do, don't send any emails to Hillary.
what did she do so well again? Peace in the Middle East? Deal with Russia?
There's tons of articles on Muslim abuses...
Here's a promise she could make that would guarantee she would stay in power: 'give us all the money back you and your party have stolen from us!!!'
except it is not a false equivalancy
And the baggage that the refugees bring with, religious and cultural.
Wow, how deep in the sand do you have your head?
Piltdown Man caused global warming!
To BC ThoughtsJustin and his post-national state was 'Because it is 2915'when he loses if he keeps these ideas of Canada has no core identitythen we say 'Because it is 2019'
I don't subscribe to a religion, but to a relationship with Jesus. I think for myself and strive everyday to act decently.
Dude, this document, like the one for the man made climate change scam, means absolutely NOTHING!. It is just another feel-good action by liberals and progressives who live in a parallel universe.
Still promoting your father for the job?
We are all the guinea pigs of medical science. Medical 'science' has been off-course for a long time. Its not about healing, its about the market place; drugs and surgery being the products for sale.
Police attacked first. Beat reporters. Are kidnapping and torturing people. Killed people. No policeman was kidnapped or killed. Rioters were few of the total. And at least admitted to be paid by someone (probably the government).
How long have you been waiting to use that play on words in a headline ?
You mean NDP
Significant tax revenue to the tune of $11B/yr is already being handed over to the FN ....
Canada should just send them back....you come here illegally under false id..you go home first class. But unfortunately fools run our immigration department.
Harper will be played by some dolt.
More of a European issue? Open your eyes. This is a world wide issue.
Like it or not, the private sector also made use of the long-form census, and it wasn't only for marketing purposes... why pay someone else to gather demographic information when it'd be readily available for free?
Ontario had nothing else to vote for. Do U think that Conservative Bozo would have been the cat's meow? He's retired to his own child upbringing in St. Catherines.
Being a victim does not absolve anyone of blame where blame is due. All he had to do was comply with the officer's commands.
If City Hall was a public school, Rob Ford would be the school bully. A despicable child.
If we are really concerned about the equality of women in this country, then we would be far more upset and concerned about a thousand aboriginal women being murdered and missing, that we would be about a few hundred women wearing a face covering!
Hmm.. Some of my American friends were wondering how a preening, narcissistic, unctuous, French Quebec supremacist was allowed to trump Canadian common sense.
How do you know it's a woman? How do you know she's the woman she says she is?
to denglish "Perhaps you'd like to ban Scotsmen from wearing kilts" ------------------------------------ Perhaps you should check the history of English rule over Scotland. You might find the ban has existed.
And unconscionable.
I'm happy to see Blair blamed and forced to resign over ANYTHING. He revealed his incompetence and lack of respect for civil rights and the law during the G20.
Bill, you're a Trudeau shill.
When the author refers to a PD day as a paid day off she is revealing a deep bias and a significant lack of knowledge.
And thank you for your thoughtful intelligent comment with a minus 5 rating :)
Quite right. Trump, or any other thrown up by the Fates, merely reflect the society that spawns them. Whether he is cunning in riding the wave or part of the water is irrelevant. He is America or a part of it.
Yeah, but the difference is, it's ok when Liberals lie. Because they're the good guys.
They should be on a no fly list.....along with Suzuki, Young, Leonardo, Bono, Christy Clark, Daryl Hannah, Obama and all the other hypocrites who point fingers at Alberta Oil, while ignoring their own actions.
No rational reason??? Are you kidding me!?!?
The people of Toronto deserve each other, good for you guys!
Mrs. Wynne has to start campaigning on the Liberal record of the last 12 years and stop campaigning on new and expensive initiatives such as a new pension system.
Yet another blogging boy who imagines his opinions are facts. They are not. (and you are right. Neither are mine. But at least I know it.)
very well stated. thank you
I think you missed the plot skippy.
Swing and a miss, Globe. There's nothing wrong with insisting on value for government spending, whether on small items or large. Or do the Globe's editorial writers think it's impossible to walk and chew gum at the same time?
Damn... and for the last 42 years I have been making love to the same man and enjoying it and now I find out that it isn't 'natural'. Whats a girl to do?
I would say top of the list: climate change denial
That would extinguish all life on earth. Other that that, go for it!
Jerks getting perks.
Western has displayed an astounding lack of knowledge when he thinks you can order a 30 round mag in the mail. Both US export and Canadian import regulations prohibit this. Anything is possible it you are a criminal though
Behold the eyes of a 'psychopath'!
Seems like Ms. Spence has taken accounting lessons from the firm Harper, MacKay, et al.
If you guys are interested in the topic, the University of Toronto Press has just published a social history of eugenics by Erika Dyck.
And you are very gullible if you believe the Conservative Party's BS that these type of criminals would ever see the light of day under existing legislation...
It shows where he developed the two faced lying skills.
'''Up to 500 feared dead in Mediterranean shipwreck '''and the Globe forbids comments??? What's that about?
Do you have data to refute the claim?
She does not see a problem with the charter but wants it to be dropped.....????????
actually, I take that back... I can't remember ever having gone through a stop sign and being caught... it was an illegal right hand turn into my neighbourhood. So maybe you are in fact correct.
Ford actually voted AGAINST the subway extension when Stintz and DeBaermaker brought it before council.
And Justin is the court jester.
'Why we need a law to prevent (insert your pet peeve here)'
So as someone of qu?b?cois ancestry, I guess I should be enraged that the nickname for the Canadiens is the Habs. But because I'm a normal human being I'm not offended.
http://www.sciencemag.org/content/346/6206/234.abstract
REALLY BET THEY WILL BE UNEMPLOYED.........NO JOBS...............
It is Obama/Clinton's fault.
Anger management + lots of Valium. Life is too short to be so angry.
The collective 'we' perhaps.'I' have never voted for the sociopathic business party.
"Whisky and barbiturates" rather than excruciating pain. Well, now, I'd have to think about that... about the time it took to pour a glass.
What racist comments?
,,,, another 50 cents for you ......
I, for one, will happily criticize Obama's decision on this. Personally, I think his decision was politically motivated (mid-term elections next month), like Harper.
Excellent comparisons. The 'libercon lunch meat' is pre WWII SPAM.
Yes, "the west wants in" was always a rubbish statement but it played well to the dumber members of Canadian society. Diefenbaker, Clark, Campbell, Turner ... etc.
Embarrassing article Rafe Mair responds better than I would. http://commonsensecanadian.ca/rafe-gary-mason-quit-lecturing-vancouverites-opposing-pipelines/
wow, what an intelligent comment. You say he should teach this to his class - why shouldn't he tell Brad Wall the same thing??
Only a Native would know the answer to that question?
Obama does not need approval from Congress... he made that clear but decided to toss the mess in their lap anyway
And Mars Bars
Right on Scottie41.
Enough said!
Manufacturegate - this "Scandal" isn't and anyone with a search engine can see your logic is garbage and paranoid nonsense. http://scienceblogs.com/insolence/2014/08/26/the-cdc-whistleblower-manufactroversy-continues-apace/
The rise of a litigious culture and the demise of true common sense. There's your dual culprit. 'Nuff said.
AIS.....I am going to presume you left out the word...'NOT' in your last sentence.
There is no perfect policy, if you can come up with something better, people would surely listen.
BS. What is your reference for this statement?
Under Statism, nothing is ever truly legal. For example, if it is taxed, then it's not truly legal. You can smoke tobacco, but only as long as you pay off the warlords.
Only a lawyer could come up with this legalistic hair splitting !I have a quaestion: Since this policy was largely supported and implemented by the churches ( Catholic, Anglican .. ) why are they not also on the firing line ?
Eight years of Bush was a disaster to these people.
Fey followers of Stevo... How does the weather look from your cottage?
Stephen Harper acting like Sarah Pallin..............makes sense to me! The only difference is she does not know what she is doing...........Steven does...........even more dangerous!
lizzy may is irrelevant
This is not working for you, sweetie. Try something new. Or maybe just wait a while. I'm sure there will be something real that you can criticize the government about. Check out: www. trudeaumetre.com(We never hade a Harpermetre!
wow. I am impressed. Agree entirely with the assessment of EJBusiness
Saint John--and Irving will build a second refinery and one that can handle Alberta crude.
Some of what you write is not true. You can advocate, your directors can advocate your members can advocate. Individually they can go to a town meeting and speak out and mention which group they belong to.
How long did it take you to come up with that witty retort? I'm not so sure you really understand what is even happening here, based on your response.
It's not seeping its way north--it's just coming to the surface again.
gutless and coward, oh anonymous one.
Greg, so you are familiar with every paper ever written by climatologists on AGW ...you are truly an amazing person .
What's that got to do with he 2 state solution and Netanuyahu's blatant refusal to grant the Palestinians a state?
Imagine that. People being responsible for themselves. How horrible!
I believe The Tyee has a list of at least 70 offenses by Harper against democracy. Read up.
I guess you're a city person. I've always had a pocket knife on me since I started school [to sharpen my quill pen]. It's just a tool, & so are you.
Harper's ego could never permit him to stand and be defeated by a Trudeau. He will pull a Mulroney and some con hack will have to play the Kim Campbell role.
Yeah. Real smart. You've just described the situation in Haiti.
Just to be clear, how did non-voting refugees help win an election? -------- it was their "progressive" friends who had the vote, namely, refugee advocates, activists, in the refugee industry here more refugees mean job security
Fine - the French are uptight and want to make a statement. But in practical terms, what are the likely consequences of the ban on the burkini? Or as Dr. Phil would say, 'how it that working for you'??
Until the conservatives can abandon their 19th century policies and bring themselves into the 21st century, they may never win an election again. That would be fine with me.
214Montreal - by your many clicks and comments every day, you contribute to making the Globe and Mail profitable. And you're the one calling the Globe 'too stupid to figure it out'...
What's wrong with hairy.
On a lot of that I would agree. No party should hold power over the Senate. However the Senate has very little to do with who gets elected PM. That comes straight from the electorate.
They will need you to administer the numbers in Miami after this tropical storm hits on Monday. How are your canoe skills ?
Can, but won't.
this is not about Justin
How do you know what Reagan said, on the record or off?
We have elections- if it is that important to you.
Step away from the tinfoil....
Glbalsoul, you need to research Agenda 21 (Sustainable Development) because that's the global geo-strategy you are so misinformed about. I'm willing to bet that your first instinct after this is that I'm a Harper supporter, right? Get informed!
From the Chinese :o
I agree. But I am also sure that there are rural areas not on reserves that have exactly the same problems.
This artist is using his creativity to enlighten. How can anyone be against that?
You have to get power to have the means of acting on philosophy.
I am surprised that cash strapped provincial governments have not seized that 2% HST cut for themselves. It would provoke one week's hollering and be done with. Since the provinces have not done it, Trudeau should grab it for Ottawa.
The problem is unelected and unaccountable senators.
If Duffy can bring down the Harper regime, then in spite of his faults and errors, he would deserve a statue in Ottawa. It could go in the place of the ugly monument the Harper gang has planned.
The only thing that's important anymore is whether or not Hillary is going to bring her sit-down stool to the debates! If it shows up, she's history.
Yes Augusto was killing his citizens. You truly are a dangerous fool. I have always wondered what type of person would be on death squads, since you started posting it is beginning to come clear, devoted simple people.
If that's the way you feel, don't read the G&M!
Now which political leader was it who trekked down to London to trumpet his government's gift of cash to CAT to keep Electromotive running?
We have been a target for years in spite of our staying out of Iraq and our on-going humanitarian aid. Open your eyes, man.
They don't have much else right now so it's something to jump on. Nasty.
Unless Canada accepts every one who slips into Chinese border .... Chinese government works for Chinese interest, not anyone else.
Some are up the coast here in BC protesting LNG.
There were three CBC IDEAS programs from the 90's called 'The Heart of the Matter' which delt with the problems with Keys' ideas and associated low fat diets. I wish they would replay some of that material.
levant has strongly biased opinions... and so do you ...both of you are completely lacking in credibility
If the events had been met with common sense, perhaps the laws wouldn't be necessary?
Yes, and if they called an orange an 'orange', why didn't they call a lemon a 'yellow'. Many are the people who angrily fester and fret with frustrating obsessions over profound outrages such as these.
Just another guy speaking Pentagonese. A great job if you can get it.
All he has to do is raise our taxes.
As he said himself once when riding a snow mobile up north - "I make the rules". Seems it's built into his DNA.
Mr. Laffer. Very well said.
In Quebec, they actually bring the polling stations to the students. Because nothing says responsible adult like not being able to find a poling station like everyone else.
You are going to be surprised by just how many people are going to be killed or made homeless by climate change.
People do like spending money don't they? Underground costs. BIG time. Both are basically railways. So apart from that: Above ground doesn't have to have heating, lighting, water, air, stairs, elevators. You need a curb....and a shelter.
Trump and our own Ford family offer Loudership, not leadership.
Israel is a country who sincerely believes they are God's chosen people and have a given right to expand their country to it's original border as proclaimed by God. How ridiculous is that?
What part of Russia are you from?
Grad students are an underclass? Sounds like someone majored in drama!
Neither science nor law alone will be able to navigate all the human body?s needs for the end of life. But you will continue to use the law to impose your own belief system on those who don't share your beliefs.
Macduff88: You are correct. As it is, many doctors in Canada are working outside of the medicare system in order to throw off the shackles of government. If forced to administer euthanasia, many more will do so.
My grand kids were taught in the public school system that nuclear was too dangerous and expensive ....Entirely contrary to facts.
people in an unmarried relationship also exercising their rights under Canadian law?
Spoiler alert: long term consistent use of MJ can make you less bright and less motivated.
How about the question of,'Who will they install as the next failed leader, of a failed state, of a failed policy?'
Not to mention they do not want to kill NAFTA because it would result in the depression of the US and world economy. Resulting in skyrocketing unemployment and falling quality of life for everyone.
...if she wants an example of someone who will need an extra supply of diapers at the Great White Throne Judgement. I fear for that guy.
Yes. Be Canadian or not. Like Brexit, we are tired being used by others for their benefit at our expense.
OakvilleCA, You bring up some good points - I would agree that these are just as bad for democracy as the HarperPAC.
This doomsday scenario assumes that Canada won't grow a pair and take that provision from a re-negotiated agreement OR just don, t follow the agreement the yanks to FO. that is what the Americans do to rules they don't like!
Translation: 'I hate that a teacher is going to tell my kids they shouldn't hate people for being gay.'
I gave myself an internal safety award last Christmas and my wife is still complaining about the mess.
Duuuuude, calm down. It's called artistic license.
Risk of recharging? Being electrocuted.
Hey, I'm happy there and so are a majority of Canadians. That's why we are universally appreciated - before Stephen Harper decided to erect walls (G7 +1) and yap on about thugs.
What makes you think that we americans want to emulate Sweden or Canada ?
Was there ever any doubt about who opposed the new curriculum? As Hitch would say, 'Religion poisons everything.'
Paul, she must have cousins too since there are now 4 down-thumbs. I am more inclined to attribute to dumb thumbs.
The law is a bad one. The accused should by law be forced to testify in his own defense. If he's afraid to incriminate himself by defending himself, chances are he's hiding his guilt.
These countries 'go it alone' quite well: Switzerland - population 7.8 millionNorway - population 5.1 millionAustria - 8.5 millionIreland - 4.6 millionDenmark - 5.6 million
Living outside Canada doesnt make you less of a Canadian. Would you say the same about Wayne Gretsky? Harper loves vote suppression .He learnt it fro Karl Rove and the Repiblicans. Time to get Canada back. Vote Harper out!
the mind, do you have evidence that such teachings are the norm in Canadian mosques? That is not the considered opinion of either the RCMP or the Canadian Security Service. I'm certain that your sources of information are far superior.
Good observation. You have it correct.
Could you please reference with some examples rather than making a personal attack? Please contribute to the discussion with respect.
JPL : the thumbs are meaningless. All one has to do is look at the ridiculous thumb count a post like 'Harper is a fat fascist' receive... or ANY inane post from the cR@zY c@p$ person...
'Climate change is perhaps the biggest threat to confront humanity today.' Stephen Harper, 2007
The great thing about that shift is the Laurentian's still think its not happening. Two party leaders from Quebec and the PM from Toronto roots and Western perspective.
"Think foreign, rightwing private billionaires." Followed by the lefties who think unions are the least of our worries.
Hey Bustin you dropped your dunce cap.
Wow. I bow to your superior skills of argumentation.
In other news, John Tory sells his soul to the devil.
Sorry Mr. Prime Minister, the deadline has passed and your podium has been replaced by a broom closet... with your name on it.
And yet she continues to break the law.
Our government is run by a WARLORD
Oh Good Grief! Did you actually read that garbled piece of poor analysis?
thats slightly cracked you freak a holic
This IS Canada's Watergate. We don't have an impeachment procedure or tradition. Elections on October 19 will be Stephen Harper Immoral Term end.
the reality is that a 'large chunk' of any generation's wealth is owned by the 55+ and also that most of that wealth is tied up in the value of their house.
Slope is getting more slippery all the time. Soon your freedoms will all be an illusion.
Where does extremism begin? Where should tolerance stop? It is the setting of this line that creates our weakness in dealing with terrorism.
but MAJORITY government in your face
Ummm there is quite a bit of difference between 'poorly trained and financially naive' and 'willing to commit fraud a criminal code offence.' How many of these people faced charges of fraud?
Of course, and if you were an aboriginal you would be fighting for a bigger slice of the pie... and use guilt trip propaganda and threats of rebellion to make your case for More Money...!
I agree that we shouldn't insult, but what about politely discourage? That would be better than what we do know which is cater.
The SCC has set the bar extremely high. But that's no reason for such a nay-sayer attitude Mr. Flanagan.
Right on Margaret, and very well said. Wow, is Ghomeshi ever getting trashed in these comments. Last week he was Canada's leading broadcaster, but now he is gone it seems nobody ever really liked him. Fickle world.
Trudeau says Harper is afraid of informed Canadiansthere is some truth to that
Correct me if I am wrong but you have to have some time of subscription to be able to post on this site.
Sensitive to criticism.
Dion - has said specifically Saudi Arabia's human rights situation is terrible. Tn the same breath he has said - there is nothing his party can do.Call it what you will - moral ineptitude, prevarication, hypocrisyits the same ol stuff
These are the frustrated proletariat, bored gvt. workers, or paid commenters, lol. Most admit they haven't read the article, just have a tantrum like toddlers.
It's funny that whenever a judge makes a decision that doesn't go your way it's called 'judicial activism'
if you own a business that requires sick notes: sell the business or fire the manager.
We are talking about the difference between individuals and institutions
Will never happen. The Liberals benefit from fptp just as much as the conservatives do so they'll never go for it.
Zionism. Which treats muslims as an inferior race which must be expelled from palestine. It's all there in the writings of the founders of zionism, and in the daily actions of their descendants.
This was a sophomoric piece of tripe.
What will the spoiled students in Quebec do now that their tuition will spike without that hated oil money? They can try banging pots again I guess.
Wouldn't you have been scared too?
Yeah, sure. Would that be before or after the state starts tattooing barcodes on the backs of our necks?
The mere fact that the airlines had to be reminded just goes to show that common sense is not so common after all.
Is it official? Netanyahoo has reappointed Baird as Canada's foreign minister?
Nobody seems to care about the French words. Does anyone in Quebec sing them?.
I was wondering when someone was going to point that out, I don't really get why the Globe actually lets Jim spout propaganda for free.
A million Americans live in Canada.
I didn't realize that Zimmermans made up 14% of the population. He was the one on trial.
The fundamental problem with the Liberal Progressives is they have no respect for taxpayers. Our services continue to get more expensive and we get less. We are spending over $10,000 per athlete. It would of been cheaper to send them a gift card.
Ash is another out-of-touch globalist sympathizer. Pay no heed to this elitist.
Yes and I believe that the committee was given only hours to prepare for the interview. Not enough time to gather data and research his rulings.
I think that is exactly what this author is saying.
Your probably right... they need a dictator like Harper to tell them what to do!
That Greece and Syriza are prepared to push back against 'heads-I-win-tails-you-lose' neoliberal market economics doesn't make them far left crazies or radicals. Thatcher and Reagan were the radicals.
Yeah. Probably what's happening is another inaccurate and incomplete poll. We are now seeing the surprise on premier Prentice's face as the reality of inaccurate polling has left him with his bare face hanging out.
Ah... no it isn't. You've missed the point entirely.
The only honest thing they ever did was take the 'Progressive' out of their name - people should have paid attention to that, but they didn't.
Canada, home to the dregs of the world.
Another taxpayer funded fiasco. And it being in QC, taxpayer funded means all Canadian taxpayers.
Scotch? Far more deadly.
Mel. Mel, Mel, Mel.
Don't we wish... I sent a note to Kathleen Wynne last week begging for help. Not even the courtesy of a reply yet. Speaks volumes... sadly
I just hope he doesn't do something stupid like take off his shirt and embarrass us. The next federal election can't come soon enough.
Lots of money there if the governments didn't waste it. Glad I'm not your mother.
I'm sure that he can. No doubt he's quit drinking dozens of times.
Form an anti-immigrant party, and see how far you get. Frankly, your position is anti-Canadian or have you forgotten: Our families emigrated to this country. If you are not an indigenous person, your words are vacuous.
You are correct. It would be good if journalists in Canada proffered more facts, and much less of their opinions. As to LePen-- yes, they are dangerous, ultrarightwing fascists.
Lady Astor - love it!
Abortion is wrong.
Challenge... prove me wrong rather than just mindless clicking. I thought so.
An interesting article. Funny how these Islamic extremists want to take us all back to the 7th Century but they also want to take their AK47s and cell phones with them.
Most of it is baloney anyway.
Not on moral grounds.. that is what really matters!
Sick people on these boards. You have to be to thumb down that comment
Increase the GST (which is a proxy for taxing carbon) and decrease the Income Tax.
No Ry2 is firmly planted in 1953.
The author shouldn't forget that TURKEY is a true democracy and has been part of NATO for a few generations now. TURKS won't like to read what she has to say.
truly an astounding feat that you managed to read all 500 words of this article and stay focused! That's a lot of hard work for someone like you. Keep it up!
I'm an ardent Liberal, but he's the last person who should be in power right now.
@rory - you might not like its name, but that's its name. Is the White House really a 'house'? Stop calling it one! I suggest the 'The White Building'. I also don't really like 'Parliament Hill' - how about 'Parliament Bluff'?
Bill Davis legacy. An utter disgrace. Last time I was in a Catholic high school for a daughters basketball game I was astonished at the catholic propaganda on bulletin boards. Lots of pope images etc. But I guess I should not have been surprised .
The anti-establishment establishment is now the establishment.
Those comments in the Sun or Post are more then likely based on bigotry, others like myself see the irony of Liberals and Lefties defending a symbol of oppression.
How simplistic -- of course they don't accomplish what they promise, the world has a way of interfering. It was ever thus. What planet do you live on?
Life begins: a) 4.5 billion years ago, give or take. you are welcome.
My words exactly ! They are a pathetic excuse for journalism ad the pursuit of truth .
'the support of one major newspaper,'Huh?
Doc, how many signatures have you gathered on your petition to separate Nova Scotia from the ROC?
Your mother was a wise woman. Congratulations on that.
What I find most disturbing is one of Canada's national newspapers is taking an active role.
I don't think you mean 'ancestors' (they are already gone). I think you meant 'descendants', that is, those will come after us.
Thanks, Alceste. I will read it, if only because I've seen many cases of people referring to documents (like that RCMP report on missing and murdered women) that they haven't actually read.
Hardly sad.
Or we may simply have to conclude that shabby treatment of veterans actually does reflect what government thinks about them.
Golly, I thought you CONjobbers were against 'class war'?
Yeah?!? BLACK MARKET AND ILLEGAL NON-COMPETITIVE (IE LOWER COSTS) COMPETITION. ;-)
For the multitude of CONtarians on here with such short memories, Google 'Mismanaging During Storms' ..... Liberal ineptness, you say? LOL.
Typical left winger, kiss butt!!! yOU WOULD ALSO SELL CANADA TO THE UN!!! You left wingers are so anti job and want to DESTROY the middle class, you make us hard working people sick!!!!
Boy that grad five education really paid off for you, Sooey Boy.
News of the Pepsi Orchestra will naturally be relegated to the Pepsi news. Silly Pepsi.
How come I get censored and you don't, Jeffrey?
Zero! There is a zero percent chance that this pile of prognostication will resemble accuracy by Dec 31st, 2016. The future always has a curve ball waiting for the pundit at the plate.
An obvious statement, but difficult to complete without agreement from other provinces, which doesn't seem to be forthcoming.
What's essential versus non-essential? Guess who will happily tell you. A.BIEHL
Sorry I miss spelled 'fair'
[Your idea of a counterargument is a trite stereotype of the 1950s?] I didn't offer a counterargument. I made a dismissive comment.
Hey, Bach was 18th century.
Harper just needs 30% of the 60% who vote to stay in power. The rest of us are on the enemies list.
And they had nothing like voter incentive in mind, unlike all of their other initiatives.
Fair enough, but it still works as a what-if scenario, because of the strong mental image that gesture had. And even if he had been offered freedom in exchange of publicly surrendering, he still shouldn't have done it.
How many people actually know who their MP is?
Bike don't take cars off the road. When not biking most take transit.
Because we end up with sheltered simpletons like you...
Unnecessary waste of money to hold a referendum when the party in power (and two others) campaigned on change to FPTP. Why are you so afraid of this? Really? Why should a party with only 40% of the vote get a majority?
Take my word for it: Ayn Rand fans finding traction only with simpletons is loaded with irony.
A manufactured ' scandal'...no big deal at all... one should ignore this non event that has generated so much ' hysteria' in the ranks of those who are constantly looking for any stick with which to beat the present Canadian government.
I think he looks like some kind of alien.
Too bad........Merchant of Venom is such a great title.
Can anyone answer this question: how many people convicted of 1st degree murder and paroled have committed another murder.
Not what I said at all. But keep trying.
Media is a big liar
That pride stunt cost them a fair bit of credibility - they've got some growing up to do.
Gimme a break ! The G&M repetitively endorsed the Harper Government even after they committed electoral fraud how many times ?
Agreed pure genius. We need to hear more from Tabatha!
What, exactly, did Harper do to put 'all the government's eggs in the western basket'? He didn't try to strangle the oil industry. That's all.
Duffy is a Federal problem this is a provincial problem. They should abolish the Senate and jail your pathetic ex-premier.
And speaking of Man Men, let us not forget the great novel and movie, Man in the Gray Flannel Suit. Post-war riches werent enough for that Madison Ave. guy, either.
Thank you CMT. Your post is so much more effective than was mine.
What else would you be saving the money for? Raise a kid or buy an object or investment? I don't know why a a guy can't do it at $100k, we did at the $75k with a mortgage and new cars and daycare at $1000 in the 90s.
Not much of an article really. Its like she cut and pasted paragraphs from random articles on the same subject and lumped them all together. There's nothing in here we haven't seen before.
Marjorie Lebretton and her cadre overturned the Climate Change Accountability Act Bill C311a private members bill passed by a HofC majority in Nov, 2010
in your large circle of what...
We've got our oldest in private school: gr2. Teachers are decent and curriculum seems more challenging, but main issue is that you're treated like a paying customer instead of some schlep who's there only to add more to their workload. C.
Glad I don't live in Ontario, having fun with your electricity rates yet??
I suggest they start by adding the word PROGRESSIVE to their name. ----- No, since the Left hijacked a fine English word "progressive" and gave it a derogatory connotation ....No no no
I'm really tired of the losers on this site who want everyone else to be dragged down to the low wages, lousy benefits and pathetic lives they seem to enjoy. A higher standard of living benefits everyone. Remember Henry Ford?
This column nails it. Unless Canadians wake up to the realities of competing in a global economy, this country is doomed.
Dude. Take a breath now and then.
By literary standards, Mike Duffy is definitely a Prince Edward Islander - he even owns property there!
It is not a house - it is a massage parlour.....
It's ridiculous that anyone would vote your comment down. I tried to vote it up without success.
There'll always be an England.
No, Trump is not the problem, Trump is the consequence of a political system that flaunts the label 'government of the people, by the people, for the people' while governing on the principle 'government of the money, by the money, for the money.'
Gee this was a really nice article about the man. It didn't even mention any of his broken promises and you tell the writer to 'shut up.' You should be thanking him for the great press coverage.
Jerry Schwartz and his wife Heather Riesman used to be huge Liberal supporters. Heather's Dad was a Cabinet minister.
Yes, pity the Muslim woman who accepts second class treatment.
David, Please point out (other than the mere mention of JT), what makes Simpson a shill? Please tell me which statements in the article give rise to your conclusion.
Doug Ford would have been horrified to get the 'newspaper of the elites' endorsement. The only one he cares about, and then not much, is the Sun.
That doesn't mean he deserved to die because he might get off easy with what he was doing.
Don't make this more complicated than it is. The truth is that the Conservatives lost because Canadians were sick to death of them, their toxic leader and their divisive, xenophobic, narrow-minded ideology.
You make a great point J.B. A mind like yours only comes along once in a generation. You should be writing books based on your deep insight and knowledge of political philosophy.
what, he isn't left wing enough ?Only a comminist wouldn't consider Dix a socialist.
And why are no media or celebrities worried about the effect of the Colorado flooding on the frakking sites that got hit? Not a peep out of them
we also lost high paying union skilled labour jobs and replaced them with min wage retail and other service jobs - consumers create jobs
I'm guessing Nigel as he is more connected. Sona is a flunky but he could create some embarrassment and the PMO as per their usual M.O. will just deny it.
dear CDNafricanIndian if the fact that he was Muslim was not reported in the Western media it would have been reported and celebrated in the Muslim world why do you want to suppress something that is news to Muslims are you Islamophobic?
Maritimers and Atlantic canadians leave their homes to go to for exampleFort McMurray Albertaso why can't .....?
One might think a former Nortel employee working in the field of neurological imaging should be smart enough to realize that a transparently fake 'oh I hope this doesn't happen' would be no shield at all. But then stupidity comes in many forms.
It's always been plain that Mr. Harper didn't like scrums or unscripted encounters with the media. Packing 'town houses' with Conservative supporters, while excluding people from the actual public, was a stark example of this.
Thank you Maggie. A well-written spot-on article. The left needs to get a grip.
The rise of self-regard? You mean we are not even half way through this masturbatory, snap my food, slope neckedness, lemming behaviour?
Why? Because you don't like to read anything that goes against your Conservative ideology?
Kathleen Wynne has been a total disaster for Ontario!
Is this what we want for Canada ?Mulcair and Trudeau will lead us therehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R5L9SExquaohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Jg8EeL7zD8https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZDKk15KcqNk
ya 3rd place what 6 points out of first its a 3 way split and anyone could win the next election. funny thing is wild rose support dropped as well.
Every time I read about how the Conservatives are using taxpayers money for political advertising, I donate a few extra bucks to the opposition... and it's tax delectable!
Yes, and let us wait for all the bills to come due for this new government, err I mean taxpayers.
Tax credits are considered subsidies. The oil company doesn't get direct subsidies but tax credits like you or I. We are all essentially subsidized.
"Theres no doubting that american arent that smart." Hahaha
This is so funny I can't see where I am going to start. Try to relocate those popluation on EI anywhere in NA and see if they are more employable. Some are, but many aren't. Try to relocate physicians and see if they are employable. You bet.
take away the over heated housing market ( probably with a lot of 'illegal' money form China and the underground drug market... and how good is the BC economy really???
We need to ditch our apartheid-like Indian Reservation system Jeffrey.
Other countries, countries buyers come from, are able to restrict Canadians purchases of their countries residential and commercial lands, why is it only unlawful for Canada to have restrictions?
You've been reading Joe Bageant's 'nine billion little feet '.
Chez Helene ...
So the Big Boogeymen Man 'Climate Change' will be hit head on by Sunny Days, or as this journalistic twit says, 'Just watch him.' This will be a tax grab of monumental proportions. Just watch.
One of the flaws of FPTP they refer to is the fact that that Conservative Party is still legal and could potentially replace a Liberal government.
Why can't this newspaper hire GOOD columnists? Meanwhile, some balance: http://www.news.com.au/lifestyle/real-life/true-stories/the-worlds-most-infamous-serial-killing-grannies/news-story/07125f89316b721d09d4f948b44945e0
The only vindictiveness I truly detect is from the author himself. Pathetic stretch, pal.
So vote NDP then!
Seems like there are a lot of 'sunshine listers' out there - over 100, 000 people at last count .
then vote for MULCAIR to open the floodgates let's start with 100, 000 a year still less than Germany
They could start by making a serious effort to root out the wealthy tax evaders hiding money in offshore accounts. Instead of intimidating the little guys by repeated visits to their homes over $500 arrears.
...and don't forget the Russian ones!
You would think of a 1 cent drop in gas prices as paying the drivers.
lesson learned: take G20 type meeting, they should know who to hire to be on the front line of the protest!
Just try getting to a decision maker anywhere in that department that will step up on issues like this - IMPOSSIBLE. If someone at the Embassy was able to do something for you - you must be golden!
Better ramp up the bicycles and slingshots lads, Steve is going to have to send troops over if those 15,000 Russian troops cross the border. I hope Steve knows what he's doing but don't have much confidence in that.
When you gotta reach back 36 years to find an example don't ya think maybe, just maybe, you might be stretching a little?
Well done, Mr. Simpson.
We will see. If she gets elected again, Ontario deserves her.
Good point. As a man I would never publicly comment on these issues ever. You'd become a beacon for hate no matter what you said. The sad result is men pulling back and not helping as much as they could.
Trudeau is a puppet for the lying Gerald Butts.
It's the split vote. We need to change the voting system. Democracy is not working when you have a government in power with less than 50% of the vote, let alone a majority government.
Ordinaryguy, not surprised by your last comment. The fact is the public school system is degenerating into a propaganda machine for the left wing radicals.
Who came up with that ridiculous title for this article? I want names!
A debate without Harper is like a good movie without annoying commercials.
Many seniors are planning to vote conservative as polled by Zoomer magazine. Silly in their old age.
Banana Republic.
First thing that comes to mind Canadians have no say who the Americans choose as their representatives for the White House.
The Cons DON'T DO EVIDENCE. Apparently there's some Biblical commandment about graven images, false idols, and hard data.
Don't our politicians have better things to do?
from Berig in Rochester I felt quite at home when I lived on Sandy Hill, back in the 80s, far more than when I was in Texas.
Chris Alexander was a shinning star in the Conservative Party, but he is just as divisive and manipulative as his boss Harper. I don't think he comes across as trustworthy.
I know this is a seriously concerning topic but that was one of the funniest things I've read in a while.
The problem is that the 5 eastern most Provinces are huge net recipients of EI funds while the 5 western most Provinces are huge net contributors.'Dropping' half of the country's Premiers might prove to be problematic.
'You got unrighteous doctors dealing drugs that will never cure your ills' - Bob Dylan - 'When You Gonna Wake Up?' - 1979
There is nothing to suggest that what we are being told is not true and it does seem to make sense (as far a religious extremism can make sense).
Demos: CLAP-TRAP.
another failed experiment ?
It seems to me lots of well-educated Muslims get hired and get jobs in Europe, the U.S.A. and in Canada.
It's certainly not democratic. You are absolutely right, even with a change to Proportional Representation, written rules would be a brilliant improvement. Anything open to interpretation can always be interpreted the way they want it.
TO djwgood rebuttal
Obviously it must have been Martians who gave him a majority government.
'bring a measure of justice' means what, when the measure is delivered as bombs? We don't seem to be able to save anybody - but killing a few more for the sake of justice doesn't seem like progress. Quarantine the Middle East.
Yes it is more than good optics, it is BS. Cabinet members should be selected only on the basis of merit not on the color of their skin or their gender. This is not a good way for Turdo to start out.
Art: Your argument is specious. US private health care is the most costly in the OECD. What we have is not perfect; and can be improved, but to suggest a 'free market' is lame.
The Globe seems to have screwed up the url. Here's another try: globaltrends2030.files.wordpress.com/2012/09/cleanedall-purpose-generic-le-menu.pdf
ask mr google about 'jones crusher blues'
Well, let's see if Canadians can shake off the Rob Ford lower taxes syndrome. That, of course, will mean that the media have to come clean, as some here have noted.
Bob: I think you have missed the point.
'Economic terrorism' has an accepted definition. You're misusing the term for dramatic effect.
Umm -- remind us why Mr. Bercuson's views and ad hominem 'arguments' are useful to this discussion?
exactly right.
Fake question. A better one is can you name infrastructures that aren't suffering from f neglect or cutbacks that are not in a conservative riding?
I commend this editorial for its understanding of the principles involved. Good writing too.
Your sunny ways is becoming more like the Dark Empire, lol
all university presidents should be institutionalisedalong with the PMO and Peewee Polievre
Canadians need to ask them selves what Canada would do if Russia decided to take over our Northern Regions, our current Prime Minister has lots to say about Russia and not very nice to 'boot'
how clever...
So I guess you think that the RCMP is a bunch of Communists? Every time you post, you live up to your user name in oh so many ways.
Where's Ericka to scold the author for being (another) smug Canadian?
"China is an interesting counter to this kind of barbaric uncivilized thinking." Really? Have you ever seen this? This is how the government in China operates. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V3XfpYxHKCo
There must be a way to recall this sorry bunch. Do we really have to put up with this nonsense for 3 more yrs?
imagine actually being religious in 2019...did your parents not let you go to science class?
Except your in laws still got to speak their own language and not be punished for doing that .
You got every single one of those out of context and twisted quotes wrong. Congratulations. You are a Harperite.
You missed the point. We're not emulating China. We're nowhere near the same level. But Chinese-spies here will use the race/carding excuse to execute a guilt-trip. They should look in the mirror first...
Agree completely. I think that if one reads the wisdom of the sages of every culture, from Seneca to Laotzu, one finds that stoicism in one form or another is the key.
Every time you say invest in infrastructure you steel money from people who pay taxes to give to those who don't. A government job does not pay taxes, so you are just driving up the debt of the country.
11. Step aside for a true diplomat. (If one can be found in the CPC talent pool.)
He was trying to stave off a Depression. What would be better? Save money and have a depression, and then be forced to spend money or spend money to avoid a Depression?
I'm not saying 95% is the correct # but how do you know it's not. You certainly seem certain enough to direct a personal attack. I doubt you know.
I didn't think it was possible to do more than one spit-take per article. Konrad, you should write for the Onion.
I find that people are opposed to things only until the payola arrives. Funny what money can do.
Even the former secretary of defense and CIA director seriously fault Mr. Obama. In fact, Mr. Obama had no foreign policy and simply ignored international events. He has clearly demonstrated his total incompetence in the role of president.
Sexual abusers are required by law to report this and restricted from being around kids already.
idiotic actually
He was mentally ill, nothing to do with leave or stay, political opportunism at its 'worst.
It is very clear if you have not been drinking the Blue Kool-Aide.
There are no conservative parties to vote for....they are all left of centre
We have enough people lving in moser able conditions that we don't need anymore. Nor do we need more middle class consuming and emitting more. It's not a vague idea in the least.
You're half right.
Just a failed right wing approach to breaching the Charter of Rights of Canadians so Harper can help his conservative buddies that want to build new jails complexes and make money from the poor and disadvantaged.
Another famous leader did this. Leni Reifenstahl choreographed his propaganda.
Wow. Such naivety and delusion. All for a man that has hoodwinked so many Americans into thinking he has the answers. Canadians don't any part of this disaster. America is on it's own with on one. Good luck!
I think Tina Brown nailed it.
Thank you for bringing some sanity to this issue.
Monkey, I do agree a lot of older voters will be wary of Trudeau. Thanks.
@come from away >>Time to try some fresher ideas Anything in mind?
They don't get the idea of having to fight for a job.
Well, you will, but it's irrelevant to the central point of the book so you won't hear about it here.
That's unfortunate.
' SAY IT AINT SO ROB'
Conservatives do not believe in rehabilitation. Conservatives believe in punishment, retribution, and a costly penal system.
and what concerns me is that I have no choice in paying the medical bill for someone who has made the decision not to look after themself
Yes as usual Ms Wente is speaking out of her hat ? what does she know about pain suffered by others ? (she's such a lightweight in her thinking ability .. oye !!!)
Yes. But it's 2016.
And just why would he succeed in suing Canada? Because CANADA violated his rights, that's why. To say nothing of their treasonous ways in upholding foreign 'law' here. You are truly disgusting - the lot of you.
Immigration is not some unbreakable law of physics. Voters have the right to elect politicians who will change the criteria for selecting immigrants; or for decreasing or ending mass immigration completely.
I hear you Canada1. I don't want a Leader. I want representation.
Their normal standard is sophomoric garbage and spin.
Well said Lord Gurr. All lives Matter, the end
'?The Globe and Mail endorses a homegrown Canadian birther movement. Breathtaking.?'How do you know when your winning an argument with a liberal? The moment they call you a bigot.
Harper may want to read a little something Mark Twain said over a century ago.'Never pick a fight with people who buy ink by the barrel.'
Downright silly comment!
Speaking of mindless cult - you should talk. Light bulb moment for you leftist whiners - majority in 2015.
andre As you see from my subsequent comment, I agree with you.
nirak, If you're kid was the only one in the class who couldn't get the money for the trip to the zoo or the circus, you wouldn't be so churlish.
a lot of people wish you would move on tooJW --far, far
News flash, Timber Wolf: the political economic system that most "liberals" pined for and championed for 8 decades, Marxism, has gone down as history's worst failure, across all countries that ever tried it. Live with it.
The one with the most Nobel prizes.
A month ago, Chris Alexander was defending cuts to refugee health care and holding press conferences to announce his 'barbaric cultural practices' hotline. If he was credible when he was in the foreign service, he isn't particularly credible now.
Will PM Trudeau have a role to play in the fight against terrorism?
Hardly spot on. Trump's playing an entirely different (and brilliant) game and a lot of folks - particularly the delicate geniuses who read the Globe like Dave_T - simply do not get it. Unfortunate victims of media bias I suppose.
Please do you use the death of a child for your ulterior motive. It is obvious that you do not care about Chinese or Canada.
How would you know if you aren't a Muslim? And if you are a Muslim, are you trying to over genereralize by not specifying which "Muslim majority" country you were supposedly treated in?
There is no 'other'!Hitler = Moses! Pass= Fail! Up = DownWet = Dry! You = Me!DEATH TO WESTERN LOGIC & IMPERIALISM!
Kurds should have their right to self-determination. And if they do, Canada should support.
Why all this talk about bombing. According to the latest jobs statistics, Trudeau Lite just created 36,000 new bums here in lotus land. Enough already..
Join your kids and give them some time and education rather than the poor role model you profess to be.
Unfortunately this opinion is not supported by facts
'me and my husband'? i recommend that she and her husband pick up a copy of Fowler's Modern English Usage before she applies for a position as a judge.
"Inferiority complex results in overkill." LoL. Irony
As long as you like Liberal party propaganda.
'not all Catholic Priests are abusers'........oh, you sure of that?....which ones?
The personal is - and always has been - political.
the same old Globe - the same tired status quo!
Surprised to read how many attacks on children just last year. Bizarre how many say they're not dangerous.
It's 'revenue neutral'. What you pay in higher taxes for things that require a lot of CO2 emissions, you'll save elsewhere in lower taxes on something that doesn't. B.C. did the same thing, their economy is doing fine, and their emissions are down.
And the Obama 'birthers' were racist and are still racist.
Typical Toronto Voter (?) -- you might want to read some actual Canadian history. Doing so would also tip you off the distinction between Reserves (here) and Reservations (US and elsewhere). Just for starters, like.
Competence should be the driving factor for selection for any job; not gender, ethnic background, etc.,.
Islam permits true believers to dissemble in order to protect their beliefs and faith.
It makes no sense as it just makes people poorer and chases business away!!!!
They have got to go. Hopefully they'll at least lose their majority.
So, Mackay doesn't want to react to a tragic event by pointless posturing and punishing those who had nothing to do with the crime. I'd say that makes him sensible and reasonable, not a right-wing idealogue.
the very FACT that there is such a group, says it all.
Try watching CNN. They are an arm of the Democrats. Its pathetic really.
The catholic church is losing every battle, and the war. Sell some property and try to get back on the moral side.---------the catholic church lasted 2,000 yearswill the Supreme Court last 2,000 years
Since just about all of the directors on the CBC board have been replaced by Harper appointees this should be no surprise.
The Bloom will fade when reality sets in, we are not there yet, give it a year..!
Doesn't really matter what it meant in the beginning. Point is, women choose to wear it now. What's you objection to that?
Too funny!
He did plan out the Alberta firewall doctrine with manning
Ya' think?
He is hoping the Liberal model for Ontario will work for him in Canada.
Try a site like unbock-us.com. It offers a one week free trial.
Well from one moron to another, how'd that Eyerac thing all work out for ya'll?
If you were as 'smart' as you claim to be, you wouldn't misuse uppercase letters so much. [Smart? More? Really??] You would also know that what Levant does isn't even in the same time zone as journalism. Levant is all spin, all the time.
It should be titled the 'Condescend to Voters As If They Were Idiots Act.' I can't imagine anybody will let their intelligence be insulted like this.
... so no critique of the article, just straight to personal attacks. Do you even read the G&M? Your posts are just 1- liners like above, and never actually address the underlining article.
Hell, there are people dying waiting for life saving surgery not to mention subjected to inordinate wait times in ER because don't have a doctor and you want to introduce THIS!
It seems to me that Harper was the one with the "hairdo" and the staff to maintain it. Moreover, I have seen no evidence to suggest that Harper was respected. He was hated.
Until Ms Wente is prepared to talk about the devastating documentary Clinton Cash her views aren't worth heeding. All serious journalists have an obligation to address the huge elephant in the room.
The supposed distinction between 'heavy' engineering and 'light' arts research is based on ignorance, prejudice, or both.
The ones who have gotten away from the reserves are a biased sample. They're the ones who value self-sufficiency and prosperity over dependency.
The only thing more enjoyable than this righteous condemnation of Harper's hypocritical non-performance is the panicky rush by his adulators to stammer out huffy and tear-stained excuses for the Great Man.
'Much tougher economic sanctions are needed'====='Hee haw hee haw!' brayed the empty-headed shill. What is the objective of sanctions? What outcome would they be set up to achieve?
What do you expect from a former local chieftain?
Always hated those ads. So parochial and embarrassing.
This is great. What paper am I reading???
rather Luke Skywalker than Darth Vader
So. You might spoil your ballot because two women have not taken the citizenship oath because they did not want to uncover their faces. Time to give your head a shake.
'The alliteration of incompetence' is good, though. Worth saying even if not accurate.
I live in Calgary too, and No to this proposal.
62,amalgamation of two losers does not make a winner
So your strategy on who is running your investment is a constant protest vote? Why own the stock?
Just being realistic. Arabs are not interested in peace with Jews. They are interestedin the eradication of Jews and the elimination of the Jewish state.
The amusing thing is they'd be the first one to throw their liberal supporters off the top of a building for slighting their imaginary sky-daddy.
How about a Quebec federal red neck saying something stupid? Or a redneck from Ontario? Doesn't that bother you? It bothers me!
'unless he's just jealous of other columnists' numbers and has run full-on into clickbaiting us'Ding, ding ding! We have a winner!
Japan... pearl harbour ring any bells?
I accept responsibility. Who knew I had that kind of influence?
Wonderful indeed! But can we really afford to be teaching Chinese, Vietnamese and East Indian history at our museums? Also, you know the 1st Nations are going to want a big piece of this pie, too.
I would be curious to see a poll with the rest the ROC as to whether they care anymore about if Quebec separates or not. I know I don't.
No need. As climatologists have abandoned science for shrill advocacy, it's become necessary for other scientists to step in and bring some physics and biology based perspective to the issue.
Shake yourself!!!
Is that the plot for the next Terminator movie? Arnold Schwarzenegger colonize another planet to get away from Skynet.
They want to keep people divided.
Earth to the Fox Report..........provincial politics is handled by the provincial politics office at CBC.
Please God... don't tempt the Liberals to run attack ads showing Stephen Harper with his shirt off.
Why should your view, Mothihari, be the only one printed in a newspaper?
Then either you are hard of hearing, or reading comprehension challenged, or both.
Blah, blah, blah.
the irony of your reply
You need to learn how to use the reply button, dude.
Touch?, Coriolanus.
Women can just say no.
the only complex thing about it is the clumsy interspersing of 2 languages . If presented as you, wrote it, it is clumsy. But you wouldn't need to be a rocket surgeon to figure it out.
I am sure Scotland will have another chance for independence in 2018. I hope they don't blow it next time.
Layla, I read your comment about Bill. w, so I took a moment and checked your profile. Yesterday and today, you have written 137 consecutive comments opposed to Trudeau/Castro. That's up to 6:30 tonight. Hopeless you say?
Oh deer: Hitler really! I have nothing but respect for Jews, they are truly a remarkable people. It's you retread, left wing , tambourine banging, pot circle sloths I have no time for. Ps love your conspiracy theories, do you hear voices?
That's because they get a tonne of business from the Democrats.
Really? China is picking up after Japan? I thought most people think China is picking up after the U.S.!
Long hair and jeans? What are you, a 1960s high school principal?
It's clear that Schrodinger's Cat has no idea what female genital mutilation is, or he wouldn't have conflated it with male circumcision.
Worst is that he has a good chance of being re-elected. That's terrifying
The Root Cause of Marois' ban of religious symbols in Quebec is that some people don't want to integrate and assimilate into canadian societythey push 'diversity' and 'multiculturalism' to the limitsthis is the backlash
Wow, 4 minutes in and -7 already. Thats impressive.
How is common sense and protecting your country from illegal entry attempts xenophobic? The media like, the Globe sure love to throw that word around carelessly.
If Harper does win a minority watch for the knives to come out. Autocrats are only successful if they have power, not when they are losers on their way out.
Gerald Butts' mind: he is the man behind the curtain
Have you ever noticed how draconian laws brought in to punish some particularly heinous crime eventually gets extended over time to apply to less heinous crimes? I have.
Tom... grand children are god's reward for not strangling your children... we have seven so far... fantastic!
After I posted this, I just realized - maybe no one cares? How sad would that be?
Hard to do, when the cupboard is bare.
Trudeau Jr. has already said that prioritizing persecuted Christians and other minorities for refugee status is 'Disgusting' and he won't do it.
It was good to be an Albertan back then. You knew where you stood with the government and you knew Ralph wouldn't take a cheap shot or go back on his word.
With many people they never had it.
And before the NEP was the National Oil Policy that required everybody west of Quebec to buy Alberta oil at above market prices. I don't see the national value in having oil policies only when they benefit Alberta.
from Berig in RochesterIs there still a movement for independence there?
I kinda like that Russian anthem too. Problem is, it always makes me think of Russians.
It is impossible to not have a heirarchy of rights, because they will conflict.
I would absolutely run you over if I drove past you on my way to work
Awful article. No wonder newspapers are folding.
What's that, the high prophets of the green religion got caught fudging the data. Now their credibility is screwed? Weep for mother Gaia.
'near-fascist'? Nothing 'near' about it. It has squarely hit the bullseye!!
John A MacDonald was the 1st White Supremacist PM of Canada who is the 2nd ? how much land did the settlers bring with them in their ships ? I rest my case .
Did you just come to the realization that climate change is real or was the disruption in the economy your motive all along?
$49, actually.
Perhaps you can explain what justifies the murder of cartoonists?
'that the ECB would, when push came to shove, bail them out'Except they didn't
How much will Canadians be on the hook for the long term maintenance of this 'privately funded' piece of kitsch?
Not the only place: https://vimeo.com/93339810
Actually, that happened long after the beginning, 15 billion years after.
Before you are born, Rita, you have no place in law. You re not a 'person'. Quit with the heartstrings campaign. A blob is a blob.
I knew right from the time of the Gurmant Grewal tapes that Harper was unfit for any office.
The analogy is not perfect? Your analogy is nonsensical.
Don't pagans just basically worship Mother Nature? Sounds good enough for me (though I won't participate. I'm lazy)
Windmill Wynne. Kindergarten Katie.
That ship has sailed. There is nothing you can do to fix his image, because it is not a surface problem, it is ugly and it goes right to the bone
bb explains nothing
Meanwhile back at the ranch, turdeau was watching the events the only way he can... on TV...LOL!
Thank you for reminding me why I dropped my subscription.
So I guess all Harpers success had nothing to do with the balanced budget left to him by Martin? Great to know that Harper did it all himself.
Are you calling Margaret a bigot? What, you can't handle the truth? LOL at comparing Wente to Trump. Really, some people are beyond salvation.
And Steve is really, really offended by questions from journalists seeking to tell their public just what their dictator of the moment has in store for them and their descendants - besides lower taxes.
Lucas: Indeed friend! Perhaps I should have just said that he is blaming Natives for his own self-created problems....oh those darn Idle No More protestors and their isbegotten ways... oh mercy me.
It might work as an editorial; it doesn't work as an endorsement --because the option the board supports isn't running in this election.
'The Globe, the Star want to conceal it'The Toronto Sun?
Dude, Martin not Simpson.
TJ2... quite the imagination. A combined school system would save Ontario $1 billion per year. It's saved Newfoundland a lot of money. Amalgamation is where savings would be achieved.
Doug H : you are correct.. The monies divided among 4 million Scots will go a lot further than among 62 million in the UK
Great, I'll just keep working hard and paying taxes to raise your kids.
Yes, and they do get up early to show up here to pat Margaret on the back.
If you have to resort to such hyperbole, you don't have much of a point.
Best before date?
FC, accusing anyone of doing careless research while carrying on about Thompson is about as idiotic as... well as claiming vaccines cause autism. http://www.snopes.com/medical/disease/cdcwhistleblower.asp
And Poloz is his hand-picked handmaiden.
These are very specific claims. Please provide your sources for this info.
I'm just waiting for the announcement from Wynne that the Govt is partnering with OTPP, OMERS who will be investing in Rail, Health Care, Education Infrastructure financed with the Lib Revenue Tool known as Wynne Ontario Pension Plan scam.
First time I've agreed with Ms. Wente in a long time.
Why do you think Baird left? So he wouldn't be further tainted by Harper. He gave up his bulldog persona and is well liked by caucus. Besides, he is smart, not stupid.
Right. And it's going to get a whole lot uglier.
. Harper 1 (2007/2008.......2006/07 was written by the Liberals), Thatcher 1, Harris 1 .
well put he is a wide eyed idealist, just like in many Hollywood scriptstoo bad its not a movie we can walk out of
'retarded?'
Quick, name a better Central Banker.....let me see most cons always admired Greenspan, the Aynn Rand groupie.....but surely you see what a joke he was now....so name a better one?
It's hard to beat being PM on your resume, when you're applying for the PM job.
'The people need to decide our sentencing laws?'Yeah right. And the people need to wire their own homes, do their own surgery and practice dentistry on each other. Do you know anything about Common Law?
Like I said, I'm worn out but Google has a vast supply of info on this https://www.google.ca/?gws_rd=ssl#q=The+value+of+a+liberal+arts+degree
You have just declared that one quarter of the world's population is backwards. Because they don't live like you? Every single one of the nearly 2 billion Muslims are the same? You must live in a small, small world.
The head of planned parenthood didn't answer why they were haggling over the price.
What verbiage in NAFTA refers to access to American soil for construction purposes?
Margaret Wente and company will love the attitude to women prevailing among the new arrivals that Hillary wants. See Cologne NY Eve 2016 for a preview.
This, from Margaret Wente, who used to be the cheerleader for all things Conservative/Republican.I wonder what accounts for this conversion on the road to Chicago?
@underwrought Trump does talk about the issues. You're comment tells me that you don't watch his rallies, nor do you watch the debates. It tells me you are uninformed. No big surprise there, though.
I think you're ' pretty much' watching too may movies :-)Cheers
And we only have to look around, hereabouts, to see the source of the poison, RH. Finance capital has these people by the short one.
and you walk everywhere you go ....in bare naked since manufacturing also used fossil fuels... and of course live on the streets since heating a home requires fossil fuels...
that commitment and ethic will bode well for the future........good luck
I guess that's why there is a majority government.
Just make sure that when you do buy a new car is is another brand or from another dealer! Then stop in to show it off to them to illustrate the point.
Suddenly not so friendly, but let's not give up hope until all is lost to those who would return us to pre-Enlightenment times.
That's incorrect. Teachers don't start at full salary. You have zero idea of what you are talking about.
No mobility, eh? What are these people doing now?
'Now that climate change is beyond doubt...'The perfect definition of 'begging the question.'
Now that is political bs. The senate needs to be abolished to stop the ransacking of the wallets of the taxpayer. Than we can work on the commons.
Typical of Ms Wente....just pick the data that supports her point and don't bother doing any more research or analytical work than she has to.
You mean like Harper's?
No, I haven't noticed, actually. Could you provide a few more clues ? And while you're at it, maybe a little evidence ?
Good post, Agree with just about all you say except the part about not being crude and thoughtless. Allowing the crude and thoughtless to express themselves helps to identify them for what they really are.
My dentist is a woman and she's an excellent dentist. Is it fear of the competition that is driving dentists into sexism?
Yeah, everyone knows trains are the root cause of train derailment. No need to look further...
What are you talking about?
You know that under any and every system the Liberals will only win if they have the most support from the voters, right?
I guess CBC must have decided to check Sun Media who have been reporting this all last week.
lose not loose
'I would guess that'.....you should not guess out load, it make you sound foolish
So any nutjob with an axe to grind, a blog and the ability to print a nametag that says PRESS counts as a journalist? Well, OK.(Not quite sure that's where the Globe wants to be going, but then its editorials rarely fire on all synapses.)
Our environment is in deep deep peril and we need Site C shut down immediately!
Excellent article - most public servants don't appreciate how well off they are compared to the rest of us.
And if you were one of these 'real men' you would comment using your own name.
It's the best they could do without speaking directly to his being unethical - which they can't do, of course, since they repeatedly endorsed him, despite much earlier 'regrettable' behaviour.
sweeping statement
Maybe for you.
The more something is a "known fact" according to who says it, the more likely it is a rumor...
The Arab countries don't have $ millions - they have $ billions !!One might think about that perspective ...
Actually, Gore won the popular vote. The vote that counted was 5 to 4.
Could you elaborate? How are the TFSA and RRSP fraudulent? And, even if they are, why are they not good things?
@denglish,I'm sure those beheaded Christian schoolgirls in Indonesia would disagree with your ridiculous statement.
The example you give is like giving a pedophile an award because he opens an orphanage.
Boycott their show... tell CBC why...
topless tribeswomen are nothing compared to what adolescent boys now see on the internet.
Why would you limit throwing off the shackles to just women? Shouldn't all people be able to live as free and rational human beings??
Spot on, TG. More, please.
'Canada announced it would spend $15.5 million over four years to support job training of young people in the Philippines.'Are young Canadians getting first crack at all this training funding?? Ask your MP.
The people of his riding in Nova Scotia ought to realize that just because they voted for his father, doesn't mean they have to vote for the idiot son.
There hasn't been freedom of expression in Canada for some time now. The Canadian English press is now officially cowed.
Al Gore is not a fraud. Do some reading please.
That and his abiding belief in the Book of Revelations - I don't know why The Globe keeps censoring that away, since it is his evangelical church's doctrine.
We have a lot at stake, we know a lot of Americans, there are 1 million dual citizens in Canada
Hahaha! Love your handle...
All that and you are only 57? Doesn't sound good.
Who says it's stupid? Stupid is what sir stupid says.
I don't care if he can't tie his shoelaces.... he can't possibly be as bad as Harper.
zero means the people paid
makes one wish for Trump
and part of the victims
As a Canadian who has moved to china I can tell you that I can speak freely to people and travel freely wherever I want (on high speed rail no less).
Does anyone remember what I think was John Diefenbaker speaking about Nixon calling Pierre Trudeau an A-hole? It went something like this...' He may not be the best politician but he certainly knows his anatomy.'
dave-in-acton - I chuckled when I read your post. Very apropos.
The fact that you'd prefer a fool says much about you, Mr. Gump. You may understand quantum electodynamics that you learned from others, but your thinking skills are obviously limited. I'll take my university degrees over yours any day.
The funding was cut to $1.0 billion in the last fiscal year. Conservative 'math' and 'facts' like yours is one reason we need an independent public broadcaster with the resources to enable it to do its job.
The G&M is a repeat official editorial endorser of billion dollar fake lake Harper. You're a joke.
Blah blah blah, War! Yeehaw! Blah blah blah, Jebus! Yeehaw! This after all an unofficial Conservative organ. No surprise.
jonsnipperbesmirched the good standing of Canada in the international community.------the 250, 000 immigrants and refugees beg to differ
What the majority think is no indicator of truth. Ask Germans in the 1930s.
Ukraine armed its own trolls all over the world to counterbalance. So what's the point?
Will Trudeau make science based decisions on this file or will he just appeal to his base?
'Decimated'? 'Destroyed' seems more likely. Otherwise the article makes excellent points.
WW's boss is so happy they could be twins!
It was part of a Territory of Canada before that, enjoying the benefits of Canadian federalism.
and the internet too
I dare the Left make this an ELECTION issue in October 2015 1. Kahdr 2. wearing the NIQAB in citizenship court 3. anti Terror bill I dare you The leftists on G and M online comments are NOT REPRESENTATIVE of the general population and they know it
Boy are you a simpleton... Wahhabi ideology is spreading terrorism around the World, and you think it's some form of forward thinking. Give your head a shake... I'm sure the rattle would be deafening...
I do not think that Canada has a murder problem either - there are only a couple of hundred of them per year. Does that mean we do not need any measures to combat it?
'dismiss half your government'?do you have a hot clue what you are talking about? please explain.
The countries that opened there doors to immigration are all losing their customs and values. Immigration was the worst thing that hit the planet after WWll.
a National geographic study of americans found that almost 30% could not find the pacific ocean on a map of the world iraq? 60%new York State? 50%80% believed up until about 2004 that saddam hussein was responsible for 9/11
Perhaps you missed the word allies.
This Trump stand and the 'intelligence' of his followers could bring about some very wild behaviour after election day. And with their second amendment rights, someone will probably get hurt.
David Gibson: 'We need an American news company to keep us honest, eh?'Try dealing with the content instead of attacking the speaker. It's always irrational, and in this case also xenophobic and ignorant.
If you think there has been no discussion of this, it is because you are not in Europe. it has been being discussed for decades now. It is here that the debate is just getting started.
Stop trying to change the topic. No Iraqi ever called me Newfie !
Amazingly ignorant post
I hope you're right. In the meantime, we've lost some of the measurement tools traditionally used to make policy (long form census, for one). That damage cannot be undone.
How long before you post and mine are deleted by the Silence Any Opposition Brigade?
The current situation was inevitable when GW Bush invaded Iraq in the first place. Placing the blame on Obama? Nice try.
Occam's Razor. Look it up.
I'm not a R.C. but I do take my hat off to the leadership of Pope Francis. I am surprised that he hasn't been shot by now because he is so radical as a Catholic & on such fundamental HUMANE issues that are centred in our daily life.
"Bueller.... Bueller...."
With education you can make an informed choice instead of just hoping for the best outcome. If things go wrong you are equipped to deal with the situation better.
You might want to read this before you reply: www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-19592372
Oh yes, left-wingers are known for their staunch work ethic.
It was kind of dumb to post this once. Doing it half a dozen times doesn't make it smarter.
It's not an editorial but an opinion piece whose author's gloominess is rather pervasive.
Wow!!!! Give me their numbers and I will join in. All of Canada should do that. Supreme revenge.
If you knew the area you may well have second thoughts.
A fine work of political fiction
Yes the people are now trained, violent crime is way down. But, financial crime is now just called 'business'
No - Just a Liberal.
Self righteous very much ?
Bears eat people, and so do some Russians:'Russian cannibals had sauna sex with 'drunk' woman before serving her at dinner party,' Ottawa Sun, 21 October 2016.
Surely it depends on the type of immigrant/refugee.
WTH are you talking about IRESQU? The poll was about the attack ad on Trudeau - who said they were Tories?
Which Province is that?
Have you been reading too much drivel put out by the Koch brothers.
She wouldn't win anyways so who cares. The Liberal Party won't elect a female leader.
Never a good idea to get involved in a domestic dispute.
you no #climate expert mate. stop misinforming people. sad.
You must be aged 10 or forgot about the Trudeau Tanks in the Streets
Was there one?
People in the middle east know what a DICTATOR is even if leftists in the comfort of the West do not
You must be one of Christy Clark's close policy advisors.
I think I agree with but not as clear as if your grammar is not quite there yet.
I'm not an Obama fan but going to Congress when there is no present and real danger to the US is exactly what he should have done. What nimrod writes these eds.
Well put (other than that first sentence).
Hey Ms. Wente! Have you ever ventured outside Forest Hill or Rosedale?
I think the space cadet was a far better option for the libs
Conservatism isn't about economic freedom - it is about ...conservatism: preservation of existing power and status relationships, resistance to questioning of values, fear of people outside the in-group.
What is the point of feeling sorry for Alberta Conservatives and the people of Alberta. They don't learn and don't want to.
Sure, Proscenium. That's always the other guy's comment, never yours, right? C.
Best outcome would be for the Conservatives to get slaughtered thereby forcing a leadership change before the election that counts.
Look truthhurts - I'm beginning to believe there is just you in your little world and everyone else is "left" or "leftists" or "left wing". You need to broaden your horizons.
proroguing is LEGALthe governor general approved ittake it to the supreme court if there is a case
Congratulations, you read the article. The envious will always care more about what others have rather than the fact that everyone has significantly more. C.
Medication in itself, is not a bad thing if it is needed. Sometimes, leaving everything to nature leads to a shorter life and more unpleasant end than needs to be. Heart and blood pressure meds come to mind, if you need them.
Buddy, how do you think your comment is contributing to the discourse? I can't see it is at all. There are people dying and we must do our part. It's really quite simple. Oh, and I have contributed towards the effort.
If it's so horrible, then why are you here?
What a stupid comment. Isn't it any media's role to offer comments on foreign events.
You only voted PC because Redford was in charge. Without Redford, the PC's no longer appeal to you.
sky, this has nothing to do with transgendered athletes. Neither Ms Semenya or Ms Chand are transgendered.
Thanks Mark. Good post.
I had largely forgotten about that particular Tory lie. Some still believe that the camps existed even though no one, no one, has ever provided a bit of evidence.
maybe he should stop saying climate change is 'man made'
What could the 'similarity' have been ? The mind boggles.
If you 'break' extremism there will be no 'backlash'.
The plural of 'minimum' is 'minima', not 'minimums'. Minimums are an especially small breed of mums.
Loss of 25% of your output is not rebuilding. Greece will be the institutionalized cripple of Europe for the next three generations if they do not escape from the Euro.
Nowhere in Christianity are you instructed to succumb to worst opinions you have of another group or person.
Not a chance after what he and Baird did to the UAE.
You are abcolutely right:(1+.02) to the power of 35 = 1.999 or roughly 2 !(2+.02) to the power of 70 = 3.999 or roughly 4 !
It don't matter what the prohibitionists opinion is, Cannabis is a medicine and has been one for thousands of years. The proof is in the archeological evidence found all over the planet. Real evidence> prohibitionist opinion.
Great post.
You know the warmists are losing it when most of their comments are vitriol, Wente bashing, name calling...
Rightard PMO Alert!!
NDPNDPNDPNDPNDPThe inheriting chief of the Inheriting Party probably doesn't know what the term 'working class' means. He has never used it. If he did, his brain would probably get dirty.
Of course Harper deserves zero credit for helping keep Canada a float during the recession. However he deserves every bit of criticism when the economy drops by .1% though right? Typical lefty.
Exactly. No one in Canada has heard of productivity. You can spend money only one way, according to them, and that is that.
the real terror in Canada is robo-con harper and his cons.
Religious kooks are funny in the way they constantly strive for extremes to push their the regrersive agenda.
I must admit that compared to Harper anyone would look very/very good. But, that said, this government is doing very well delivering on their agenda. Now it must push forward aggressively with electoral reform.
Our society is as inclusive as it gets on this planet. Religious nuts exclude themselves from us, thinking they are part of the 'chosen', 'enlightenend' or 'blessed'.
They have. Check out the Tyee
Hate is blind, too.
This small community might not have a ladder truck with such extension ...
I read this article in the New York Times 2 weeks ago. Same quote from the college roommate. Yawn
Junk populism. Rochdale and Rob deserve each other.
You know very well what I was alluding to? Why are you being a 'smartass' about it?
Further fact check: http://www.nytimes.com/2015/11/04/world/asia/china-burns-much-more-coal-than-reported-complicating-climate-talks.html?_r=0
Obviously, we didn't.
And how was Harper elected? Fear and painting an image of his opponents as people no one would vote for. It's called politics. Your guy lost. Get over it.
But it doesn't harm the loyal 38% who vote for Steve.
Again with the unproven comment. Prove it or don't comment.
think, You're a bigot. Dismiss.
Are you really that dense? And Harper is a professional politician and an opportunist who is stoking prejudices and fear to gain votes in Quebec.
This is a widely documented and reported on trend. Here you go. http://www.lsuc.on.ca/WorkArea/DownloadAsset.aspx?id=2147494539
you are so na?ve.
75% of adults in China don't believe smoking is hazardous to health. They must be suffering from the same lack of intelligence as our own climate change deniers. All the evidence is there, but they refuse to accept it.
Very good point. Our tolerance level has gone way up for all the c*ap the CONS give us all the time, especially the attack ads, so I guess a respectful and adult conversation comes off as pretty boring.
Is there such a thing as a respectable newspaper? Of any political leaning?
Fair enough, but the Liberal's share of the popular vote is basically unchanged in this election, and IMO it's unhealthy to have the NDP and Liberal platforms overlapping so much.
Way to go Progressive. I made a bet and am collecting two-bits for every capitalized "LEFTISTS" reference you include in your G&M comments. Most profitable bet I have made in a long time. Andre
Your contradict yourself.
This is biggest pile of crap I've heard in a long time. I guess you justify anything in your own mind.
Way better looking than his dad. I never understood 'Trudeaumania' back in 1968. Short, bald little twerp. At least for Justin, he got his height and body build from the Sinclair side of the family.
Trump will lose, then he'll loose. Be prepared to duck.
Start calling them first villagers instead?
George, you are over weight and under active. Address those issues and you won't need mother government to help you.
The conservatives have spent several years trying to hang an albatross around Justin Trudeau's neck, and he goes out and gets one of his very own.
That's right. Police have a licence to fabricate, and get away it. Just go to a police station and try to report a police officer or child protection worker. Policing is a dirty dirty corrupt business. www.OttawaMensCentre.com
Are you aware there was an autonomous Jewish state already in existence since before the second WW? And is still there today? http://www.russia-ic.com/regions/5146/?sort=1
It's just to much to ask the con-serve-yourself government to do the right (for itself only) thing when it appears so committed to doing the wrong thing for Canada and Canadians.
Trudeau is remarkably honest and authentic. I think that's what unnerves Mr Harper. Harper is so obviously a product with his frozen smile and wig-like hair. Trudeau is flesh and blood.
Why would people be posting about the liberals when Paris just had a tradegy? Can your partisanship know no end???
Wyndham99: ---- "What is your view on the other parties joining up with the separatists, dah." Whyt don't you ask Harper? Or do you really NOT know about his deal with Duceppe and Layton in 2004? How embarrassing for you.
The Globe endorses Harper and the Reformatory Party. Well done kids.
Not to be too picky, but I have to point out that you meant to write 'wanton', but typed 'wonton' instead. I don't think you meant to say that Chinese dumplings were destroying the planet! :)
O si tacuisses ...
This talk of them being patient is pretty damned arrogant... it's not up to China to dictate who Trump or any other Democratic leader is allowed to speak to.
Laser link gets his (or her... Equality and all) position shot down, and resorts to ad hominem. What a lobcock.
Thanks for those links Ed. I had no idea that my taxes were helping to fund this program. How stupid are Canadians on this issue? How much crap will Harper feed us before the country is broke? What is the position of Justin Trudeau on this issue?
Excellent article. We should be celebrating climate change instead of fighting it. We can do this by planting more trees and vegetation.
Well, except for the little awkward bits about the PMO lying through its teeth. http://ipolitics.ca/2015/08/20/message-management-in-the-harper-pmo-replacing-one-lie-with-another/
'this' one ??
Maladroit moves, perhaps ? Or is that too much from the French for a Harper acolyte ?
Will be happy to see an end to Islamophobia in a more liberal Canada that aims to be inclusive. We've a long way to go in repairing the damage of previous Federal Governments.
How often are you going to post the same thing?
Will Canadians see through the smoke of fabricated feat and terror
If you honestly see the deceitful Cons as the 'best option' available I feel sorry for you.
I keep mine for my birdcage, PLUS I get the NYT Sunday magazine.
Well said. THis is the worst editorial I have seen in a long time. It is completely non-sensical.
Blame the Cambridge spy ring and the soviets for what they wrought during the cold war. An apology is an act of contrition. A blanket macro apology divorced from the context is about as insincere and meaningless as it gets.
'Raping families' is quite a bit over the top.
You're missing the point: YVR differs profoundly from those 'world cities': it doesn't have an economy - nor the industries - that remotely justifies the housing costs. See 'bubble'.
When I read a solid, practical and to the point argument like that from Lewis Mackenzie, I wonder whether life wouldn't be so much easier under military rule.
Not really. One can have a very good economy, then still foolishly spend more than revenue, resulting in a continuing deficit.
oooooh, Margaret, you are going to be unpopular for refusing to hold hands and hug everyone. Imagine, males and females are different. Shhhhhh - we are working on an adrogynous universe and this can't be allowed.
One can but that's never been the issue. Then who cares? Does God?
Finally, someone else who gets it! Canada is too small of a contributor to have any effect even if we went dark tomorrow. The debate should be: are expensive symbolic gestures and paying consultants like Mark worth it?
75 % of our healthcare is privately run...
Lol! I'm climbing back into my chair now......
hey a guy form cowtown protecting his puppetmaster, how shocking
Weaver is a Green Party hack. He has about as much trustworthiness as James Hansen....the fraud who was booted (finally) out of NASA.
LloydG doesn't get numbers. According to him 100% of couples divorce
The purity of the blood eh? Where oh where have I heard that before?
We will only have education and quality of life if we are willing to invest, smartly. No party is willing to do that.
Yes, it's good to end on a reminder that the Quebecois can't ever be accused of being racist because of course, only those in positions of power can be racist. Good to see he got that memo (as offensive as the idea might be).
Of course Hillary controls Russia , China, Japan , the Middle East and the Ukraine Crimea . The list is long and getting longer with the tin foil hat crowd.
It's more than a bit rich of Presto Manning to worry about this issue right now after 10 years of political spending shenanigans under Harper, isn't it?
There are more than two, but at least the others graze in a private field.
Why limit only to right wing thought? All politicians are guilty of pandering.
Let's just hope the Americans don't implode. We need their counter weight to offset China's influence. In all fairness to Trudeau, he just does not have what it takes.
No. Virtually nothing has been done about climate change.
Liberal light... no thanks.
what a stupid statement to make
Sounds like a well-thought-out analysis to me...Unlike djw's response.
I'm Black and completely disagree with you! Don the Con is only nice to Afro-Americans right now because he can't win without a higher percentage of our votes. Most African Americans see through this!
Nelson: the truth hurts?
Sheema, is your religion not defined by the koran and sharia? If so, what you say above means nothing
we don't have any other alpha dog in the current pack.
Wow, Lamont Cranston called left wing. This is a first.
What's that got to do with drought in California?
Especially given that they deleted your most excellent comment yesterday for no good reason.
Garbage. The earth is entering thirty year cooling phase. The war on coal and oil will stop as soon as a Republican is in the White House. President Obama has been mislead by his science adviser.
I'd be very surprised to see Simpson do something so constructive. It's obvious he's very determined to deflect attention from precisely that discussion.
So you don't feel that the fact that the UK & US didn't build those islands is unimportant?
Has anyone at G&M failed to tell Scotland to lose referendum? Now Bob Rae joins a long list of reporters, all loyal to BP oil and Westminster fork tongue politicians. Status quo at all cost!
Pik - I guess we'll see. If so it will be one of the few things Harper has built, destruction seeming to be his preferred course of action.
what does robo-con harper say?
Says who? Take a look around, comrade.
Europeans are generally elitists.
David... Why? You speaking for god? Saying god can't make up its own mind when the time comes and make an exception?
Hillary Clinton got more votes than Donald Trump.
Brunswick makes a fine sardine from Canadian herring. Try the tomato flavour on rye with avocado, a few extra tomato slices & a bit of soy - it is a happy maker.
HJKYou missed the point. It is not about the police, or the nice young man. Go back to school, or take a basic political science class.
Thank you, Sujeet, for your article. It's a good wake up call for us all on the consequences of our choices.
But think about all those new service jobs in the restaurant/bar industry...
But it won't because the truth will be buried under the same old same old wealth creating excuses.
That would require both work and a basis for OS's claim. Don't wait up.
Ask them how effective the bombing is.
Linda in BC - fan of Sarah Palin - you betcha!
Nice metaphor for Bambi's fate.
Andrew Despite the narrative not many companies have Enron accounting. Cooking the books always comes out like Pennwest. The loss of trust by the market is a death spiral. Plus if you are the CFO in charge firing maybe the least of your worries.
The knuckle-dragging deniers on the right, in their reactionary ignorance, are the reason the modern world still needs real journalists and real scientists...
Just curious, does this 'Justin' guy have a last name?
'For ye have the poor always with you'. Matthew 26:11SO let's just give up and all be poor? Give your pointy head a shake.
We'll done. And the son's take away - that life is about doing regular things and building stuff - is priceless.
'A country is not only what it does ? it is also what it puts up with, what it tolerates.'Kurt TucholskyLetter to Arnold Zweig (1934)
After AdScam the Liberal Party of Canada should have been declared a criminal organization, shut down and outlawed. The Liberal faces have changed - the core values haven't.
That is a very poor arguemnt, it doesn't respond to my arguments at all
The name Trudough is Golden. What's in a name?
Anyone can go to the Dept of Justice website for any country and see how legalization of prostitution is going. Not much has changed, it's too early to tell.
Yourself included, good doctor.
with what? are you going to write a letter of concern? LOL
lol... NO...he is VERY liberal...
Exactly how its worked out in Detroit, Baltimore, New Orleans and any other place where people have lots of time on their hands.
'Money will not be a problem
If only the conservatives had the slightest shred of Obama's intelligence or statesmanship....
It is people like you that don't deserve a vote because you are not capable of understanding simple concepts.
Subtly put. Betcha he's very careful when he goes out at night.
Hi Margaret, Hang in!The married men and women who are happy don't have time to write their comments. They are happy. So - Stay on the course. AJ
The catholic school board should be abolished. That's a no brainer.
'Scientific method?' A hundred years from now much of today's 'best medical practices' will be looked upon seen as superstition and quackery.
np06 writes...'Of course cutting the government waste and cost won't even occur to simpson and the lunatic left'. Isn't that what the Harper Government did these past 10 years, including all that wasteful spending on veterans?
Then you eradicate government revenues, good plan. So then, who'd finance the immigration charity project?
Obama has been remarkably successful in the face of an insane GoP Congressional majority.
What surplus?
I notice the Globe has closed off comments on the Ford'd Friends column. Any chance of spending some of your reporters' time researching Wynn's acquaintances or Smitheram's. The seem to have a lot of extra to waste. Thought not.
There's no way the Liberals will kill 3,000 high paying jobs in Ontario due to idealism. After all, did they try to block the deal when they were in opposition?
The US invaded Afghanistan and Iraq, over turned the Ghadaffi regime in Libya, while remaining the steadfast ally of the Saudis.
Perpetual victimhood apologist for the Islamist extremist ? 100% misguided hashtag activism fit for garbage bin.
It should be that children who cannot prove to have been vaccinated be refused school attendance. Those parents who refuse should have to home school their kids
'If we spent more time looking after each other, we wouldn?t have to go to the government for support.'Excuse me mister Manning, 'we' is the government. Havent u noticed. Or it should be.
Well, you only see people in Ottawa heading south when they retire at 55 with an indexed pension... So yes 'Chris', I see your point.....
How about Fox News, z?
yep, read that too.
Mike HARRIS said they were part time and reduced their salaries from over $50,000 to a mere $5,000since then it has shot upanyone knows to what ?a lot I believe
What is a "globalist" paper? Seriously please explain what that means And yes it definitely is a right-wing paper
'These Liberals are crooks.' you say. Where is your proof? Your comment was strong until you pulled out this pathetic statement.
Yes, I have seen this. I'm not sure how close these minority people are to these lefties who want desparately to prove to themselves how accepting how culturally sophisticated they are.
Agreed, but Chretien had a lot more guts, style and yes, paradoxically, class than Harper. Chretien was a street fighter who delivered, Harper's just an ineffectual windbag. And as wilson notes, results count more than anything.
OK, that's funny.
you mean, like the slow steady change europeans forced down the rest of the world's throats during the dark and evil days of empire?
We don't support them to remain segregated though, and they can't be banished from the city if they don't cooperate.
Well said!!!!! The "sheep mentality" of Harper's followers is nothing short of frightening!!!!
Stephen Harper layed out these disastrous economic policies and now the chickens come home to roost! Harper borrowed George W Bush's failed agenda and we now suffer the consequences.
How's that going in Ontario for you. By progressives do you mean bankrupt the province paying off the public service unions and cancelling power plants? What 'progressive' ideas have been rolled out in Ontario?????
How primitive your beliefs are Dan.
What response would you like?
The lines are already there... they are contained in the Charter and as far as mutilations, assaults or murders are concerned, they are covered by the criminal code.
Yeah the Leafs are the weakness in my argument. Some things just don't get any better I guess. lol
gtm - diversifying to tourism would be very interesting to watch.
Ron, hello? You somehow write that you 'don't think anyone is saying' the Australia guy was not a terrorist? Huh?Are you reading the same newspaper webpage that I am reading?
The ignorant shall always be with us.
'The gas attack you speak of is fabrication therefore fake news...'That's why Obama didn't do anything when the red line was crossed. It was unclear who was responsible.
how are you enjoying your 74 cent dollar.
Wrong. Oh, yeah, they're every-ready, to govern, alright, at the drop of a hat (or a writ) But the questions are: (1) Do they deserve to? (2) Are they able?
Tatty studly confuses his own deep attraction for males with having that forced on him. He can then claim that when caught with a male prostitute that he was acting under compulsion and not of his own free will.
Junior?? Pls grow up DCM...
So you like shooting things do you?
Yup this editorial was 100% disingenuous. The globe I acting unabashedly as a mouth piece for the status quo who fear proportional representation and more government say being given to the hoi palloi!
I've never understood why people think a Granny with OAS and maybe a bit of GIS sitting in a $400,000 house with no mortgage is poor. I mean, seriously -- we should probably change a lot of means-testing to asset tests from income tests.
l have to give the good professor credit for coming up with a phrase like 'opportunistically principled'. Along the lines of honest when under surveillance.
Quebec is getting more multicultural, support for sovereignty has never cracked 50% in the past, it's certainly not getting there in the future.
And Canadian troops captured by Chinese during the Korean war?? look it up.Being a prisoner of war is just that, a prisoner, you are at the complete mercy of the victors. Ask any surviving member from Stalingrad... wait their aren't any left.
Reminds me of the Collective Farms of ....
WestLight, you expressed my thought about the Globe and Mail wanting only the elites to select the head of state. It's a constant theme of the Globe.
Might not be quite that bad yet. This election could be key. On the other hand, we've been there and done that before.
If nurses, teachers, and police are required to be on the Sunshine List, then so should doctors. It's simply a matter of fairness, and where there's a will, there's a way. A doctor's T2 or T2125 would be a good start.
Yes, and I appreciate the Conservatives for their bringing in thevHumsn rights act under John Diefenbaker.
Interesting argument in favor of the status quo, flyboy. No reply to the stats about the dramatically reduced frequency of fires. Just attack the author. Nice work!
The "liberal" media certainly doesn't like free speech, unless it shares their post modernist conception of the world.
You are a threat to this great nation!
Unfortunately this will probably work quite well for them, Harper does not give any opportunity for saying anything off cuff as Trudeau does.
His mental age is below 18. He is just teen.
Although I doubt Justin understood that he was the main course at the state dinner, it won't be selfies and unicorns when he has to break bread with either Pres. Trump or Clinton come January.
There is no PC party federally. That was 15 years ago.
I am pleased to hear that Canada is a major donor in this important initiative to bring justice to the beautiful country of Guatemala.
In a country where gay marriage is legal, smoking pot is decriminalized, and Olivia Chow can run in Toronto's mayoral election, why not legalize prostitution and penalize pimping with the death sentence?
Look, over there. Don't look here, nothing to see here, look over there! Change the subject. Divert attention. Nothing important going on here. Says the mouthpiece of 6% of Canadians polled.
Capitalism created poverty.
Good article. Helps cut through some of the fog.
Rex Murphy puts the Globe and Mail editors to shame. Not much of a challenge for many, a walk in the park for Rex. http://www.cbc.ca/thenational/content/analysis/rexmurphy/post.html
Have you experienced it first hand? Generally speaking, countries where prohibition is in place do not see the murders, accidents, drama, broken lives caused by alcohol.
I suspect that she will have more one liners than Groucho Marx on speed.
Brilliant article, Tabatha! Thank you.
Are you well ? Not one mention of Israel !
Typical incoherent response.
If she had proof she wouldn't be afraid to name who it was.
Cool! Ad nauseam to the point of fanaticism.
I disagree with your comment a lot as I don't think it really addressed anything I said
In the meantime, enjoy your race to the bottom.
Ontario will need a drug plan for head ache pills ....
In the words of former PM Brian Mulroney....'there's no W H O R E like an old w h o r e'. Fits both Bill and Hillary Clinton to a tee.
better read up on Harper removing our Rights...
This is just inflammatory nonsense
http://www.huffingtonpost.ca/2015/01/14/canada-sued-investor-state-dispute-ccpa_n_6471460.html
Jack you idiot... being in charge of a classroom of 20-30 reluctant teens is a much better preparation for running a country than working in a mail room and for a lobby group.
Na, they're just stupid.
So it's because he wounded it, if he had shot Cecil through the heart and he had died immediately then you'd be fine with it?
LOL... a common warning label at the good old G&M...sad how little mention of that Yank coup attempt by the bush admin.& other attempts to undermine the govt. there
Regarding Konrad's last two paragraphs, I refer everyone to the first sentence of the second paragraph.
The only immutable gene left standing must be 'our brave men and women in uniform', paradigms of virtue, manifest examples of human perfection. Ah, yes, Caitlyn is cool. Dolezal is not. Sir Tim Hunt is not. Is my thinking acceptable today?
Different from a pap smear?
Ditto here !
Was he a gentleman when he called an CPC MP a POS??? Not really.
Well said and I completely agree. What Solomon did is not the worst journalistic sin.
'It is a tool to in the arsenal of good government to promote the values of Canadian citizenship.'But one of the values of Canadian citizenship is that it is an inalienable right.
I laughed. I love your comment. The same happened to me, and still does happen sometimes.
Vaughan is for it.
What 'catastrophic consequences'?
We're paying for it now.
you should vote for who ever you feel will the best leader for the Canadian populace. Full stop. PS...the blacklist series is 90% real world and 10% Hollywood. A lot of what was in this speech touches on that. Think about it.
idiot alert!!!!!
So the point of wearing a Niqab is to hide your womanly features from men. Yet many of these women wear eye shadow and makeup while wearing the Niqab. I'm confused.
Yes, it does.
Rest assured you're not the only one holding those reasonable views. http://www.ledevoir.com/politique/quebec/396772/charte-des-valeurs-les-mecontents-n-ont-qu-a-plier-bagage-estime-michaud
very well said, and look, some of those same deadbeats logged in to call you a troll and an idiot. My experience has been the same, able bodied people who would rather live off welfare then work.
plefebvre, we thought you had moved on to Oxford, to resume your professorship there in Anglo studies... clearly, you are an expert, rarely missing the target with succinct analyses. Good-o!
Of all the anti-Harper nutters on this forum, you sir, take the cake by a country mile. There's no contest..... not even close. In fact, I think you pretty much creep out everybody around here. Your friend, J Roy
Trudeau has assembled a brain trust? But can you trust Trudeau has a brain?
I guess it's just kind of like, 'My body, my rules.'If racist laws can stand in France, then they can stand anywhere. We are France's friend, and so we say, 'You can do better than this.'
If you do not understand simple things then maybe you should not post on this blog?
Outrageous that Canada shares such private health records. Who authorized it?
I wonder if the beating of a Ukrainian presidential candidate by 'ultra-nationalists' last night in Kiev make the news?
That is conveniently forgotten. It didn't matter what was done, it was going to be criticized by the opposition who count the voters having very short memories
Good analogy.
People get paid a lot for philosophizing and inventing theories. All baloney. Canadians were sick of an anti-democratic power monger. To date: The Harper-Conservatives are anything but conservatives.
Bravo, bravo, Sir or Madam. You forgot to mention the Mop and Pail which has sunk to abominable lows.
Yes, Ontario will have to admit it is hopelessly broke and will have to lay off 100, 000 employees.
I actually wondered why he even included that comment. Only her community would force her to wear the hijab.
No one was 'targeted' here.
Which middle ground would that be?
Islamophobia is no match for Islam's Christaeophobia, Judeaophobia, Buddheaophobia, homophobia, gynophobia, and xenophobia.
How many of them have you met?
And don't make excuses for Ford. If he doesn't know for real, he should ask one of the experts so he does know for real.
They were probably afraid of being accused of racism.
That opinions other than his own are somehow dictatorial.
Richard231 your comment is smart and thoughtful indeed! Any other thoughts about say Polish-Canadians, German-Canadians, Jewish-Canadians or any other Canadians?
Wente is on fire! I've enjoyed her last bunch of articles.
I am all for engagement but I suspect in the end all we are doing is hastening the rise of an authoritarian state and those are not the kind of people we want in a strong leadership position.
'I'll start to take this serious when the people telling me it is serious start to act like it is serious'.
I say, BAN partisan politics.
why inquiry? there are over 300 MP's in Parliamentget a committee of them to do the workwhat do they do anyway? pass the buck?
In a world where everything changes without interruption, preachers of change to get into power should be taken with a grain of salt.
@ Creative - I'm not advocating genocide, more on the birth control side for population reduction. History also shows that the wealthy and healthy usually have less off spring than the less fortunate.
Can this be the same Christie Clark who stood idly by and watched the Chinese buy Vancouver? A paragon of Provincial Liberal virtue!
Well, gentlemen like you and Dickie, had just better know you place and keep quiet. Or else????
So now the volunteers will soon be here to insult Ms. Watts. Call her all sorts of names because she didn't run for the chosen one.
The Kochpugnicans are fighting a war of attrition. You just surrendered. This pipeline willl never happen.
No, those facts are never put on display in a museum, lol. They get buried in the library.
Did you read the article before posting your cheer-leading piece?
Always amused by the term 'progressives' - call them what they really are - socialists / communists
Not more Darwinian than the prairies of the Great Depression.
Huge difference. A Turban is not part of the OFFICIAL RCMP uniform. Well, it wasn't. That was the issue, it had nothing to do with 'safety'.
i heard that story on cbc's 'the current'. or was it 'this is that'?yikes!
I forgot to mention that government also needs DEFENDERS, politicians who are not embarrassed to be in favour of good government in the public interest, and who are not afraid to provide the proper finances to make government work properly.
Absolutely spot on.
BS. Over 96% response rate with census and a pathetic 60 or so per cent response rate with the NHS. Big difference. The NHS is garbage and a waste of money.
what the media is not asking is why the democrat party picked such a tainted individual as their candidate
?We need to feel supported by our fellow Canadians.? It is hard to support a hunter-gatherer culture in the 21st century.
Earth to David Gibson: the 'totalitarian' gov't now in power in BC is the Liberal Party.
What is needed - but what we are not getting from this government - is an independent outside investigation of this matter. It will change on May 14,
But of course, many US papers do precisely that. If America didn't have such influence over what happens in the rest of the world, it would be different.
Both Rob and Doug!
The NDPs election results were a flash in a pan. They are back to stupid policy and we are back to voting for someone else.
How do we do that?
'NDP and PC's to cooperate'Good luck with that.
"He is often identified as a Straussian[1][2][3] and is critical of theories that identify Leo Strauss with neoconservatism and the War in Iraq.[4] He supports the Democratic Party, but is critical of its left wing.[5]" Have a great day
Is that you, Steve?
'The mere fact that an 'appointment', system is at the core of the process guarantees corruption
@Boogeyman3 - I wonder if Liberals lie about drinking at the ACC and insulting people?
Beautiful!
Go Tesla Motors!
Another one they have ready to go is automatic pharmacy dispensers.
Scrap what's there, including the Lewis clan. Now go ahead.
Students can't think for themselves when they're told there's only one way to think.
'Critical infrastructure'Northern Gateway, the Trans Mountain expansion and the LNG export terminals will be more a part of China & India's critical infrastructure than they will be Canada's. We take all the risks; they get many of the benefits.
A really great column. As a society, we love to blame oppression for everything. Personal responsibility means nothing.
So is what you posted.
Really.....and he didn't say or imply anything personal about her in the version of the debate that you watched? Incredible.
When you are in the neighbourhood with Pakistan and China on each side, you would also do what India is doing.
Second biggest, the biggest was done in 1974 by Pierre Trudeau when he privatized our currency, that bill is now at 60 to 70 billion a year.
There is no friend, Send your feedback. Its all users/subscribers can do.
Maybe you should read this article. It is quite enlightening. http://www.theglobeandmail.com/report-on-business/rob-magazine/kevin-oleary-hes-not-a-billionaire-he-just-plays-one-on-tv/article4564334/?page=all
What's the issue? Can you at least address what I say.
So the goal is continuous nonstop growth? Bigger and bigger and bigger. I might say that when compared with depopulation that I'll take the latter.
'lock him up'
Inform immigrants the water is fit to drink. Where in Canada is it not fit to drink? Your bottled water theories do not hold water!
Re: 'without repercussion'IOW, you don't want frees peech. You want consequence-free speech. And that ain't EVER gonna happen.
to GizellaThere's a fine post, beautifully written, incisive, and well argued.
Keep dreaming Liberals, but 'Le Dauphin' is not ready for primetime....
I guess you could call this article red meat for Clinton supporters.
Sounds kinda kinky.
Well, I have wads of free time. After I put in the 14 hours a day, I have 10 hours left!
How long is the Globe going to keep this story above the fold on its web site? It's been there for about 10 hours now. There's no news like fabricated news I guess.
I am of the human race; Homo sapiens.
Tea party lover. Huh.
She wasn't bitcoin's CEO. She was a CEO of a small start-up bitcoin exchange located in Singapore called First Meta.
'Birds' is jailhouse lingo.
Actually I am not surprised that China is taking the lead on this because it was religious suppression that kept China in the dark for centuries.
Criminal laws get repealed and new ones enacted on the basis of shifting public tastes and mores. So I don't believe the distinction you want to make is very clear at all.
Any time you rural folk want to keep all your taxes no problem. Just let the cities keep theirs. Hope you dont freeze.
Well put, couldn't agree more!
As the article suggests, it's really not that simple.
Soon to be deleted.
Right... tell that to the attackers
[... it appears officials were unaware of the incidents uncovered by The Globe]As Upton Sinclair said, 'It is difficult to get a man to understand something when his salary depends on his not understanding it.'
If only we had taken away your lethal weapons when you were growing up, the murder rate would be going down. oh - wait - it is going down. Maybe you or others legally owning guns isn't the problem after all.
Is this really how infantile Liberals think? Is this a joke? Western civilization is doomed...
Running around naked is a good example?
Well done Rick! Kathleen Wynne and Dalton have done such a bang up job these past 11 years haven't they? Thanks for the deep analytical report - keep up the good work.
My expectations of you were very low, Skyline, and you met them.
Why do you pretend not to understand the war criminals were moved in the shrine in 1987? Are you simply ignorant?
Because Oilbertan politicians like Ralph Clown and Fascist Steve are d*cks.
Ignorance is bliss....
Could be, Bill, but it is an honest question looking for an honest response. If it is too edgy for the editors it will be gone soon enough.
At least Yakabuski is pontificating about something he's qualified to pontificate about. The NDP, because they are irrelevant. Yakabuski is only qualified to pontificate about irrelevant things.
Barrylane, just wait for election night 2015, when Ibbittson's theory bites the dust, and the Laurentian sic parties come back to power ... laughs all round
Harper's rock solid voter base: it's too bad those blindered conservative supporters don't realize that the Harper gang plays them for suckers.
This article is the opening salvo in the drive for union membership (and union dues) for service animals.
Horse pucky!
Proof if proof was ever needed how small and insular this unfortunate little man really is.You have to wonder what he's got over Harper that he keeps him on.
Can't stop thinking our good neighbours to the south just put Archie Bunker in the White House.
The Holy Bible is wholly babble. It's a bookfull of lies and ancient superstitions. The good news is the trend is overwhelmingly against religion and towards commonsense and science.
Dual citizen ship is a No No. One can not serve two masters. When one bows to master one its but is facing master two and vice versa. You come to Canada embrace it. If one is sceptical, Just do not apply for citizen ship fair enough.
Nope just the Conservative wannabes.
We will, in October. Oh, I thought you meant the current goverment. Yeah, the statue, too.
'Mr. Weiner's pathology isn't that peculiar. Just check out the dating site on Craigslist.'Margaret! what are you doing on the Craigslist dating site?
Was there supposed to be a point to this?
Are you saying the no natives have been accused of hate crimes against non-natives?
Too bad so sad Amira. Perhaps your organization can play a larger role in rooting out the radicals and reporting them to the authorities we would have reports like this coming out.
sburg.....It is kinda simple....when you are on the public dole.....y0u get a lot more pay... a lot more time off WITH PAY... a better benifit package.. and a much more juicy pension....Pretty simple....what have we missed out ???
"The Atlantic article also grades those scandals and finds them mostly insignificant." Actually, some of the grades included the words "serious" and "dangerous." Selective reading ?
Just like they re-elected Bush and Cheney in 2004 ?
Don't you believe the entire Globe and Mail is a propaganda sheet, Gibson?
with its expanding mandate, Orwell's prediction of 'big brother',as applied to our state media', seems eerily accurate. right speak comes next.
So beating women is just ok? F-k that right? No criminal charges and conviction should be done? And those videos of his sexapades that he presented? I wonder if he had consent to that.
Seems the prosecution didn't do a good job, vetting the victims would have been a start.
I think what the author is ultimately attempting to say is:if you do not report a serious / violent crime - then you are guilty of perpetuating it - both men or women
"...all scientists all agree..." Where do you get this guff from?
Yeah, right. Merit as defined by whom? By males, of course.
Is focusing on Hillarys health fair? 100% fair, this article is a joke.
I keep wondering why this continued reference about taking back our democracy. You have a vote, don't you. Use it. Ironically the most totalitarian PM I recall was Chr?tien.
LOL. Sorry Wotsrite, you have every right now to sue me in a human rights tribunal.
and houses that cost double what they do in the USneed higher wages to pay for inflated housing
If this is a major problem of our society, Canada is really a rich country as lots of people on Earth are still fighting for food and clean water. I am happy to hear these non-issues head-liners happening in Canada every single day.
sirenUnfortunately there is little difference between the media and government. On employer sponsored pensions, the Charter and the 'war on terror'.
If you think Konrad has a pro-Obama stance, you haven't been reading his articles. Including this one.
Hurts eh...
Nah, the whole province is WITH ROB FORD
Yes, but Steve wasn't really talking about Quebec. He was talking about immigrants.
Well based on the limited resources and men and women available, it probably wise to go with minimum to non-combat with maximum humanitarian work, diplomacy and non-combat services to start and focus on for the long haul.
That's pretty childish, Bill.
Yea well said--kiss his butt some more!!!! Middle class is one of the best in the world now!!! But u left wingers hate that!!! You want Canada Destroyed, you left wingers have destroyed the east with you spending and massive taxes!!!!!
I believe the term is alpha female and there have always been some in every animal group.
In no uncertain terms Stephen Harper's image is well established by Stephen Harper; no one, not even media, can gloss over what a silk purse is really made of.
Some form of proportional representation would greatly reduce the autocracy in parliament. Canada could become a democracy.
Most of those you've listed just increase their hours to your billing based upon what they want to purchase next. You are just happy to accept being over-charged because they are not educators.
The Mayor from Sannich should relocate to Toronto and run for Mayor. One qualification that initially might not be noticed by Toronto voters is that someone from the south end of Vancouver island doesn't know much about municipal snow removal.
Back into the closet, eh? With Friends like turkeyt, Marois doesn't need enemies.
Thanks for your insight on the white experience. So, so relevant.
I suppose you are able to show your contempt for the party and the candidate, don't vote for them.....which I suspect you weren't likely to ever do anyway!!
I think Harper is living in the wrong country, obviously his heart lies in Israel, and come October 2015 he'll have that wish.
Moon Howler??.a paid political announcement, paid by you know who!
Note to Marj LeBPlease give the base a new word to work with... the spittle word is now over used
'The idea that more taxes and more government spending are the best way to help hardworking middle class taxpayers is an old idea that's failed every time it's been tried.' - Marco Rubio
You took a lot of words to make the point you don't agree with the author. And yes, this is a bylined column and it is indeed Ms. Wente's personal opinion.
'Mrs. Thatcher modernized her country and prepared it for the inevitability of free trade, and set an example for other nations struggling with moribund economies and hidebound unions.'www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qx7AOKqvC4E
'Are the Conservatives lifting tactics from the GOP? 'Ya think?
So, Jughead, the 'risk taker' released his costing on a Saturday and didn't bother to show up for the unveiling... or answer any questions.
Actually I did and they were jerks, to put it bluntly. However tell me you didn't cringe everytime the Minister of Democratic Reform opened her mouth.
The age old question of which is the slimiest profession, journalism or politics, has been answered. It's journalists that become politicians.
How do you dream up the incessant nonsense? Harper is gone for good. Get over it.
That isn't an assumption. When you have quotas, you limit the talent. It is quite simple mathematics, actually.
Tom, I'm glad I read this drivel of an editorial, or I would have missed your excellent editorial. The globe should pull theirs, and print yours.
Lots of sweeping generalizations. But it appears that we agree that our government got this one right.
Women ( and anyone else with any intellect) vs. an unelectable buffoon.
no......wente misrepresenting a source? I just don't believe it.....lolz
It's the Indian Act, it's got to go. Scrap the Indian Act, and end the ethnic apartheid system that it represents. That will be a meaningful step in the right direction.
Nothing lingers quite like emails from WikiLeaks that show 'pay for play' schemes. Oh that's right I forgot. The Globe And Mail doesn't write about that kind of thing so you probably don't even know about it.
Have there been similar, alleged charges made against a Conservative MP by another MP?So in fact, you have no idea how the Conservatives would handle this.
Well there is the whole issue of creeks and sewers and how much it costs to dig. It would cost more to dig that out then 3 DRL's.Not worth it.
Why kahnf5? Please enlighten us.
Scarier even, My monkey, is that of the ~306 MP's voting in the issue less than 100 came from ridings where it applied. Democracy at work.
or maybe a lack of talent in only the Conservative Party ?
Why is my tax money funding something that is not available to me due to religious beliefs? If there is benefit, as you say, why not let Roman Catholics fund it?
Such a silly comment. The Royal Family is a refreshing change from the elected politicians.
I'd take a guess that you haven't seen the offensive material in question.
The Catholic Church may well do that... but Bible scholars will be hard put to follow suit.
A bigot? Blow it out your ear.
more mcfarlane, less wente
It's winter ,you should put more than just your head in the sand.
Friends don't cheer as you self-destruct - apparently CONS do.
Says the Quebec Liberal who thought the same about Redford.
The Con has bought the voice of most of the remaining dailies in Canada today, OCA. Your idea of a free press comes out of a market comintern.
hey CJCraig1, how about choosing unregulated and unlicensed restaurants with no health inspectionyou are a grown up (yeah right) and quite capable of ...blah blah
People, take action. Boycott Tim Hortons, Boston Pizza and McDonalds and send a message.
Google it you twerp.
You do not question the Dear Leader! Our Lord and Saviour's word is Gospel and must be treated as such! Trudeau is ENTITLED by birthright to run Canada as he sees fit!
8 deficits, no balanced budget, 2 recessions, still higher unemployment than pre-2008 crash. Not exactly a big shoes to fill. Shouldn't be hard.
No young JT had an option. He just doesn't have the experience or maturity to handle it by allowing due process.
Exactly what bs are you claiming is copied?
cracking a smile and having a pleasant tone doesn't matter a damn when it comes to making the tough decisions and running a country. As was stated prior to the election this was not a popularity contest but it turned into one.
Yeah well - Trump too is going to find he has lots of those same barnacles. He owes lots of people even if his narcissitic self doesn't know it.
??... you do realize you just made a very ironic comment right?
Get informed Purple, French immigration to Quebec has exploded in the past 4 years. Thousands of French students come to McGill and UofM (they pay the same tuition fees as out of Province students) and they stay after graduation.
Yes, normal left wing double standard.
You really don't want to know how a cesspool processes
Those crimes don't matter because they don't have enough oil and actually the UN is about the only body that is talking about it.
Teachers make on average $55,000 a year. Is that too much? The Us gov't just gave Isreal 5 Billion-yearly.It spends 600$ Billion on the Military.
Israel is an armed ghetto, in a hysterical fear for its very existence, in constant search for a suitable enemy to destroy.
Usually the product of the public school is more literate.
Until everyone starts showing the idiocy of IS it will find a path to violence. Good article
'Obama only cares about trade'Obama only cares about the destruction of national sovereignty and the introduction of a global government - one with him at the head of it.
Any proof you can hear a small aircraft at 10-50 thousand feet? A bit melodramatic.
if BHO is the best prez in history u will have to be the one writing the dispatch as any good sycophant would
Exactly, JN . Absolutely the only meaningful considerations and conclusion. Why don't you fit your observation in farther upstream ?
I'm not exactly an NDP union hack type but I have to say that Harper has disgusted me so much with his anti-democratic approach that I will happily vote to replace him with Tommy the Commie, The Airhead Pretty Boy or Bonzo the Chimp.
Aren't marriages arranged by the parents, since it is forbidden and considered sinful for single women to talk to single men outside the family?
Trudeau is turning into Harper with manners. The Senate moves along even though many wish to turf it and the voting system is not just a call by MP'S led by Trudeau. Shall we have a little justice instead of having events rammed down our throats?
Go back and read the third paragraph, assuming you read the entire opinion in the first place,
So, Zimmerman wasn't left unconscious in the rain and Martin is dead. What's your point? Did the kid die for the sake of a 'what if?'. Man, you sound really bitter.
How do you progs become such extremists?
Rob, FYI the American Psychiatric Association has removed Gender Identity Disorder from their list of illnesses - they accept that it's real and not a disorder - google Gender Dysphoria.
Funny this report is now retracted as "unverified", but every unverified report of some "attack" on a Muslim woman is taken at face value, no "verification" necessary. And they wonder why people no longer trust the MSM.
Saunders isn't interested in success stories.
Great idea - more civil servants.
Do leave this response on every page about the election? Can't you come up with something new?
The US beat us to it, they gave up long ago, except for the guns.
"Its all harpers' etc.. you score is an hard to believe 13 - 1.... obvious much?
No evidence so far it had anything to do with racism. Horrible miscarriages of justice happen to white people too.
ISIS and the caliphate are rooted in the koran
Another bozo eruption from Larry... Good times!
What democratic process??? This election is rigged and you can simply google it and find out how it is being rigged.
Someone has to be the first to ask it ... Justin and Bono are the smartest in what room?
Indeed, let them "walk the walk"!
This is a rather disappointing performance by the PM and the G&M. It's very thin gruel for the Trudeau bashers. I suppose they will just have to move on to criticizing his wife's wardrobe arrangements.
how about working your way up the ladder, in the old fashion way.....put the parachutes in the garbage....
These are Canadian numbers and before tax. Please remember the progressive tax system taxes those at the top at a significantly higher rate than at the bottomBTW In the US the 1% starts at 500, 000. Way more inequality there.
Last time that happened? 1812-1814.
Ford's biggest strength was his stand on family values, which immigrant communities supported.
Who told you to tell us you're glad? Still don't get it do you?
The ideology ('visionary speculation' Oxford English) is all Steve's and all Dickensian.
Totally agree
I think we should bomb a country that beheads its citizens and treats it female population as chattel. Wait, that's Saudi Arabia the home of Islamic terrorism.
To my thinking, some people with to much of this yoga twisting have twisted their mind out of shape.
What a stupid comment. Did you not see the video where people are saying 'We've got the best mayor right here'... yet another Ford supporter with no grasp of reality.
Second chance for Christie? I have voted for the Liberals for many many years, but no way can I vote for her.
re: cultural genocidethey want to live like primitive hunters and gatherers and have access to all that modernity offers for free
Here Here!
Funny, in the 80's there was an expression for this....trickle down economics... and it was bad. Now, Lieberals are doing it, calling it an 'investment in infrastructure' and it's suddenly good! Imagine that!
Don't be so hard on yourself. Your life will go on.
Hah! Well put. Their 'principles' only compel other people to do things for them.
So, her stint as a Senator or as Secretary of State don't 'count' as qualifications in your 'mind'.Your bitterness becomes you.
Trump standing up ' for the people'Definitely ' my mornng smile'
Very, very funny and really reflects Mr. Harper's weird way in which he is unable to answer any question given to him. I can see that 4thot is already upset at the accurate representation of our Prime Minister.
Let's hand the province over to a guy who gets his talking points from Rob and Doug Ford...
Undermining the ability of Elections Canada to investigate electoral crimes is the core of this legislation. How else could Harper win the next one like he won the last three?
I wonder how many of the people voting you down also demand we should be more like some Scandinavian country at every possibility. Like all those people who think a Carbon Tax is a great idea as long as they don't have to pay it
Really? A little melodramatic no? Last time I checked the demand for fossil fuels was still growing.
If Harper took no action re terrorists the Harper haters would complain same as they are complaining now because Harper is making it tougher on terrorists. I always thought the Libbies and Dippers were a little off, guess this is the proof.
You sort of contradicted yourself in your last sentence. And professional women don't need subsidized daycare. Next.
'Reading Wendt's editorial you would think that she must be a staff member of the PMO?'Reading the G&M for the last two weeks you would think that they were the Liberals PR firm
I think iGate should decide and Harper could train him/her.
Well Rob Ford still has his bully pulpit and Wente has hers.
Yeah, and Stanley Kubrick filmed all the moon landings.
You have been duped by corporate media.
Trump doesn't even know where the Ukraine is or what has happened there.
What woke him up? The harsh reality of 'green' jobs going up in a blaze of green.
It boils down to whether parents choose to empower their children with knowledge.....or ignorance......I choose knowledge. I support the updated Sex education curriculum.
And Why Should We - Do we really need to get involved with that - its apparently already in Al-Qaeda hands, and just be would be another expensive (Canadian human capital) prolonged mess.
This column is like an x ray, 2d, takes guess work, low resolution and outdated but still useful. This issue requires something more detailed with the ability to dig deeper, An inquiry would be like a CT Scan, high res, color, 3d, and updated.
only if you are a liberal or a dipper
More likely a future senator.
OUR MEDIA does tell us Hamas is shooting rockets FIRST and started the war My concern is what is THEIR MEDIA telling the people of Gaza - propaganda no doubt Headline "War ends. Hamas stops firing rockets into Israel"
Nothing's impossible, but Trump reversing course at this late stage is pretty close to it. The math is just not in his corner.
richschlosser can actually read such garbled prose?
You SHOULD be offended, the situation is offensive. Some things are worth being offended by.
Moderate men aren't men, they are boys.
If what the Sun reports is true, this is all kinds of shades of wrong and completely outrageous.
Cut monopoly into pieces and let the pieces compete between each other.
You know its not racism if it is the truth.
Should Hillary get elected, Bill's going to have a field day with the interns.
.jplondonJP, there are landscapers and then there are landscapers. My guy and his crew are excellent at what they do, he as well, has the intelligence of a toad. Obviously/intelligence wise, you have nothing in common with my landscaper. Cheers..
it's a legal, if they find out it will be 3 months hard time.
The long-lost Ezra Levant... that brings back memories. What's he up to these days, apart from losing defamation suits, running a blog and loading hand-held video footage straight to Youtube?
friigate's actually made one of the more intelligent comments above.
I really dont think that the quebec voters were that organized. they fell in love with Jack Layton and voted for him. Jack is gone and Mulcair, while an able parliamentarian, just does not have the charisma to hold onto the gains that Layton made.
two? one is Justin T, a sheltered life in a rich walled garden where debt is not an issue and the second is ?
And to add to I I 's measured and accurate reply to ULE, the Conservative objective here - one that will be realized all too soon - is to achieve parity with Tea Party visions of a Dickensian world.
Less than zero, what with the constant slaps to our collective face (the latest being announcing government plans in the US again).If only we would get an equal opportunity to slap him back.
The video does not provide the complete story on this incident.
Don't kid yourself - the next step will be to lower the 75k starting point for clawbacks. The money saved by seniors who managed to shelter a bit of income in TFSAs has to come from somewhere.
...and meanwhile, in other news, Death With Dignity have just had their charity status revoked....
Not any better the second time around. You are merely illustrating the intellectual vacuum occupied by the Harper Conservatives.
Didn't read... sorry!
The dead were also a convenient propoganda tool for the government(s) of the day.
That's right. HL Mencken called it, "the worship of jackals by jacka$$es". I call it "scapegoatocracy".
You are fundamentally missing the point of her article.
Yes Gender Dysphoria is listed as a disorder so the afflicted can be treated like all disorders and for no other reason.
Thank you G & M. We do not need this circus, and Toronto has so many infrastructure needs that a bid makes NO sense. Just say NO, Mayor Tory.
Happy Halloween!
I guess the lesson here would be never give up your nukes.
Dexter... if you could put this together like Billy Joe's We Didn't Start The Fire you wouldbe guaranteed a hit.
Once again, you have the graph upside down. You're confusing the Republicans with the Democrats. Good thing you won't be able to find the polling station with the map upside down.
Even the Economist calls them the Tar Sands.
Science first--diagnosis next--cures to eliminate dementias found!!
Perhaps that they relieve depression, extend lifespans of the owners, bring joy into peoples' hearts. Yeah why would people care about that? But I agree with you - let's cut out all the killing.
Just stop, already. No one's impressed by this, and only the dimmest bulbs actually believe your ode to Trudeau is genuine. You're only proving how desperate the Conservative trolls are getting, by stooping to this kind of fakery.
Maybe the government is furiously shopping to buy some gold and silver with the money? Or mining bit coins? Or maybe they need to spy on us.
Yes, exactly. I am getting so tired of these 'open-the-borders' to everyone, do-gooders.
I have no problem paying teachers based on merit. If they are good -pay them more. the problem I have is paying bad teachers based on time put in.
Did your "advanced" degree teach the difference between an element and a compound? Clearly not.
If all you want to do is troll - go do it in a boat.
Harper is a leader in Global Warming. He has managed to deny, stall and talk against carbon reduction measures for years now. What we need is a leader in the fight against Global Warming and in getting away from carbon based power.
And the Bushes.
If politics is a full contact sport, why do we criticize Bill Clinton and Donald Trump? They played by the book!
Gwyn was an engineer who used to work for the Alberta Energy Company. Where he'd get the skills or knowledge to be a competant member of the CBC Board I haven't a clue.
NO. its what progs do. They are ridiculously divisive, accuse Conservatives of being divisive, and unfortunately people like you seem to love their lying hypocrisy.
I have decided that close to half the Canadian population will vote for a liar who tells them what they want to hear. Rather then elect someone who tells a hard truth that challenges comfortable assumptions.
Yes, it's laughable that they are traveling to a 'conference' overseas that just happens to be near the Black Sea, or Venice or London where a new musical is on stage...
'Mr. Harper has been respecting the constitutional authority bestowed upon the provinces' and destroy medicare and every other sign of egalitarian progress in the process.
Tom Flanagan writing about judgment. Hahahahaha.
What's an 'n-dipper'?
But what if it was your father travelling through North Africa, who unable to recite a particular verse from the Quran was beheaded for apostasy. Would it be ok to criticize or mock that?
What rights of women would be violated if this male student was granted his request ?
If it's a stat holiday I'm all in!
Conservatives and fiscal capability! Conservatives and ethics! Conservatives and morality! HahahaHahahaHahahaHahaha. BLLLLAAAGGH! (splatter)(oh. I laughed so hard I got sick)
Canada was built on the 50% +1. Check out the history on how Newfoundland joined Canada and you will see they won the referendum with a 52% majority.
Are you sure you grasp the concept if individual and corporate social responsibility?
On issues of sexuality, sensuality and inter-relationships, many of the voters aren't being cerebral in the least. It's just another 'smoke' in a pack for them. And love is the ashtray.
Murphy is a tool. Just because I don't walk around with a Charlie hebdo t-shirt all day every day does not mean that I do not support their right to publish.
Hate to tell you granny but if there was an election today Trudeau would have a majority. Canadians are tired of the tory lies.. Time to move on !
While Richard is wrong in stating that Ab is not a large emitter. We have huge industrial emissions. His point is that the source emissions will be generated wherever the oil is produced and so in the end despite being wrong his point still stands.
The two are not mutually exclusive. If a significant element of the populace voted based along racist or xenophobic thinking, it makes sense to call it out.
You obviously don't understand the concept of incorporation. Companies are not physical entities. Any taxes levied on them are taxes not paid by their shareholders, suppliers and employees. Corporate taxation is a zero sum gain.
You liberals should be paying more attention to life, than watching 40 year old cartoons! Try and move on from those!
And Harper hung out in his dad's mail room.
It was never about fighting climate change. It's about raising $billions to engineer social change and fund projects to get themselves re-elected.
RightWouldn't want to interrupt you swimming in the harbourProfits taken away from Canada? Spoken like a true tree-hugging socialist - THAT IS HOW WE MAKE PROFITS (versus government somehow creates wealth)
This kind of left wing pseudo-intellectual drivel is as bad as the extreme right wingers who are stockpiling and waiting for Armageddon.
There is a very simple explanation for it. Just check what Bernie Sanders and Ian Buruma have in common.
This means that over 150 lives of brave Canadian soldiers have been wasted. If only Harper had read of the previous experiences of England and Russia, then these lives could have been saved.
Oh really? And what rules will apply, and who will enforce them? The UN Climate Response Strike Force?
Tune in to NBC.
Interesting analogy, but I thinkyou're avoiding the point. The real question is who's driving the bus - Jekyll or Hyde? With Ghomeshi and Ford, one can't help burt think that Hyde has the controls and will not give them up.
You are right on!
you'd lose your bet
Good. Then you're in for a surprise.
Harris
Keep ignoring the Progressive Conservatives and the CPC will be keeping the Liberals in power for a long long time.
Even Trudeau's statement was weak. Embarrassing.
chinakne'ws, in this comment, you rail against Globe moderators, and the Globe itself. Would I be correct in thinking you are the same person who used to post as chinaknews - the person the Globe banned just a couple of weeks ago?
"didn't save"
The Aboriginals were immigrants as well.
So there is something wrong with a Quebec physician working outside of Quebec for a tax-free salary? As my French-Canadian partner always told me, Quebec is driven by envy. She was a physician who also left Quebec.
Rachael Notley is the one who came through this with elegance and grace. No wonder Brian Jean has such high regard for her. Too bad he can't get himself up to the next level.
So what's keeping you? Get teaching, fella!
You need to reread the concluding paragraph. The message is to give sensibly, to a trustworthy agency, and to trust them to allocate your contribution wisely.
at least he talked to them
One assumes Ibbitson's tongue is permanently stained blue from drinking Kon-Aid.
Bill Clinton ?
Referring to the 2011 election. Though I understand it could be interrupted the other way. Then again, the world is turned upside down: I distinctly remember Andrew Coyne over at the NP endorsing the liberals last election.
its like discussing terrorism but omitting the part about the religion that spawns 99% of it. Pensions are central to the situation but not the discussion.
Immigration policy is about bringing in cheap labour for the political donor class. It has become very destructive to the working class
Exactly - and even a Green Card was no barrier to real talent.
It was Trumplethinskin that used 'oral sewage and fear Mongering' - the very 'oral sewage and fear Mongering' that has most Americans (and a vast chunk of the rest of the world) panicking. Your projection is almost as 'good' as The Orange One's.
Aren't you thankful you have that choice? Why deny others that same choice?
They would never change their strategy, much less their ideology, because they are entrenched right-fighters.What's most delicious in their case is that they are in fact, wrong.
nomad - it's safer to travel to Canada, you won't get shot at, and it's the politically correct issue du jour.
It should but first there needs to be a clear majority to a clear question and it sounds like Marois is trying to sell Parizeau-style sovereignty association - a non-starter in Ottawa, or should be.
Utter rubbish. A native born Canadian has far more tying him to Canada; no other country will take a Canadian born criminal.
how can someone who lies so repetedly ever be seen as honest? he IS implementing his progressive a genda ie: obamacare. My guess is it will be as successful as alll other socialist programs... vastly expensive and inefficient.
Keep telling yourself that if you must.
Nope... use of heroin isn't a crime. Possession of it is.
Equating immigration with terrorism -- Look who's the extremist now.
It was not the Star that broke this story, and the outlet that did (Gawker) is extremely credible.
If all climate change does is prevent people playing hockey outside, then it would be nothing to worry about. Kids can play soccer instead, a much better game with fewer risks of permanent injury.
rational: Actualy I do, it is you who is apparently unwilling to consider the indirect consequences of legalized murder.
Peter, the problem is that she is presuming to speak for all single people, by making gross generalizations and assumptions. Perhaps this was her experience, but it not necessarily that of others. To each their own.
Fascinating that an article on Trump's speech can generate 10 times more responses than this interesting article......what might that say about the readers?
Also to remember, Nalcor currently has a case in the Quebec courts challenging the 25 year extension of the contract.
No 'Canada firsters' (to go back a century) in the crowd? We'll see.
maybe not Texas. But lots of people wants to stay in California!
One man's "rise against tyranny" is another man's "treason"
Let's be clear: Albertan voters get the politicians they deserve.
This would be the G&M setting readers up for the candidate they will endorse for PM. And we all know it's gonna be the aw shucks, we're not too sure but geez, what can we do, aw shucks, what the heck, we gotta endorse Harper line of baloney.
IMO 'Ennui' is symptomatic of western society in general. People are losing hope in their governments at all levels. Governments no longer work for 'ALL' people. Fix this and people will once again become excited about a lot of things in their life.
Hmmmm. Any chance Xi's plane might be lost at sea when he travels to the US?
Pretty soon the G&M will be blaming Trump for the fact the Leafs haven't won a Stanley Cup in 50 years.
Prime example is look how much you've learned.
Unfortunately the CBC has it's own left wing ideological bias, just watch Evan Solomon as an example.
There's also a story (a well documented one) where Pierre Trudeau showed his "respect" for western Canadians by giving them his middle finger.
Trudeau and Harper are relatively close in age. You realize that right? Harper just looks older... and fatter.
The Paris thing is going to fail. Everyone knows it, but does not say it. Obama will be gone, and so will the climate change hoax.
'Central Canadians do not really (despite all of the howling) resent Albertans.'You sure sound like you do.
Look at Liberal Ontario and then make that statement again. No comparison whatsoever.
It is Mr. Sounders who has, indeed, the ethnic English problem, not Britain.
Is there transparency ?
Most people who are born with a silver spoon in their mouth don't take guff. It is called entitlement and it isn't anything to be proud of.
Lasting Impression? Simple: Harper knew about all of it ..right from the 'get go'..Never mind the 'Good to Go'!!
If we imposed a new border, how would we get 'our' oil out of the region? And protect our best buddy Israel from being held accountable for its murderous actions?
Traitorous CON.
Study your Canadian history a bit. Since 1950 there have been only three federal elections where one party received a majority of the votes. 1984 50.0% Conservative1958 53.7% Conservative1953 53.0% Liberals
But surely Ontario needs to get rid of its two-tier system, one of whichis the Catholic School Board.
When has this gang ever made a tough choice? they just keep kicking the can down the road.
Trust fund baby Justin Trudeau never had to look hard for a job. It shows. He doesn't understand the financial difficulties the typical Canadian family as and I honestly doubt he cares. Like his daddy, economics bore him.
To Beans and Bolt maybe Justin and Tom could use those lines in the Debates it will really show their intelligence when they say "how can anyone be as obtuse as HARPER It truly boggles the mind " HARPER is a troll.
I followed you thoughts until you used the code word, 'coffers', something I hear the union bosses use when deriding someone's profit from exceptional effort, hard work, risk and the use of their own capital. You're dismissed now.
Did you ever explain why you made this comparison:'The Liberal party had Hedy Fry - the G&M has Denise Balkissoon'
and ISIS isn't a creation of the US and its ally Saudi Arabia?
Merkel is ultra Liberal.
'their', not 'there'. Get an education.
You can take the NDP out off Socialism but you can't take Socialism out of the NDP. There is no child care or welfare like MulCare.
Moderator: Please investigate the meaning of this commentator's name. It is vicious and cruel. Please delete the account.
Gawd, what's the big deal? Let her wear the face veil as long as her identity can be confirmed during the swearing in (which is no problem whatsoever).
Your imaginary F-35 has all those characteristics. The real one has none of those.
I'd be curious to know why people would down-vote a post that does not even express an opinion. Unless they think the information shared is inaccurate, in which case perhaps they should say so.
Your premise is that you are the spokesperson for the rest of Canada, you're not, you're wrong, and you're ignorant!
And guess who was in the education ministry when Discovery Math was instituted,.....Wynne
That's the Great Misled who provide the millions... they are gradually becoming deluded, one would hope.
Milou - Did you misundertand my point? Please answer. Would you have to be either applauding, or start supporting the NRA if someone committed mass murder against its members?
Good catch, Ailina!
This is all on the Greeks. Period. They are the ones who have been overspending for decades and lying about it.
You read it.
I was born in the UK to Canadian parents so I had both citizenships at birth. As far as the UK being a hell hole, well I guess you should take that up with the Queen who is also Canada's reigning monarch.
Liberals pander to teachers unions, Progressive Conservatives pander to police unions, New Democrats pander to trade unions, and the sun rises in the east.
Just thank God we have a lot of land. Unfortunately we'll have to move to colder parts of it. Yellowknife anyone?
There were multiple celebrations of the solstice in different places. Among the pre-Christian Greeks, the festival involved gift-giving, feasting and festive lights to help lift the darkness.
I don't trust that information at all in light of the fact that Harper Conservatives have been known to funnel money to the Party through their friends and cousins.
.....'must of'.... how funny, NOT! Maybe you can catch up on learning proper language now that you are retired with lots of time to spare.
Please, spare us your 'pauvres nous, pauvres nous' rethoric and start taking responsibility for your own actions/shortcomings/faults, that is, stop shifting the blame onto others. When you do that, you will have the right to complain.
Like any good die hard free marketer she sold her child to a company running farm labour gangs across North America.
Insulting and ignorant.
Did you bother to review the curriculum, or just check if it would come up on a google search? Try looking at it and then tell me how much you know about exactly what is being taught and how.
Right over your head Cap'n.
Spot on, Paul.
Exactly ! Ontario also had many hidden subsidies in the energy sector - which resulted in the stranded debt repayment on your hydro bill.
Wanna start with eggs and dairy products, maybe?
Please, I'm about to puke.
portia, Trump took quite an interest in young things.
Obviously the Liberal party depend on the uneducated to get Trudeau elected.
I believe Quebecers pay amongst the highest taxes in North America in order to enjoy the services and programs you mention.
Ken, Ken, Ken ... Your hat is on too tight again.
Same old, same old. http://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/politics/harper-has-lost-the-moral-authority-to-govern-says-former-pmo-lawyer/article26864767/New election please
Because there are still some journalists left in the world........ unfortunately, they don't live in Canada.
The Sun. Thanks for the reminder... I'm fresh out of toilet paper.
Ha ha - it's 'ignorance' because I don't like it?Just another spoiled child, a la Harper himself. Either put up your own law degree and academic credentials, or shut up.
Just like the teachers!
Why does it matter ?
Only need to look at the posters pseudonym to know what was coming 
'Canada has nothing to say if it doesn?t involve ritual denunciations and moral outrage.' I love it! Mr. Rae has now supplanted Robert Stanfield as 'the best PM we never had'.
He should change his first name to Ramses.
Ontario Brain trust. now there's an oxymoron!
Junior doesn't squirm. He has no reason to.
Actually, most local religious fanatics seem to be locally converted.
He substitutes for that D-Bag Gian Ghomeshi on Q...
It is also the least impressive part of the Vimy monument and certainly the one that has aged the worst.
Can you imagine a Conservative-free Canada?
A dollar short and a day late, as they say.
reply to chris... i agree killing civilians in bombing attacks is bad... but not nearly as bad as what happens when ISIS over runs a community
All kinds of 'pundits' (i.e. media shills working for the Harper party) are saying Adams is 'toxic' for the Liberals because of all the trouble she gave the Cons. Um ... hello, giving trouble to the Cons is a desirable thing from the Liberal pov.
Wow the lefty Jew haters are out in full force today. Nothing like principles progressives to side with nations that don't value free speech, women's rights, or religious tolerance.
Bill G You weren't there.
What shall I ask for Joeabc's fictional video???
It has a heart?
You could start by counting all the names at US and other foreign universities.
It's used more often disparagingly than as a term of endearment. I think because we already had the Grits and the Tories someone somewhere thought the NDP needed a stupid nickname too.
It's pretty much ungovernable. We think we have differences in Canada; but the regions in the US are very different from each other. They have more issues that divide them too. Good luck to them, though. We need a stable neighbour.
Maybe you should be questioning the province that you live in since that is where the responsibility lies for the issues you complain about, other than the 50 weeks of EI.
agree. A fantastically written commentary that was factual, non-insulting and entertaining to read.
I didn't think I could be any prouder to be a Canadian. But then I read this brilliant article.
No rebuttal? No defense? Just name-calling?Figures.Go get your picture taken with the poster boy for conservative populism. Show the picture to your family and friends and be very proud today.
'No means yes, yes means anal', is a joke brought on by the stupidity of feminists. And I really don't care what your reaction is to that....
then the govt should've paid. Still, with crowdsourcing, etc, it's hard to see how they couldn't have raised the cash themselves!!! Who wouldn't want to donate even $5???
Where Liberal Green dreams meet the reality of jobs for Joe Canadian.
Shouldn't there have been a disclaimer that the article was an advertorial for the 'military industrial complex'?
A pretty goofy rationalization for a change in your support, but hey, its a free country. I don't think the Conservatives will miss you.
bavanek has a twisted sense of liberalism as he or she struts on the moral high ground
Great religious references, 'immaculate relocation', and great analysis, unfortunately. Captive fans (Canadians) don't add as much revenue as new fans (in new US markets).
HJK said'make sure you aren't making a complete fool of yourself, if that's possible'
It's not a rant: It's god's honest truth. Why can't you see it?
Before you write nonsense, better attend a spelling class.
You have the advantage of 20/20 hindsight. What about Canada's torture issues? The numbers were much greater. Thousands.
I expected more from the Globe and Mail!
What side? Both Sunni & Shia hate the west.
Is anyone surprised? Two words: Gerry Butts. He advised Winnie the Pooh and devised all the corruption scheme, and he is doing the same in Ottawa. He is, after all, the chief advisor for Trudeau.
Faith means believing something that you know is not true. - Mark Twain
I'm thinking the janitor banged it out while the editor was on martini break.
Well we do have a surplus now. Perhaps we should give crack to all City Councillors.
Awesome article, awesome title. Well done!
What an utterly petty man we have as PM.
Taxing the ill-gotten gains that 'the 1%' tucked away in various tax havens will require international effort. The time for that will come. Let's make sure we elect a government that will be on-side.
Come to Ontario - we have had 11 years of pain and it isn't getting any better ?..At least federally the budget is balanced.
To refute a 'lefty' journal, the NYT, you quote a 'righty' one, The Hill, and of course that conservative network of record called Fox News. Though we still have The Donald's debate and rally comments to and about women...
Marketing boards.
Personally, I see privatized healthcare as being more of a threat since it deters from supporting public healthcare to which I assume most immigrants would be in support of but then it is my assumption and there's a lot of room for error
Quebec independence is coming. God knows they deserve their freedom. After 250 years. The dream will never die.
Hear, hear. Let's shout that from the rooftops, esp. in the next election campaign.
Is Canada run like a large corporation? How much profit was returned to you?
Right up there with the Cons' focus on le Bon Jack as a frequenter of body rub parlours. But why do a back and forth with a propagandist ?
Do you have two left hands too.
'...my residents fees...'Residence fees? Well, your education was certainly a waste.
No, but you are demonstrating your ignorance of constitutional law.
Dwight comes off here as hyperbolic and autocratic. He's venting his spleen and is clearly biased in favour of his own interests which coincidentally align with the oil and gas industry.
.5% that's a rounding error!
Regular, If you're unhappy with the pay executives are making, buy shares and vote otherwise at the annual general meeting. Otherwise, it's none of your business what a company's board decides to pay its people.
Wishful thinking!
We should not care about this gang of Luddites by sending them packing next year.
they all stink
What a specious arguement. Are you suggesting that they wouldn't have freezed if those jets were parked?
http://www.cra-arc.gc.ca/tx/nnrsdnts/ndvdls/nnrs-eng.html
Yeah, haven't heard too much since Hadrian was born. I think he's doing the dad and hubby thing, which is probably the priority right now, and we should just wish him well on that. Lots of time for your snarky comments later.
Please, please don't bring logic and sense into the discussion!!
'I go respectfully straight to the point . . . the left and far-left made up of Islamist infiltrated and borderline terror group BLM and others anarchists of such nature.'I have to say, you have an odd definition of 'respectfully.'
Better than a mail-room clerk.
2 words- proportional representation.
Actually Hipnosis, I don't even bother anymore. You duh-niers aren't even a challenge.
You're 1000% correct on that one, Jimbo.
Did you vote Liberal? If you did you have nothing to complain about.
I like your reply. There are wonderful relationships out there which have grown and expanded with each other. I've watched and hoped to find one like that but there it is. I admire great relationships.
wysiwyg: that's not an extension, it's a straw man. Bone up on your logic.
It hasn't. Like virtually all the Trump rhetoric, it is all make believe. Or like Trudeau's attempt at manipulative fear mongering in the lead up to Brexit that he quietly 180'd on after the fact. Simple hyperbole to control public opinion.
but it wouldn't make a good headline
You show your care by encouraging people to suffer, and by blocking their attempts to alleviate it. I might choose a different way. And there's been no fight on abortion in Catholic hospitals in Canada. When one does happen though...
Self made man! How so?
"Those six jets? So just how expensive are they to operate with all in costs? Say nearing a billion by now?" How does that compare with cost of what just happened in Paris?
And he was completely correct.
Yes, I am. How are you?
That would be Margaret, sister of Tammy?
With that comment, you are a simple minded nincompoop. I pitty thee!
Political experience? LOL. It's not a requirement to run for POTUS.
There was also more physical labour in the first half of the 20th century
Silver, the stupid people are the ones who fell for Harper's propaganda. Obviously Trudeau is not stupid. But you, and the other truly stupid people will believe whatever Steve tells you to believe.
And O'Leary will never be PM.
Many of those old prophets said the Earth was flat and the Sun orbited around the Earth.
Google: Hastelloy N
This may be the biggest trade Canada ever signed, but the senate scandal is a bigger story than this.
More from the tower of babble. No empathy here.
Well to be in the 49.53% tax bracket, congratulations as you must be making $250,000 and above. So why are you complaining again?
'Downfall'? Geez, that's a little hysterical. Are you really going with 'downfall'? As in, 'the whole thing will come tumbling down'? Because of ISIS? If so, please elaborate. I'm eager to know how.
Step 1 in building a fascist regime: get rid of all religions.
it takes months for political hate ads to have an impact, a single poll immediately after the add is absolutely meaningless.
As long as your hopes for converting the self-absorbed are not too high. :)
but the comments section of wentes columns are the best part of the newspaper
Cap and trade. Like the 'net carbon zero' logo on the nose of James cameron's private jet?